Take Your Vacation In a Hurricane Area 
Stelco Inc. said it plans to shut down three Toronto-area plants , moving their fastener operations to a leased facility in Brantford , Ontario . 
But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price . 
Also involved in the group is Robert F. Angelo , formerly Phoenix 's senior vice president , field operations , who left Phoenix at the beginning of October . 
NASAA , the organization of state securities regulators , is pushing for a model regulatory statute already adopted in eight states . 
That sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of Tiger . 
But after a few pleasantries , the Soviets unexpectedly got serious . 
In fact , the last time they played this badly was in 1960 , their opening season . 
But although 56 % of the respondents in the study indicated that mental-health problems were fairly pervasive in the workplace , there is still a social stigma associated with people seeking help . 
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush . 
The growth of Las Vegas tourism in recent years persuades lenders that they will . 
Dictaphone 's picocassette recorder is one of 13 case studies in the TRIAD Design Project , sponsored by the Design Management Institute of Boston and Harvard Business School . 
Alarmed councilors say the project could jeopardize costly efforts to stop , or slow down , the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding . 
During the summer , Legal Services Corp. , a Florida legal aid group , filed a petition with the Fed on behalf of residents in four Florida counties . 
The program has even been called upon to create `` safe '' white electoral districts in municipalities where whites are the minority . 
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
They worry that new IMF funding of developing countries will simply end up substituting IMF debt for reschedulable commercial bank debt , a bad trade all around . 
Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge . 
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade . 
A year earlier , the company had a loss of $ 10.8 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on revenue of $ 10.8 million . 
The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes . 
His pledge , in a letter to Democratic Sen. Byrd , came ahead of an expected Senate vote on spending legislation containing the provision . 
Meanwhile , sterling slumped on news that the United Kingdom posted a wider-than-expected trade deficit in September . 
Thus , in an unprecedented arrangement underscoring the seriousness of the transfer , the CBOE , the American Stock Exchange and the Options Clearing Corp. , as well as the firm 's owner , Stephen Fossett , put up a total of $ 50 million to guarantee the customer positions being transferred to the bank holding company subsidiary in case the market plunged again yesterday . 
Ford has acquired more than 13 % of Jaguar 's shares , and GM has received U.S. regulatory clearance to buy 15 % . 
In Big Board composite trading , Schering-Plough shares fell 75 cents to close at $ 74.125 . 
The idea of a child-as-required-yuppie-possession must be motivating them , since the wealthy offspring of their friends are shown to be rude brats , in therapy by age five . 
The registered importer would be required to bring such vehicles into compliance with the U.S. safety standards , compared with the current situation in which anyone can bring in such vehicles and modify them to meet the U.S. standards . 
All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P . 
Much the same thing happened with busted S&Ls , a problem Congress just `` solved '' with a $ 166 billion bailout . 
No figure juggling ; no witchcraft ; just vastly improved recording of some of our exports . 
Colgate 's 1988 net income included $ 40.1 million , or 59 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
An early fund had filed a registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission that included a fixed $ 1 price . 
But since the member countries of the International Monetary Fund agreed to the `` Guidelines to Floating '' in 1974 , such difficulties have been avoided . 
It claims the Coast Guard failed to chart the rock and refuses to pay damages . 
Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 . 
Soldiers and sailors are still measured in inches and pounds . 
This sum has been guarded jealously by appropriators anxious to offset spending elsewhere , and conservative Sen. Phil Gramm cast the fight as a populist stand against monied interests . 
Others , like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , which has eight offices in the San Francisco area , set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Otherwise , Jaguar may have to tolerate the two U.S. auto giants each owning a 15 % stake for more than a year . 
Mr. Edelson could n't be reached for comment . 
The fund last had a profit in 1985 . 
Mr. Baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of catfish farmers , live-haulers and processors throughout the South before coming up with detailed estimates of purchases and sales , in pounds and dollars , by Mr. Tharp and others . 
Witnesses have said the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton , the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April . 
Along with the car , Wacoal plans to launch a series of Caspita-brand men 's underwear . 
For car marketers , it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from defecting to one of the new makes on the block . 
The Los Angeles media concern said that the year-ago period included a $ 26.5 million gain from the sale of assets , primarily timberlands . 
At the end of the exercise , the cash injection from Petronas will increase the bank 's paid-up capital to M$ 1.15 billion after virtually being wiped out by the new provisions . 
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people . 
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize . 
The offering , Series 1989-84 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
`` Of course it 's better to sell private , '' he says , as the butcher trundles away . 
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market . 
It was considered South Africa 's largest opposition rally . 
At a hearing last week , Democratic Sen. Chris Dodd of Connecticut told Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady that `` Chairman Greenspan 's '' announcement over the Oct. 13 weekend was a `` very important statement . '' 
United Illuminating also amended its rate plan . 
The latest quarter included a $ 6.6 million write-down of investments . 
First Tennessee , assisted by IBM , said it will attempt to place the employees within the company , IBM or other companies in Memphis . 
Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co . 
`` It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , '' said a GE spokeswoman . 
The U.S. defines it as `` premediated , politically motivated violence perpetrated against noncombatant targets by subnational groups or clandestine state agents . '' 
Mr. Trivelpiece , 58 years old , succeeds William Bolger , who died in August . 
Gabriel W. Gorenstein , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case for the FBI , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling . 
Direct donations from either of the residents ' organizations would be illegal because the groups are defined as foreign , but both groups deny making direct donations . 
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures . 
Investors can be assured now that this kind of problem can never occur again . '' 
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . '' 
As the country 's new leader , Egon Krenz , prepared to travel to Moscow today for talks with Soviet leader Gorbachev , hundreds of thousands of East Germans massed in the streets of Leipzig , Halle and Schwerin to call for internal freedoms and the legalization of the New Forum opposition group . 
Over at the Shell station , owner Rudi van Dyk , who doubles as Morgenzon 's mayor , worries that the Orange Workers have made his town the laughingstock of the nation . 
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago . 
Mr. Anderson , a former Lott aide , received campaign assistance from the senator and from President Bush , who visited the district last week . 
Mr. Stoltzman must have worried that his audience might not be able to take it : He warned us in advance that `` New York Counterpoint '' lasts 11 1\/2 minutes . 
FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute . 
In this respect , it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute , rather than eloquently `` concerned . '' 
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker . 
By contrast , Electronic Data Systems Corp. , GM 's data processing subsidiary , boosted net 16 % . 
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Nonetheless , each has too much potential value to the system to be banned by legislative fiat before the CFTC carefully considers all the consequences of a ban and what the regulatory alternatives are . 
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official . 
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split . 
The purchase strengthens San Jose , Calif.-based Businessland 's links to the large corporations who are among the biggest buyers of computers . 
As part of the quake recovery effort , the city Building Department has surveyed about 3,000 buildings , including all of the Financial District 's high-rises . 
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency . 
`` We 're on a tight budget , '' says Detroit Edison 's Carol Roskind . 
The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov . 
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically . 
In addition , perhaps 5 % of registrants will come from a new category consisting of applicants whose academic credentials `` narrowly missed '' gaining them admission in the first category . 
For example , 66 % of the 18 to 24 year olds in the four latest surveys favored an `` open housing '' law prohibiting homeowners from refusing on racial grounds to sell to prospective buyers . 
Crude prices spurted upward in brisk trading on the assumption that heavy earthquake damage occurred to San Francisco area refinery complexes , but the rise quickly fizzled when it became apparent that oil operations were n't severely curtailed . 
However , Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace ; `` Baker Boys '' is both bluesy and funny . 
While Mr. Woodland does n't predict a significant climb for the U.S. unit in light of recent moves in interest rates around the world , he noted that `` its downside potential is surprisingly and -- for dollar bulls -- `` impressively '' limited . 
It also said projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable . 
Norton and General Electric Co. last month filed a lawsuit against the former research manager , Chien-Min Sung , charging him with stealing trade secrets . 
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
After expanding rapidly during the bull-market years up to the 1987 crash , retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead . 
He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address . 
Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % . 
What 's in a name ? 
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment . 
The FTC ruled that the companies violated federal antitrust law by fixing rates in the following states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Wisconsin , Arizona and Montana . 
While investigations into lawyer misconduct will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
But such operations typically are n't performed because there is no sign right after an injury that surgery would be beneficial . 
For the nine months , BankAmerica profit soared 81 % to $ 833 million , or $ 4.07 a share , from $ 461 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
William J. Russo was named senior vice president , public affairs and advertising , for this financial and travel services concern 's American Express Bank Ltd. subsidiary . 
The Qintex Australia spokesman added that his company had opposed the Chapter 11 filing . 
Securities-trading operations were moved to Bank of America 's Concord office , and foreign-exchange trading operations were shifted to Los Angeles , the bank said . 
Michael Burns , president of Telesystems , says his concern has only benefited from the publicity surrounding the case , noting that three other charities have signed on as clients because they were impressed with the amount he raised for National Children 's . 
APPLE COMPUTER CO. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 4.07 billion , OTC , sustained some structural damage . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
As a result , he took the lead in arguing that the cut should be blocked on procedural grounds . 
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . 
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . '' 
In the fiscal nine months ended June 30 , reports Raymond P. Keenan , assistant commissioner for collection , they examined about 13,000 employers , assessed more than $ 67 million in delinquent employment taxes , and reclassified about 56,000 workers as employees instead of self-employed contractors . 
Everybody was out buying Monets . '' 
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains . 
In what is believed to be the first cancellation of a loan to China since the June 4 killings in Beijing , an international bank syndicate has terminated a $ 55 million credit for a Shanghai property project . 
Daily living is the best possible investment ! 
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome-based management 's approval . 
Polaroid reported operating profit before taxes and interest costs of $ 63.1 million for the third quarter , more than double the year-before $ 24 million . 
And now Kellogg is indefinitely suspending work on what was to be a $ 1 billion cereal plant . 
The Little Rock , Ark. , department-store retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
Or that the president would have hurried to sign the bill `` out of compassion for her plight '' ? 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
But under the bank 's proposed statutes , an assembly of shareholders must approve board members . 
Atlantis lifted Galileo from the launch pad at 12:54 p.m. EDT and released the craft from its cargo bay about six hours later . 
And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders attached to separate bills funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services . 
The result ? 
Asahi officials could n't be reached for comment . 
And Tina Brown , editor of Conde Nast Publications Inc. 's Vanity Fair , said advertisers are frequently asked to take advertising positions in the back of her magazine to relieve ad clutter . 
The pilots have a strong financing tool in their willingness to cut their annual compensation by $ 200 million , and to commit $ 200 million from their retirement funds . 
Each of the units consists of two warrants , each of which could be used to purchase a half-share of common stock , and one depositary preference share . 
Public preference is important , So product names should match up , And firms that find they 're lagging behind Should now take steps to ketchup ! 
Robert Stein , president and chief executive officer , attributed the expected decline partly to the effects of a two-week strike last month at the company 's Masillon , Ohio , bakeware facility . 
BRIEFS : 
`` Underwriters of the TVA bonds reduced their market risk by selling Treasurys to cover at least part of their { TVA } holdings , '' said James R. Capra , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc . 
Interpublic 's chairman and chief executive officer , Philip Geier Jr. , made the pitches in visits to Mr. Saatchi in London , the executives said . 
Market technicians were encouraged by the price patterns , which in the past have preceded sharp rallies . 
But Mr. Achenbaum pioneered negotiated fees , which often worked out to less than 15 % . 
But the officials insist that such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate . 
The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million annually in office expenses and other administrative costs by moving to Calgary , Mr. Maier added . 
ROSS STORES INC. , Newark , discount apparel chain , annual sales $ 576 million , two of 28 stores in Bay Area closed , both could open as early as today . 
Typical of other experiments , Mr. Oriani said his experiment was `` very erratic . '' 
We really do know all we need to know , if only we could assimilate this knowledge into our thinking . 
The Panamanian affair is only the tip of a more alarming iceberg . 
Henry Pitman , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case , said about 1,000 customers were defrauded and that Barclay 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 3.4 million . 
One was that , despite his 62 regular-season wins over the past three seasons in the Land Beyond the Late News , he has been overshadowed by his more-muscular mates and missed out on prizes that might have been his due . 
Home taping of pre-recorded music cuts into record industry revenues , but banning home taping would hurt consumers even more . 
Mobil officials said they have been studying ways of streamlining these operations since early this year . 
They plan to increase cooperation in freight ground-handling and create a world-wide computer system to process cargo . 
Showtime has also accused HBO of locking up the lion 's share of Hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios . 
But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most . 
Because commercial banks and the developing-country governments believe they will get a piece of any capital increase , a scaled-down IMF mission would leave both feeling shortchanged . 
The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal . 
Immunex will have the option to buy back Receptech shares after five years . 
To argue that this is `` not likely '' to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense . 
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , former Philippines President Ferdinand Marcos , were charged with embezzling more than $ 100 million from that country and then fraudulently concealing much of the money through purchases of prime real estate in Manhattan . 
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter . 
Index arbitrage , Mr. Carpenter said last week , does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole '' and Kidder 's customers were `` sophisticated '' enough to know that . 
The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
( It recently cut its work force by 9 % , or 213 . ) 
But `` these wide swings scare them to death . '' 
`` Unless the questions are answered , I will keep on going . '' 
Last year , for example , Avalon and others invested $ 14 million in Athena Neurosciences Inc. , South San Francisco , Calif. , to license and develop technology for delivery of drugs to the brain . 
Revenue for the nine months rose to $ 449 million from $ 441.1 million . 
Mr. Muniak 's company , Balag Ltd. , has agreed to set aside the money to plant and maintain it , but discussions are still going on over where to place it and how to ensure that it will be maintained . 
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . 
UAL has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since disclosure of the buy-out 's collapse jolted the stock market . 
With newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash , all sectors of our society and all types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources . 
Amtech , which makes an automated process system that improves the yields of semiconductor manufacturers , said profit for the year ended Sept. 30 rose to more than $ 800,000 from $ 446,000 last year . 
`` Due to health reasons , Lt. Col. Noriega has elected to postpone his visit to Washington , '' it read . 
At Backer Spielvogel , he will work with clients and potential clients on marketing strategies ; aside from agency compensation issues , he helped Nissan , for example , come up with its positioning and pricing for its new Infiniti line . 
About a month ago , Michelin Tire Corp. , Greenville , S.C. , began selling mountain-bike tires , for years a Specialized stronghold . 
Bostic posted 1988 sales of $ 255 million . 
Revenue of $ 1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 1.72 billion . 
It is music for people who want to hear something different but do n't want to work especially hard at the task . 
`` First , we have better quality assurance than ever , because the people building the product have taken on more responsibility for the quality of their own work . 
`` Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the outlook for the newspaper group remains guarded , with no improvement yet seen in operating trends in our Eastern markets , '' said Robert F. Erburu , Times Mirror 's chairman and chief executive . 
The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth . 
Private security guards and moonlighting police can invoke the law of trespass to regulate access to these quasi-public places . 
I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza . 
Intel eased 1\/8 to 31 7\/8 . 
As late as the 1890s , the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines . 
And both the trust and Manville are seeking to avoid the bad publicity that , in the asbestos era , tarred the Manville name . 
Though not reflected in the table , an investor should know that the cost of the option insurance can be partially offset by any dividends that the stock pays . 
The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers . 
The biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game : How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age . 
It aired 94.5 hours of mostly live events in Calgary -- helping raise ratings slightly from 1984 -- but still failed to deliver the audience promised to advertisers . 
Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , off 0.13 ; spot index 131.64 , up 0.30 . 
Consistently , D.T. was over-optimistic about its chances , which it continually sized up , in numerical form . 
The government sought a criminal penalty because `` no cleanup is possible here . 
Since the late 1970s , California property owners have benefited from a tax rollback as a result of a state ballot initiative known as Proposition 13 . 
Berlin 's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $ 1,600 on Nov. 25 . 
Sterling was unchanged at $ 1.5753 . 
In a related matter , Peter Black , president of consumer brand Minwax , was named group vice president for the household products operating group . 
Although the notes held at a price of 92 to 93 immediately after the reset , they started falling soon afterward . 
Independent directors would have veto rights to any acquisition if they unanimously decide it is n't in LIN 's best interest . 
At Plant Genetic Systems , researchers have isolated a pollen-inhibiting gene that can be inserted in a plant to confer male sterility . 
The San Francisco Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals also has been providing medical care , food , water and foster homes for quake-displaced animals . 
Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and put their hands above their tiny eyes and squinted at us . 
Both Saatchi & Saatchi , which announced its intention to sell off most of its consulting business in June , and Cleveland Consulting declined to comment on the proposed sale . 
The state can also bar Drexel as an investment adviser . 
Nevertheless , the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case . 
Mr. Rezneck is a lawyer in Washington , D.C . 
It was the first time since January that Renaissance has thought stocks are worth owning . 
`` We 're all a little greedy . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
West Virginia , home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd , would receive $ 21.5 million -- four times the military 's request . 
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . `` 
Mr. Pilson calls that loss estimate `` wildly inaccurate , '' conceding only that CBS will lose money on baseball in the first year . 
With the increase , even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans . 
Government officials who are urging real-estate reforms balk at the arguments of business leaders and chafe at their pressure . 
The FTC said it `` had reason to believe that the proposed acquisition could substantially reduce competition '' in the production of certain image intensifier tubes , which are important components of night-vision devices sold primarily to the defense industry . 
US Sprint said was it will petition the FCC decision in federal court . 
It 's a script pieced together from interviews by CBS News for a re-enactment , a dramatic rendering by an actor of Mr. Hoffman 's ultimately unsuccessful struggle with depression . 
There is a small Renoir on the wall . 
Its antihero , Said Mahran , is an Egyptian Raskolnikov who seeks nobility in robbing and killing . 
`` But we 're just too nervous . '' 
`` Why should I bother with something that 's an unknown for a very small pickup in yield ? '' he said . 
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago . 
The trust , which was created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , ultimately expects to receive $ 2.5 billion from Manville , but its cash flow from investments has so far lagged behind its payments to victims . 
As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve . 
He expected as much . 
`` He is going to pursue other interests , '' Mr. Jahn said . 
The Westin St. Francis hotel , which survived the 1906 earthquake and fire , currently is less than 50 % occupied . 
Earnings from continuing operations of the Union Pacific Resources unit almost doubled , the company said . 
`` That 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says Steven B. Enright , a New York financial planner with Seidman Financial Services . 
Yet much of the political culture seems intent on castigating the Bush administration for not `` helping '' Mr. Gorbachev . 
The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison . 
`` They are n't showing James Madison taking a puff or lighting up , '' says Laurence Tribe , a professor of constitutional law at Harvard University . 
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1.4 million common shares , via Dillon Read & Co . 
Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean . 
Conner Peripherals Inc. , which has a near-monopoly on a key part used in many portable computers , is on target to surpass Compaq Computer Corp. as the fastest-growing start-up manufacturing firm in U.S. business history . 
But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers they could get out of their written contract . 
Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals . 
In one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room , prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses `` caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or disappearance , '' according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month . 
Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September and August . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
In the fiscal year ended Jan. 31 , the company reported sales of $ 59.5 million and pretax profit of $ 2.9 million . 
The industrial average ended at 2659.22 , down 3.69 points . 
Enron Corp. said a subsidiary and two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program . 
`` They contend it is based on an assumption that has not yet been proven in valid tests , '' the Tribune said . 
The $ 29.7 million net loss compares with net income of $ 19.6 million , or 57 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` What could have been better ? '' asks Mr. Engelken . 
After quadrupling annual earnings over four years to $ 6.8 million in 1988 , the Fairfax , Va. , company , posted a 23 % drop in earnings for this year 's first half . 
Since they have a lower interest rate , they would n't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility . 
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself . 
But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost . 
Mr. Krenz has followed much the same career path as Mr. Honecker : Both spent years overseeing the Freie Deutsche Jugend , the youth group that is the communist regime 's principal tool for stamping young Germans into socialist citizens . 
Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid . 
His truck is parked across the field , in a row of grain sellers . 
The report said that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the effectiveness of medical treatments helps lead to medical practice guidelines . 
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds . 
In yesterday 's composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Louisiana-Pacific shares closed at $ 39.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
This year 's biggest issue , $ 570 million of convertible debentures by engineering company Larsen & Toubro Ltd. , is the largest in Indian history . 
An official at Nestle Korea , a 50-50 joint venture between Nestle S.A. and the Doosan Group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of soluble , roasted and ground coffee , coffee mix and nondairy coffee creamer . 
It has n't made merger overtures to the board . 
In addition to expected losses tied to the labor strike , the coal group has spent almost $ 20 million since the strike began for security , the company said . 
The transaction represents Lynch 's entry into the telephone business . 
Scott Paper Co. said it is abandoning a proposed $ 650 million tree-farming project in Indonesia because it no longer expects to use as much eucalyptus pulp as previously anticipated . 
Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors . 
`` The interest deduction was the engine that made these things more productive . 
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . 
When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at various prices ) be made available to all , not just to market makers . 
Thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic . 
Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average . 
`` Management does n't want surprises , '' notes Jack Zaves , who , as fuel-services director at American Airlines , buys some 2.4 billion gallons of jet fuel a year . 
That sounds like a formula for ensuring that he gets dragged into the next HUD tar pit . 
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator . 
Ms. Davis said the new machines could steal some sales away from Olivetti 's own minicomputers , but would bring new sales among professionals such as engineers , stockbrokers and medical doctors . 
Sales increased 11.9 % to 279.39 billion yen from 249.68 billion yen . 
The cuts will be made half within Germany and half abroad . 
In addition , Delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with Fresenius USA , Delmed said . 
Jaguar assumed its recently customary place on the OTC most active list as its American depository receipts gained 1\/4 to 11 7\/8 on volume of 1.2 million shares and Daimler-Benz joined the list of companies interested in the British car maker . 
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today . 
Such a proposal values Jaguar at more than # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.53 billion ) . 
Spaced Out 
`` Seventeen is written more for mothers , not their daughters , '' said Mr. Lang . 
In return , HealthVest agreed that it wo n't exercise its rights and remedies against Healthcare during the 120-day period . 
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 . 
Digital 's target is the $ 40 billion market for mainframe computers , the closet-sized number-crunchers that nearly every big company needs to run its business . 
On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock and its 1989 earnings estimate , and Commodore International fell 7\/8 to 8 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the September quarter . 
Indeed , the OTS said that before the law took effect Aug. 9 , it banned another `` key Vision Banc insider '' from insured financial institutions . 
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times . 
EARNINGS : 
The rule will require companies with financial instruments that have off-balance sheet risks to disclose data about the value and terms of the instruments , any accounting loss that would occur if the outside party involved in the instrument failed to perform , and the company 's policy for requiring collateral or other security for the instrument . 
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit . 
The extent of the disaster stemmed from years of chicanery and bureaucratic indifference . 
Basically , Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee . 
Sales in the latest period were $ 1.25 billion , down from $ 1.36 billion in the 1988 quarter . 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
Volume totaled 10,450,000 shares . 
Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines . 
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81 . 
Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price . 
At the core of it all is a love for plants . '' 
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $ 156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 . 
But Lloyd 's is hampered in its efforts to overhaul operations by its reluctance to embrace modern technology . 
The three most important things to understand about Mr. Allen is that he is a black conservative intellectual -- a triple threat to the liberal establishment . 
The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity . 
In recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares . 
The Nobel Prize in literature was won by Camilo Jose Cela , a Spanish writer . 
GANNETT Co. raised its quarterly dividend 11 % to 30 cents a share from 27 cents , payable Jan. 2 , 1990 , to shares of record Dec. 8 , 1989 . 
In effect , Holiday is asking holders for permission for Bass to buy their debt . 
Once again , your editorial page misstates the law to conform to your almost beatific misperceptions . 
A network spokesman would n't comment , and ABC Sports officials declined to be interviewed . 
A company spokesman declined to comment and said that the officials who sold shares would n't comment . 
Scores of other credit programs , subsidizing agriculture , small business , exporters , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape . 
`` These people bounce back more resiliently than regular people , '' says Washington writer Suzanne Garment , who is working on a history of post-Watergate scandal . 
Investors rushed to buy bonds during the summer as prices soared on speculation that interest rates would continue to fall . 
He said Rorer sold the drugs for `` nice prices '' and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 20 million . 
Malcolm faces bankruptcy and an IRS audit , but Nora finds an extra $ 30,000 in her bank account , suddenly increasing her available funds some fifteenfold . 
A lower court in St. Paul had ruled in September 1988 that a heart catheter SciMed manufactures does n't infringe on a patent owned by Advanced Cardiovascular Systems , a unit of Eli Lilly & Co . 
Wells Fargo is rebuilding its loan-loss reserve , which increased to $ 711 million at Sept. 30 from $ 664 million the previous quarter but was down from $ 852 million a year ago , when the bank still had some shaky foreign loans . 
Asian portion of $ 100 million via Yamatane Securities Europe Ltd . 
The approval satisfies the remaining conditions of the purchase , which is expected to close within two weeks . 
`` I know it 's not over , '' a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio . 
Some critics say futures encourage people to think of stocks as a single commodity , rather than as investments in individual businesses . 
He felt we should be giving something back . '' 
The $ 6 billion that some 40 companies are looking to raise in the year ending March 31 compares with only $ 2.7 billion raised on the capital market in the previous fiscal year . 
Quantum Fund , based in New York , is a $ 2.1 billion investment fund managed by Soros Fund Management . 
The company focuses on the how-to aspects , says Andrew E. Philip , president . 
`` I went out to Todd { Burns , the A 's reliever } and told him that we were n't gon na let this guy beat us , '' said Oakland catcher Terry Steinbach of the decisive confrontation with Mitchell , the National League 's reigning home-run king . 
Mr. Falls kept the form , but Americanized it with Mr. Bartlett 's further help . 
GM lawyers have been working with technicians to develop more uniform welding procedures -- the way a vehicle is welded has a lot to do with its durability . 
Witnesses shout , scream , pontificate : `` ... a dream that the planet could be saved from itself and from the sadistic dumb creatures who try to tear down every decent man who raises his voice . '' 
ONE DAY Carl Barrett of Mobile , Ala. , was raking some sycamore leaves , but the rake kept riding up over the piles . 
Now , the first order of business is raising enough money to keep his team afloat -- a new yacht will cost about $ 3 million alone , and sailing syndicate budgets can easily run to $ 25 million for a Cup challenge . 
The plan , proposed by U.S. Secretary of State Nicholas Brady , calls for banks either to make new loans or to reduce the principle on existing loans or to cut the interest rate on those existing loans . 
The company also named Michael E. Gellert , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant seat of chairman . 
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
Oil and auto companies supported a move on Capitol Hill last week to gut Mr. Bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 . 
Mr. Jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights . 
Francis D. John , 35-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
Most of the country 's 20,000 judges and judicial employees joined the work stoppage . 
Chairman Carl L. Bixby said the decline occurred although revenue rose 30 % to more than $ 8.3 million from $ 6.4 million a year earlier . 
$ 150 million of Remic mortgage securities offered in 12 classes by First Boston Corp . 
It turned out their children had been dialing a `` sex fantasy '' service in the U.S. . 
Falcon Cable Systems Co. said it proposed an amendment that would allow it to increase its debt cap to 65 % of the company 's fair market value from the 40 % currently allowed . 
Though Mrs. Thatcher has pulled through other crises , supporters wonder if her steely , autocratic ways are the right formula today . 
Maybe , maybe not . 
The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa . 
Short interest on the New York Stock Exchange declined for the second consecutive month , this time 4.2 % , while the American Stock Exchange reported its third consecutive record month of short interest . 
`` Confidence was starting to come back because we did n't have wildly volatile days , '' says Tyler Jenks , research director for Kanon Bloch Carre & Co. , a Boston research firm . 
The Robertson Stephens Index of 340 emerging growth stocks is up 23.1 % for the year through Friday . 
Only now is it undergoing a badly needed facelift . 
The NSC staff `` does n't have the horsepower that I believe is required to have an effective interagency process , '' says Frank Gaffney , a former Pentagon aide who now runs the Center for Security Policy , a conservative Washington think-tank . 
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement ( BIP ) , Dresdner Bank said . 
The union sued the state in November 1985 , alleging that it intentionally segregated job classifications by sex and paid employees in predominantly female jobs less than males in comparable jobs . 
While the vast bulk of it was indeed spent by reputable organizations on the good works it was raised for , it 's equally true that a sizable hunk was consumed in `` expenses '' claimed by other operators , including fraudulent expenses . 
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders . 
The Fed recently eased credit by lowering the bellwether federal funds interest rate to 8 3\/4 % from about 9 % . 
`` I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons . 
An indication of Akzo 's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results . 
The Commerce Department found that U.S. exports in 1988 , net of imports , were understated by $ 20.9 billion a year and understated at the annualized rate of $ 25.4 billion in the first quarter of 1989 . 
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem . 
Shearson , a 62%-owned unit of American Express Co. , did n't have enough time to update its market commentary so , `` We decided to kill our strategy pieces , '' says Jack Rivkin , the head of Shearson 's research department . 
Avondale asked Travelers to defend it in the state proceeding , but the insurer did n't respond . 
`` Right now , Federated owes us a considerable amount of money , '' says Morris Marmalstein , president of David Warren Enterprises , a major dress manufacturer . 
Pending an appeal by the New Zealand team , led by Michael Fay , the finals for the next Cup challenge are scheduled to be held in mid-1992 in San Diego . 
He promises that Nissan will soon establish a holding company overseeing all U.S. operations , just as it 's doing in Europe . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 
Seeking to allay European concerns , U.S. Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter said in Washington that the new U.S. plan would n't `` put farmers out of business '' but would encourage them to `` grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants . '' 
Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec . 
If the railroad is valued on a private market basis -- at the same multiple of earnings as in the recent sale of CNW -- it would have a value of $ 1.65 billion . 
The median price of homes is $ 547,000 ; more than 9,000 vessels fill what the chamber of commerce calls the nation 's largest pleasure-boat harbor . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points , to 2613.73 , in active trading . 
And by adding equity , DLJ would seem to be acknowledging that credit risk was a concern . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Some former strike-force personnel say the units have already begun to break up . 
In their lexicon the 508-point collapse in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 19 , 1987 , was just a big blip . 
The most volatile form of program trading is index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire , computer-guided buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in stock-index futures and options . 
The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier . 
`` If you know you 've got stability in price , you can do things you would n't do with the volatility of the past few years . '' 
The irony in this novel is that neither man represents a `` safe '' middle-class haven : Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere . 
Four people torched three U.S. flags on the central steps of the U.S. Capitol in a bid to test a new federal law protecting the American flag from desecration . 
If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out , benign polyps would develop . 
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee . 
The company said the repayment or redemption of the long-term debt , and the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings . 
American Pioneer , parent of American Pioneer Savings Bank , said the sale will add capital and reduce the level of investments in subsidiaries for the thrift holding company . 
Four other countries in Europe have approved Proleukin in recent months . 
But since the time of Darwin , we humans could at least claim a sort of natural necessity for the existence of our species . 
Union Camp Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 250 million of debt securities . 
Many plants that used to make military equipment are now being ordered to produce televisions , videocassette recorders , small tractors and food-processing machinery . 
Company officials , holders and analysts who previously expected the disposals to be substantially complete by the end of next year 's first half now say the market gyrations could delay the actions well into the second half . 
South Africa 's government dismissed demands by right-wing Conservatives , the nation 's main opposition party , for emergency talks on Pretoria 's recent tolerance of dissent . 
The Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was up 7.81 at 2687.53 . 
Subscribers also get the Classroom Channel , which will feature ad-free educational programming similar to some public-TV shows , and the Educator 's Channel , which will offer instructional programming for teachers and school administrators and will be supported by advertising . 
Mr. Breeden offered strong support for two other provisions in the bill . 
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder . 
The quake , which also caused damage in San Jose and Berkeley , knocked out electricity and telephones , cracked roadways and disrupted subway service in the Bay Area . 
The minister was also quoted as saying that a new pact could be achieved during the first half of next year , according to the analyst . 
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories . 
( In last week 's rape case , for example , the girl turns out to have been a victim of incest , and the biggest villains are the politicians who exploit the case . ) 
There are also questions about whether a new and inexperienced mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis . 
Five months later , Mr. Tisch took over as CBS 's chief executive , and soon he was wielding sole approval each time Mr. Pilson scribbled a frighteningly large figure on a slip of paper , sealed it in an envelope and gave it to sports negotiators . 
The numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve 's battle against inflation . 
But other banks balked at the low interest rate and banking fees the UAL group was willing to pay them . 
Companies get more political clout plus a possible tax-deductible charitable donation -- so far no word from the IRS on deductibility . 
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated-technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office . 
Oji Paper 's sales strength was evident in overall paper products sales , including newsprints , printing and wrapping papers , which rose to 221.61 billion yen in the first half from 200.70 billion yen a year earlier . 
MCI Communications tumbled 2 5\/8 to 42 3\/8 on 4.7 million shares even though the telecommunications giant reported a 63 % increase in third-quarter profit . 
Yet even today , institutions are quietly practicing forms of portfolio insurance by nervously rushing to and fro in the markets . 
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney , an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young , a major accounting , tax and management consulting firm . 
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories . 
However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business . 
Last year , more than 1,800 traders on the CBOE bought and sold 112 million contracts on 178 listed stocks , 60 % of all U.S. listed options trading . 
These securities get top credit ratings because the issuers have put aside U.S. bonds that will be sold to pay off holders when the municipals are retired . 
Investors such as Marvin Davis of Los Angeles who have sought airline ownership this year have insisted they , not the pilots , must have control . 
Mr. Peters would fly to New York with the intention of telling Warner Communications Inc. Chairman Steven J. Ross that Guber-Peters planned to end its five-year contract to produce movies exclusively for Warner . 
They are stressing that the best way for the West to help the East is to move faster towards Western European economic and monetary unity . 
Consider Spendthrift Farm , a prominent Lexington horse farm that went public in 1983 but hit hard times and filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year . 
Distributed by the Hearst Corp. 's Eastern News , the glossy publication melds Vanity Fair 's gossipy archness and Premiere 's earnest delving into behind-the-scenes minutiae , with a special emphasis on Tinseltown as fashion trendsetter . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.80 % in 1999 . 
They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey , and especially Virginia , where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion . 
But as advertisers latch onto disasters with increasing frequency , they risk hurting themselves as much as helping the cause . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a general proposal from StatesWest that the two carriers combine . 
`` It 's part of the capitalistic market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought , '' he said . 
In Moscow , the Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb a black market for hard currency . 
Gillette Co. elected Warren E. Buffett , chairman of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. , to its board , increasing the number of directors to 12 from 11 . 
Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues . 
`` Every department store in Japan is taking a look , '' says Mike Allen , a retail analyst at Barclay 's de Zoete Wedd Securities ( Japan ) Ltd . 
This is reflected in a built-in mortality cost -- in effect , your share of the company 's estimated liability in paying off beneficiaries of people who had the effrontery to die while under its protection . 
But though a weakening economy implies reduced demand , Mr. Kaiser said that Third World copper-producing countries have n't any choice but to sell copper . 
The plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with AT&T . 
The odd mix of departments in the underlying bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and it is a lightning rod for a running battle over the fate of the Legal Services Corp . 
Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more `` expensive '' market and buys the `` cheaper '' one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets , and the adjustments are often abrupt . 
Most of the loans in question are to Third World countries in South America . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Net also was aided by a gain on the sale of the company 's equity interests in South Africa effective Sept. 1 . 
A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel , Basil Paterson and Mr. Sutton , and getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 . 
Above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea the inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat . 
I call her agent , David Dominici . 
Between 1965 and 1985 , Polish waters fit for human consumption dropped from 33 % to 6 % of all surface waters , while those unfit even for industry use nearly doubled . 
Our coffee growers face reductions in their income , and this tempts them to contemplate substituting coca crops for coffee . 
Prospect slipped 25 cents to $ 10.50 in national over-the-counter trading . 
Unlike other writers who either battled the fascists during the Civil War , or left Spain when Franco triumphed , Mr. Cela fought briefly on the general 's side , no doubt earning with his war wound some forbearance when he went on to depict a country with a high population of vagabonds , murderers and rural idiots trudging aimlessly through a dried-out land . 
Under terms of the agreement , Usinor 's Chavanne-Ketin unit and Bethlehem would establish a modernized facility to make cast-iron mill rolls at the company 's cast-iron shop here . 
Since the bureau 's estimates for the business sector provide the numerator for the productivity ratios calculated by the Department of Labor , underestimated growth rates artificially depress official productivity statistics . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , for example , managed $ 25 billion in stock investments tracking the S&P 500 at the end of June , according to Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding . 
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon . 
`` But not a single piece of paper was sold . '' 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning in Panama that were initiated by the administration in July 1988 and stretched into last October . 
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments . 
It invests primarily in tax-exempt municipal securities . 
But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits . 
Basf AG said it moved its headquarters for Latin America to Mexico and the headquarters for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct . 
Negative money was invented in 1988 to make the 1990-94 Five Year Defense Plan conform to the numbers in President Reagan 's final budget submission to Congress . 
I can adjust the amount of insurance I want against the amount going into investment ; I can pay more or less than the so-called target premium in a given year ; and I can even skip payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy . 
`` But clearly we 're entering a difficult period . '' 
Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses . 
Calgon Carbon Corp. said it will build a $ 40 million plant for producing granular activated carbon . 
That plan would provide a 30 % exclusion to assets sold over a 2 1\/2-year period ending Dec. 31 , 1991 . 
He said the company is still looking for `` a strong fourth quarter in all areas -- sales , operating income and net income . '' 
It alone is n't likely to stop a station from dumping CBS shows . 
Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers . 
`` One case of cancer or a high-risk pregnancy with a sick infant , and rates go up 40 % to 60 % . 
No one has to accept the sins of the Ottoman Empire to reject that argument . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Advanced Medical Technologies Inc. said it purchased 93 % of a unit of Henley Group Inc . 
And anybody who lacked the backing of the retail sales force `` would be fragile , '' said a Daiwa executive . 
But some analysts remain sour on the company . 
That event , he contended , simply shows the `` vulnerability '' of having listings on only one exchange . 
Watson & Hughey has denied the allegations in court ; officials decline to comment further . 
`` Unless he changes , they lose , '' said a Democratic leadership aide . 
On Friday , Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp said it expects a net loss of $ 16 million for the third quarter of 1989 because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit . 
Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ? 
Dr. Marston , 66 years old , succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy . 
In addition to commercial markets , Digital 's new line targets the low end of the engineering and scientific supercomputer market , when it 's packaged with an optional supercharger , known as a vector processor . 
Dow would earn $ 14.85 a share for the year if it equaled that year-ago fourth-quarter performance . 
S.G. Warburg , a rumored target of some European banking concerns , finished 22 higher at 400 . 
A group bidding for American Medical International Inc. , New York , said it formally received the final financing needed for a $ 3 billion bid for about 86 % of the hospital operator 's stock . 
Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier . 
Now , two-for-one deals on pizza are common ; so are 99-cent specials on sandwiches normally priced twice as high . 
Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28 , the privilege can no longer apply , the judge said . 
Macmillan has owned Berlitz since 1966 . 
But they have been at odds over how much Mr. Hunt would owe the government after his assets are sold . 
They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge . 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
About one-third pay out of their own pockets , while the rest are covered throughout by Medicare , private insurers or the Veterans Administration . 
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America . 
Moreover , the opportunity to sell steel at a price acceptable to USX may be gone , for now . 
McCaw said the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board . 
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid . 
But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively . 
Last Friday 's market gyrations did not result in severe `` aftershocks . '' 
Stock and bond investors were cheered by last month 's encouragingly low inflation rate . 
Mr. Andersson says he is confident that taking parts of the company public will help erase the `` conglomerate stigma '' that has held down Trelleborg 's share price . 
He is negotiating a rich book contract to boot . 
Were we smart or just lucky ? 
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
But yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests . 
It 's nice ! 
Under the terms of the settlement , the limited partners would drop their civil suits against Drexel , now pending in federal court in New York , another individual said . 
American Express representatives apparently influenced the publication of unfavorable articles about Mr. Safra . 
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies . 
Overall , Mr. Gillett 's holding company , Gillett Holdings , is heavily indebted and , except for its Vail Mountain resorts , is n't doing very well . 
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8 % to 8.019 % . 
A few years ago , Mobil restructured the entire company during an industrywide shakeout . 
Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that investors simply must get used to the stock-market volatility from program trading have drawn criticism from both the exchange 's stock specialists , who make markets in individual stocks , and from many companies that have shares listed on the Big Board . 
The TVA bonds also `` served to remind the market that there will be even more new supply , '' said Lawrence N. Leuzzi , a managing director at S.G. Warburg Securities & Co . 
But there was one bright spot yesterday . 
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon . 
The pending bill , introduced by Mr. Thurmond , would revive the long-dormant federal death-penalty laws by instituting legal procedures required by the Supreme Court . 
The oil magnate , who spent his later years passing out dimes to counter his penny-pinching image , `` is n't terribly amusing , '' says Barry Olson , creative director at Innis-Maggiore-Olson , Canton , Ohio , which is producing the ads . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Wells Fargo & Co. said its Emergency Operations Committee -- which met all night Tuesday -- moved its global-funds transfer system to El Monte , Calif. , 500 miles to the south . 
Well , not yet . 
Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week 's low of $ 1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members . 
So the IRS has drawn a rationale from the sale of a home site split in two and sold in different years to the same buyer ; a court let the seller in that old case treat this as the sale of one residence . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , also has surfaced as a possible obstacle , some OPEC sources said . 
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion . 
More broadly , Mr. Boren hopes that Panama will shock Washington out of its fear of using military power . 
Telephone-operations quarterly profit increased 9 % to $ 84 million from $ 77 million , while federal-systems earnings declined 33 % to $ 4 million from $ 6 million . 
Triad Solutions says software producers had each invested hundreds of thousands of dollars in programs that now have no use . 
Earlier this year , New York Life Insurance Co. agreed to acquire Windsor Group Ltd. , a first step toward establishing a presence in the European market ahead of 1992 . 
A year earlier , Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million , or 50 cents a share . 
A # 320 million ( $ 508 million ) British Airways PLC rights issue flopped badly -- the victim of recent market turbulence and the collapse of the buy-out bid for United Airlines ' parent , UAL Corp . 
The plant was evacuated and workers sent home . 
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time . 
Mr. Guber , in his affidavit , says that when he advised Warner President Terry Semel of the Sony offer at lunch on Sept. 25 , Mr. Semel `` hugged and congratulated me , and expressed joy that we had finally realized our long-term ambition of running and having an equity position in a major entertainment company . '' 
`` The industry is overbuilt , '' he says . 
\* Principal amount 
BankAmerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't materially affected by the Tuesday earthquake . 
The Soviet Union should keep these lessons in mind as it seeks to establish the ruble as an international currency . 
In April , the Long-Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices . 
But trade , one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years , showed a sharp deterioration . 
A disheveled , roly-poly son of a Long Island potato farmer , Mr. Lynch is a veteran union organizer who worked on the presidential campaigns of Sen. Edward Kennedy and Mr. Jackson . 
Who ya gon na call ? 
DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 
It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock `` basket '' product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade . 
AMR 's chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold . 
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly . 
The issue brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 30.2 billion and its total volume to $ 42.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
Some estimates have gone as high as 80,000 members . 
Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds and secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ; preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 . 
This pill automatically expires after three years unless continued by a vote of the shareholders . 
Some analysts are cynical about the new corporate interest in health-care overhaul . 
Although Digital will announce a full family of mainframes next week , it is n't expected to begin shipping in volume until next year . 
About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued , the company said . 
The Fed also has the power to set margin requirements . 
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts . 
In a strongly worded response summarizing a filing made in the same court yesterday , GE asserted that `` prosecutors have misstated the testimony of witnesses , distorted documents and ignored important facts . '' 
The proposed legislation is aimed at rectifying some of the inequities in the current land-ownership system . 
American Express card charge volume rose 12 % . 
These days , `` Batibot '' is produced in a converted lumberyard on a shoestring budget of $ 3,000 a one-hour segment . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at an indicated 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
The Second Section index , which rose 15.72 points Thursday , was up 11.88 points , or 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 . 
Morgan Grenfell said Michael Dobson , currently group deputy chief executive , will assume the chief executive position . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.70 % . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
Ford Motor Co. intensified its battle with General Motors Corp. over Jaguar PLC by saying it is prepared to make a bid for all of the British auto maker when restrictions on its shareholding are lifted . 
Boise Cascade Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9.45 % debentures due 2009 , priced at 99.7 . 
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . '' 
At the time , the Merksamer chain had 11 stores in operation . 
Ciba-Geigy is a Swiss pharmaceutical company and Chiron is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
The powerful group , which represents many of the nation 's telemarketers , was instrumental in derailing the 1987 bill . 
`` Monitoring shows that the Natick team 's new system really does reduce cycle time for the morning package sort , '' reports James Barksdale , chief operating officer at Federal Express . 
The $ 4 million Monetta Fund , for instance , was the seventh top performing fund for the week , with a 2.65 % return . 
Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff . 
During an economic slump , local tax revenues often go down , raising the risks associated with at least some municipals . 
Meanwhile , Ogden Corp. , which also has interests in building maintenance and management , reported third-quarter net income of $ 27.1 million , or 67 cents a share , more than twice the $ 13.5 million , or 34 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Frank Mirabello , a lawyer for the Dorrance estate with the Philadelphia law firm of Morgan , Lewis & Bockius , declines to comment on the financial arrangements . 
Management advised employees Friday that it was going to reduce employment in production operations of the group by 8 % , or 400 people . 
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler . 
Top officers insist Maidenform 's greatest strength is its family ownership . 
First Options did n't have to put any money into the bailout . 
Lone Star Technologies Inc. said its Lone Star Steel Co. unit sued it in federal court here , seeking to recover an intercompany receivable valued at a minimum of $ 23 million . 
Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 58 3\/4 , Time Warner climbed 1 7\/8 to 138 5\/8 , Walt Disney advanced 3 1\/8 to 127 1\/2 , MCA rose 1 1\/8 to 65 5\/8 and McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 67 1\/8 . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 . 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process . 
CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment . 
Revenue : $ 3.57 billion 
On Friday , one analyst said , rank-and-file workers ratified a new labor agreement ending a three-month strike at the Highland Valley mine in British Columbia . 
Rising office vacancy rates in Fairfield County , Conn. , have builders and bankers scrambling to restructure loans . 
The OTS did n't say specifically why the action was taken against Ms. Garman . 
Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . 
CBOE Chairman Alger `` Duke '' Chapman , said that , unlike the futures market , the options exchange has to open in a rotation that allows each different options series to trade . 
`` They are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal . '' 
Instead , CBS hopes the show will increasingly highlight the talent agency and the business of being an agent . 
John Spencer Churchill , a nephew of the late Sir Winston Churchill , former prime minister of Great Britain , is n't that impressed with most name-droppers he meets . 
Norwood , Mass.-based Phoenix , a once-high-flying maker of software for personal computers , has had substantial losses in the past two quarters . 
`` It 's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs , '' said Chairman James Sasser ( D. , Tenn . ) of the Senate Budget Committee , who said he would oppose the request . 
Mr. Glazer could n't immediately be reached to comment . 
Ingersoll has 28 dailies and 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe . 
A toxic-waste-dump fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer . 
In November 1987 , Sotheby 's essentially offered a Wall Street-style `` bridge loan '' of about $ 27 million to Australian businessman Alan Bond to enable him to purchase Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' for $ 53.9 million . 
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
Rescue crews , however , gave up hope that others would be found alive under the collapsed roadway . 
He says his team could n't tell whether accounts receivable had been paid or not . 
That cut short the rally in Treasury bonds and depressed prices moderately below late Monday 's levels . 
Japanese retail executives say the main reason they are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. is that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles . 
Through the longstanding relationship between the two companies , Mitsukoshi has opened 22 Tiffany shops in its stores and arcades in Japan . 
Several Big Board firms are organizing to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
The company previously said that the recent acquisition of Mobile Communications Corp. of America would dilute 1989 earnings by about 3 % . 
And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors , who can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars into the market in the next few years . 
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
In April 1987 , evidence surfaced that commissions were paid . 
He said the recent decline in copper stocks was misleading in the face of a slowdown in manufacturing . 
`` I personally do n't enjoy seeing players who I remember vividly from their playing days running about and being gallant about their deficiencies , '' says Roger Angell , New Yorker magazine 's resident baseball sage . 
Firms that are paying employment taxes also provide leads to competitors that are n't , he says . 
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications . 
But the new statistics show that by September , the burst in spending seemed to be tapering off . 
But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
Each $ 5000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 15 , 1989 , to Oct. 18 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 23 . 
The settlement stems from charges that Better Book , now defunct , made misrepresentations in selling advertising for the directories and memberships in the bureau from 1984 to 1986 . 
`` At this stage it was felt I was perhaps more pertinent as chief executive . '' 
The company said fiscal 1989 revenue increased about 30 % to more than $ 32 million from $ 25.3 million . 
Separately , the National Science Foundation is promised a 7.7 % increase to bring its appropriations to $ 2.07 billion . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Carbide closed at $ 24.50 a share , down 50 cents . 
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $ 3.84 billion plan , Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel 's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation . 
In addition , changes in short interest in some stocks may be caused by arbitrage . 
Those activities generated $ 26.1 million in operating profit last year . 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 . 
We 're talking real money . 
Frank Mingo Dies at 49 
Mr. Sherry declined to comment when asked about the sales . 
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 . 
They have offered bundles of homeequity loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy vacation time-shares . 
And the Treasury said residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period . 
Two weeks after boosting base rates to 15 % , he pledged that `` rates will have to remain high for some time to come . '' 
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money . 
They concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment . 
Before taking any action , he advised the panel to `` see what the market has produced as a cure . '' 
Britain 's Monopolies and Mergers Commission Wednesday cleared Rhone-Poulenc S.A. 's purchase of a specialty bulk-chemical unit from Monsanto Co. , saying the purchase was unlikely to have any lasting impact on U.K. industrial consumers . 
Nevertheless , an ANC rally by any other name is still an ANC rally . 
The other bidders , New England Electric System , Westboro , Mass. , and PS of New Hampshire , did n't change the value of their bids , although PS of New Hampshire changed its rate proposal . 
The Food and Drug Administration had raised questions about the device 's design . 
Gov. George Deukmejian and key legislators agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake . 
`` The pain is too great . 
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development . 
The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills . 
Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications . 
Gone is D. Joseph Corr , the airline 's chairman , chief executive and president , appointed only last December . 
According to West German government sources , Mr. Honecker and several senior Politburo members fought over the last week to delay any decisions about a leadership change . 
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan . 
American education 's future will be determined by the degree to which we -- all of us -- allow this common sense to prevail over the illusions that we also share . 
We were lucky . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
Earlier this week , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard A. Shevardnadze confessed that the U.S.S.R. ignored universal human values by invading Afghanistan and , to put it bluntly , `` engaged in a violation of the ABM Treaty '' by building its radar station at Krasnoyarsk . 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
Moreover , sports has `` claimed its place '' as a guaranteed ratings-getter , says David J. Stern , the commissioner of the National Basketball Association . 
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352-mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss . 
Small investors perceive that `` big operators '' dominate the market , said Thomas O'Hara , chairman of the National Association of Investors and head of the exchange 's Individual Investors Advisory Committee set up after the 1987 crash . 
Company officials said over the weekend that Qintex Australia 's bank creditors have become concerned about a barrage of bad news at the company , including a failed US$ 1.5 billion plan to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co. , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , movie and television production concern . 
East Germany yesterday removed Erich Honecker , one of the staunchest holdouts against the reform rumbling through the Communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly rebellious citizens . 
The Attorney General 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book . 
Friday , October 27 , 1989 
In Western , market-driven countries , recessions often have a bright side : prodding the economy to greater efficiency . 
Dow Jones & Co. recently reported net fell 9.9 % , a reflection , in part , of continued softness in financial advertising at The Wall Street Journal and Barron 's magazine . 
`` So we did it over , '' he adds . 
Litigation consulting had arrived . 
Mr. Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans . 
Being held well below capacity greatly irritates them , and has led to widespread cheating . 
Interest during first year paid semiannually at 7.51 % . 
`` We are all very amiable , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
`` Oh no . 
He succeeds John A. Boudreau , who resigned for personal reasons . 
Even at this early stage , drugs caused additional concerns . 
Latin American countries have long urged Canada to join the OAS in the hopes that it would be a counterweight to the U.S. , which for many years tended to dominate the 32-nation organization . 
Terms have n't been finalized , but the transaction is expected to close by year end , Pacific First said . 
He said there are two reports this week that might affect prices : the purchasing managers report on Wednesday and the unemployment report on Friday . 
IBM 's push is also unusual in its approach to marketing . 
An analyst cited weaker capital spending and exports . 
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete . 
Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said . 
Like many OTC growth issues , they have market values -- as measured by stock price times shares outstanding -- of roughly $ 100 million to $ 500 million . 
Sen. Boren said , `` It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
But it was opposed by some environmentalists as a threat to Irian Jaya 's forests and a potential source of social unrest for the primitive tribes who inhabit them . 
For financial analysts , reading Omni 's accounts is a tough challenge . 
His duties will be taken over by Anthony Richmond-Watson , who has been elected deputy chairman . 
Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions . 
The real answer to curbing wild swings in stock prices , they say , might be to curb or even abolish stock-index futures . 
Completion of the exchange offer is subject to the tender of at least 80 % of the debt , among other things . 
One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment , reflecting service companies ' hunger for work . 
Although it 's unclear how much exposure the London market will face , U.K. underwriters traditionally have a large reinsurance exposure to U.S. catastrophe coverage . 
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi . 
Bethlehem said earlier this year that it planned to restructure the BethForge division to improve its cost structure . 
According to Mr. Korotich , who was present , Mr. Gorbachev 's publicized tongue-lashing of the press on Oct. 13 was more of a plea : `` Be careful boys ; use good judgment . 
Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside . 
`` Yet even a relatively strong number -- 2.8 % to 2.9 % -- wo n't alter the market 's view that the economy is softening . '' 
When Lincoln was seized by the government , for example , 15 % of its loans , or $ 250 million , were to borrowers who were buying real estate from one of American Continental 's 50 other subsidiaries , according to Mr. Seidman . 
An Eastern spokesman said `` the $ 40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of Eastern 's plan . 
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council . 
`` It 's better to wait . '' 
In the last hour of the trading day , December contract took a tumble to end the session 10 cents lower at $ 19.62 a barrel . 
In the process HUD has wasted untold billions , created slums and invited corruption . 
Of the major New York-based securities firms , only Morgan Stanley & Co. still calls its salespeople brokers . 
His dismissal triggered a furor among intellectuals that continues today . 
Remarketers make modifications to IBM 's computer hardware and resell the products . 
`` They 're dead wrong . '' 
The perception lingers , says an official at a major industrial company . 
But Mr. Luzon contends that the experienced team he brought with him from Banco Bilbao Vizcaya , where he was formerly director general , will whip the bank 's capital market division into shape by the end of 1992 . 
That finding , the report says , casts doubt on the record industry 's contention that the new generation of digital recording equipment will inevitably lead to wholesale abuse of copyrighted material by home tapers . 
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . 
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . '' 
Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all . 
Wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue . 
`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report . 
The Fleet Street reaction was captured in the Guardian headline , `` Departure Reveals Thatcher Poison . '' 
Nick Cortese thinks that 's what happened to him . 
It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % . 
Sony added that a hearing has been set for Thursday in the Delaware Chancery Court in one of the suits . 
The petite , 29-year-old Ms. Johnson , dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt as she slogs through the steady afternoon rain , is a claims adjuster with Aetna Life & Casualty . 
In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share . 
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction . 
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines . 
`` We are positioned to come through , '' he said , noting that the company 's backlog was up from the previous quarter . 
An Arkansas native , he started at guard on the undefeated 1964 University of Arkansas team that won a national championship . 
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi , as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups . 
The trust also owns half of Manville 's 48 million common shares outstanding . 
Many of those `` cyclical '' issues are in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which fell 26.23 to 2662.91 . 
Silver , now trading around $ 5 an ounce , surged to an all-time peak of $ 50 an ounce in January 1980 from around $ 9 in mid-1979 . 
`` Progressive education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction . 
`` The small , good fur salon is not what it used to be , '' says Mr. Purnick , 75 years old . 
For example , the iced-tea radio campaign for Thomas J. Lipton Co. , an Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , unit of Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group , emphatically proclaims : `` Real Texans do not wear dock-siders -- ever . 
The current flood of third-quarter reports are producing many more negative surprises than positive ones . 
The company 's total firm backlog of unfilled orders at Sept. 30 stood at a mighty $ 69.1 billion , compared with $ 53.6 billion at the end of 
The year-ago quarter 's results include an after-tax charge of $ 5.9 million from the sale of a winery in Spain . 
As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer . 
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 . 
They say insurance companies use policies aimed at excluding bad risks because their competitors do . 
In Europe , the dollar closed slightly up in a market dominated by cross trades . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district\/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits . 
He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents and that `` the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner . '' 
`` The ultimate punishment , '' he declared , `` will protect the law-abiding from the vicious , cruel individuals who commit these crimes . '' 
For example , disaster loans , which will go to small businesses and homeowners , offer credit as low as 4 % in some cases . 
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago . 
Treasury officials say the Costa Rican agreement demonstrates that the Brady debt plan can benefit small debtor countries as well as big debtors , such as Mexico . 
I have never seen a case of incompetence shared by so many participants . '' 
Social Security and spending for poor people are exempted . 
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time . 
For the nine months , the company expects to post a net loss of about $ 879,000 , or 35 cents to 40 cents a share , on revenue of $ 6.5 million . 
Their reaction was to do nothing and ride it out . '' 
They added that the settlement is the culmination of a 2 1\/2-year investigation into the company 's aluminum pricing practices in connection with KC-135s . 
In recent days , Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image . 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
Mr. Savaiko believes that if copper falls below the bottom of this range the next significant support level will be about $ 1.04 . 
Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment . 
With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it . 
Without the gain , operating profit was $ 64 million , or 71 cents a share . 
But last June 's annnouncement that Westinghouse would put up all of the $ 70 million to build a new 55-megawatt plant could herald a new age . 
He argues that Michael Foods is misunderstood : `` This is a growth company in the packaged food industry -- a rare breed , like finding a white rhino . '' 
Ballooning at the de rigueur hour of 6 a.m. held all the attraction for most people of sunrise root-canal work . 
`` We do n't need the shelter of tax-free bonds , '' said a spokeswoman at Chemical . 
A second decision , handed down in August by the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , is another blow against scholarship . 
Some analysts say investors will begin paying more attention to earnings , partly in response to the latest round of disappointments . 
The latest round of losses is likely to be a serious blow to the Chicago Board Options Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the aftershock of Black Monday , when investors fled the market because of huge losses . 
He was superb . 
The $ 13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day . 
`` They are becoming more independent . 
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month-old strike by workers at the facility . 
American Brands `` just had a different approach , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
The joke here is that the Giants lost by de fault . 
Between 1985 and 1988 , sales multipled more than 10 times and pretax profit surged almost twelvefold . 
The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since Mr. Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution . 
His meals are most often prepared by women he trusts -- his full-time mistress , Vicky Amado , and her mother , Norma . 
Hiroyuki Wada , general manager of the stock department at Okasan Securities , said Monday 's trading was `` unfocused . '' 
The close was the highest since Aug. 15 . 
Nevertheless , the administration 's criticisms appeared to have made some headway with Sens. Boren and Cohen after their Oct. 12 meeting with the president . 
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs . 
Officials at Options Clearing Corp. , which processes all options trades for U.S. exchanges , said that the $ 50 million guarantee was unprecedented , but was necessary to help insure the integrity of the options markets . 
The offering , with an expected average life of 3.2 years , will float monthly at 20 basis points above the rate on an index of 30-day double-A-rated commercial paper , which now yields about 8.50 % . 
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said . 
I attend , and so does a television crew from New York City . 
The ratings service said the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company 's financial condition . 
Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged . 
And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders '' as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive . 
The guest paid his bill at the resort hotel , and as he departed he noticed a sign saying , `` Have You Left Anything ? '' 
Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point . 
Other major players in intimate apparel apparently feel the same way . 
Robert F. Singleton , Knight-Ridder 's chief financial officer , said the company was `` pleased '' with its overall performance , despite only single-digit growth in newspaper revenue . 
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever . 
And while imposing a statutory cap of $ 1.6 billion on future spending , the bill would give NASA $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe . 
For now , he says , `` we 're looking at buying some small companies with niche markets in the personal-computer business . '' 
The naczelnik stands , too . 
The new Mips machine , called the RC6280 , will cost $ 150,000 for a basic system . 
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War . 
Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected . 
`` The intensive labor needed to manufacture furs { in the U.S. . } is not as available as it was , '' says Mr. Schreibman , who is starting overseas production . 
I would tend to trust their judgment . '' 
Because of program trading it is more difficult to trade many OTC stocks without sharp price moves , a condition known as illiquidity . 
Amtrak said it planned to resume some train operations to Oakland late yesterday . 
It was `` the Soviets ' Vietnam . '' 
Lep Group PLC of Britain , which holds a 62.42 % stake in Profit Systems Inc. , said it is considering courses of action that could result in its having `` active control '' of the company . 
When the Soviets announced their last soldier had left Afghanistan in February , the voices of skepticism were all but drowned out by an international chorus of euphoria . 
`` They always seem to come a bit later than you expect . 
At the same time , they contend that a reduction of NATO forces under a treaty will increase the possibility of a conventional Soviet attack unless the West retains a residual force of nuclear weapons in Europe . 
But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this `` does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues . '' 
Once production hurdles are overcome , the chips could take over a significant part of the market . 
Good for nothing . 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
Market makers buy what investors wish to sell ; their business is reselling these unwanted positions as quickly as possible to other investors , and at a profit . 
Salaam . 
It has since asked holders not to immediately tender their shares under a recent $ 72-a-share , or $ 104 million , bid from AB SKF of Sweden , until McGill directors have completed their evaluation . 
Complying with environmental and workplace regulations runs a close second . 
The convertible capital appreciation bonds all yield 7.25 % to their respective conversion dates , when they become 7 1\/4 % current interest-bearing bonds until maturity . 
Second , the $ 5,760 I 'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 10 years of inflation ; Amex , not I , would get the benefit of the investment income on my money , income that would have exceeded the inflation rate and thus given the company a real profit . 
`` I 'm not interested , '' said Dallas investor Harold Simmons . 
Privately , exchange officials worry that without a hospitable system for program trading at the Big Board , billions of dollars in trading will simply migrate to overseas exchanges such as London 's . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
As evidence , he cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 3 billion bid for American Medical International Inc. in which Chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor . 
On some occasions when Mr. Dinkins has discussed the issues during the campaign , he has run into a familiar kind of trouble . 
Iverson 's earnings plunged 70 % to $ 1.2 million . 
At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent ; they are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses . 
The cable and TV station company was an LBO of an LBO , a set of assets that were leveraged twice , enabling the blue-chip buy-out king Henry Kravis in 1987 to take more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the com - pany . 
In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana . 
Still , employees do occasionally try to smuggle out a gem or two . 
Hewlett announced last week that it planned to ship a computer based on the 486 chip early next year . 
An Asian bloc is n't intended , he said . 
With investment banking as Kidder 's `` lead business , '' where do Kidder 's 42-branch brokerage network and its 1,400 brokers fit in ? 
And the new syndicated `` reality '' show `` Hard Copy '' records viewers ' opinions for possible airing on the next day 's show . 
Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor , Mr. Honecker , but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators . 
Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980 . 
New Canaan Investments Inc. said it closed the acquisition of Carr-Lowrey Glass Co. from Newell Co. , a Freeport , Ill. , maker of do-it-yourself home products . 
So after 70 years , it is confessing the obvious , hoping to be believed about other things . 
`` Hostile '' thus entered the merger-acquisition lexicon . 
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually . 
Various ministries decided the products businessmen could produce and how much ; and government-owned banks controlled the financing of projects and monitored whether companies came through on promised plans . 
The government will try to sell all the real estate managed by the Federal Asset Disposition Association in one fell swoop , said William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp . 
All major roadways except Interstate 880 , known as the Nimitz Freeway , and the Bay Bridge were open by 1 p.m. yesterday . 
Oppenheimer & Co. was the lead underwriter . 
`` But they did n't have to choose this particular moment . '' 
The high court 's action , refusing to hear appeals by several drug companies , is likely to have a significant impact at several levels . 
As previously reported , Helionetics emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection in February . 
`` We 've had dictation . '' 
According to the Middle East Economic Survey , the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline , expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion . 
Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey , advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon , and cheerfully informed him that he and his fellow Democrats were to blame . 
Finally , the government has to convince a rattled financial community -- and voters -- it is proceeding coherently toward its goals . 
The contract fell five points at the open to 323.85 , the maximum opening move allowed under safeguards adopted by the Merc to stem a market slide . 
But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy . 
Otherwise , they 'd be watching programs that are no different in quality from what they currently view on color TVs . 
As early as move six , Mr. Kasparov deviated from a well-known sequence of moves , developing a knight instead of making a standard bishop attack against the computer 's advanced knight . 
But the total value of the prizes was only $ 5,000 and most `` winners '' will receive just 10 cents , according to the attorney general 's office . 
The pressure for change will rise with costs . 
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval . 
As we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit . 
Congress closed this loophole last year , or thought it did . 
An important element of this phenomenon -- the now-shaky market for junk bonds , used often to finance restructurings and takeovers -- continued to cast a pall over stocks . 
The South was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the North Central region was up 3 % . 
Kurt Kruger , who follows the stock for Hambrecht & Quist , anticipates that the company 's net income will grow 51 % to $ 2.15 a share this year . 
Some supporters of Israel say U.S. policy on Palestinian terrorism is colored by an intense desire to maintain the dialogue with the PLO . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 31 . 
Mr. Davis had paid $ 6 million for Citicorp 's backing of his last bid . 
Adm. Goupil rejected Dassault 's proposal to renovate the Crusaders , saying the cost was impossible to estimate . 
`` If the { new } deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % , that would be a point in our favor , '' he said . 
The Thurmond bill would also add five new crimes punishable by death , including murder for hire . 
It took me a half-hour to move 10 feet from my parking spot in an outer lot to an aisle , and an additional hour to reach an inner roadway a half-block away . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 378.87 an ounce . 
`` I 've ripped out a lot of Delicious '' and grafted the trees with many different shoots , says Steve Wood , a West Lebanon , N.H. , grower , tramping through his 100-acre Poverty Lane Orchard on a crisp autumn day recently . 
Sentiment was helped by the small gain made by New York stocks Wednesday despite anxiety over possible effects of the major earthquake that struck northern California Tuesday . 
Combustion Engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold Illinois Minerals Co. , based in Cairo , Ill . 
Mr. Henning is a Chicago-based law firm management consultant and a writer . 
Asked about the consultants ' reports , an Eastern spokeswoman said `` we totally disagree . '' 
The standoff over abortion is certain to contribute to further delays and , apart from the health and education measure vetoed by Mr. Bush , bills funding the District of Columbia and the entire U.S. foreign-aid budget are in jeopardy because of related abortion or family-planning issues . 
AEG AG and Siemens AG said they will launch their previously announced joint venture for power semiconductors in January . 
The firm is getting about 50 calls a day , and the average call lasts about 15 minutes . 
Mortgage securities ended little changed after light dealings . 
In every presidential election over the past half century , except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy , the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress . 
Osamu Nagayama , deputy president of Chugai , which spends about 15 % of its sales on research and development , was unable to pinpoint how much money Chugai would pump into Gen-Probe . 
They stopped short of resuming diplomatic ties , severed in 1979 . 
Charlotte Carpenter Bainbridge Island , Wash . 
Bob Stone stewed over a letter from his manager putting him on probation for insubordination . 
Their reluctance to support the proposal is another blow to the capital-gains cut , which has had a roller-coaster existence since the beginning of the year , when it was considered dead and then suddenly revived and was passed by the House . 
Yaohan Departmentstore Co. of Japan is moving its international-operations headquarters and holding company to Hong Kong to gain from the British colony 's economic advantages and tax structure . 
Coastal would n't disclose the terms . 
Berlitz , which is based in Princeton , N.J. , provides language instruction and translation services through more than 260 language centers in 25 countries . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Rather , they reflect the Bank 's time-tested , pragmatic approach , which aims at ensuring that developing countries put their scarce resources to the best possible use . 
Allstate Insurance Co. , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , said about 23 % of its personal property policyholders -- about 28 % in the San Franciso area -- also have earthquake coverage . 
It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash , but this time it was different . 
Its 1988 revenue was $ 25 million . 
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first . 
The problem is that Japanese businesses make decisions with a view well beyond the coming months that weigh so heavily on Mr. Salinas . 
Baltimore Gas & Electric Co. -- $ 100 million of first and refunding mortgage bonds , due Oct. 15 , 1999 , through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , offered at par to yield 8.40 % . 
Regie Nationale des Usines Renault , the French auto maker , has a concept car called the Megane . 
Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been `` atrocious , '' the company nonetheless is attractive as a `` classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . '' 
Many companies will be negotiating their 1990 reinsurance contracts in the next few weeks . 
Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) of the House Appropriations Committee proposed a $ 2.85 billion emergency funding package to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo . 
In San Francisco , small businesses are urging passage of a local initiative to build a new $ 95 million downtown baseball stadium ; they believe it will spur retail sales and hotel-restaurant business . 
In its appeal to the high court , the agency said the federal appeals court ruling , which favored LTV , threatened to transform the agency from an insurer of troubled pension plans into an `` open-ended source of industry bailouts . '' 
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
At Canon Inc. , for example , sales are up nearly 20 % this year ; so , the maker of cameras and computer printers is doing what any Japanese company would do under the circumstances : It is increasing capital spending -- by 60 % . 
As a first-time candidate , he has been slow to learn the nuances of New York City politicking . 
The returns landed in the hands of an Internal Revenue Service criminal investigator , Samuel James Baker . 
Mike Greece Former Air Force Career Officer New York 
These shares will be bought by SIBV-MS Holdings at $ 41.75 each after the acquisition of the minority shares . 
Now , scholars in fulfilling their responsibility do not claim the right to invade every collection of papers that bears upon their topics of investigation . 
Markets -- 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
A Bankers Trust spokesman said that the company 's investment arm uses stock-index arbitrage to enhance investors ' returns . 
But major packaged-goods players of the world -- such as Procter & Gamble , Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever -- have steadfastly eluded the agency . 
As it stands now , the government would continue to hold 45 % of Picop after the 36 % stake is sold . 
Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said . 
Reasons for the collapse of the Nimitz Freeway were sketchy yesterday . 
Richard Stoltzman has taken a gentler , more audience-friendly approach . 
One dealer said the talk was that the firm sold about $ 500 million of bellwether 30-year bonds . 
Bally bought the former MGM Grand hotel-casino from Kirk Kerkorian four years ago . 
Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
Among possible delays , the sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half . 
'' In such circumstances , free-speech interests outweighed the interests of the copyright owner . 
We ran into the house to get Mame , but the next tremor threw me in the air and bounced me as I tried to get to my feet . 
The house itself , located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 , was pushed about four feet off its foundation and then collapsed into its basement . 
The company has n't been able to come up with a reorganization plan , in part , because of the sizable disagreement with the pension agency . 
Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements . 
Westinghouse expects to meet its corporate goals despite a softening in the economy . 
Among other stocks involved in restructurings or rumored to be so : Holiday Corp. gained 1 7\/8 to 73 and Honeywell rose 2 7\/8 to 81 1\/2 . 
Both distributions are payable Dec. 4 to limited partners of record Nov. 3 . 
( Sindona in 1979 faked his `` kidnapping '' for 2 1\/2 months to delay his trial . ) 
Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents . 
Becton , Dickinson & Co. , for example , faces stiff competition from a Japanese supplier in the important syringe market . 
`` Everybody is worried about the possibility of cancellations , '' says Kurt Barnard , publisher of Barnard 's Retail Marketing Report . 
`` It was our first acquisition , '' he says , `` and it was a mistake . '' 
Mr. Gale is an assistant professor of economics at UCLA . 
For the first time since the 1987 crash , traders said that they were able to trade several hundred S&P 500 contracts at a time in a highly liquid market . 
This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues , which gained 111.48 points Wednesday , climbed 266.66 , or 0.76 % , to 35374.22 . 
Mr. Connolly noted that net third-quarter charge-offs , at $ 63 million , improved slightly from the $ 67 million in the second quarter . 
Mr. Cohen , the Drexel general counsel , said , `` I do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
One ad shows a bright red jacket paired with a black leather skirt . 
Seven games ( and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses ) into the season , the `` new '' Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old . 
He was shocked , associates say , to learn of Mr. Icahn 's new takeover threat . 
Thus , the IRS says , the Blandings ' $ 200,000 loan is home-acquisition debt , and interest on it is fully deductible . 
With this year 's dislocations in China and the Soviet Union , and the drive to democracy in Poland and Hungary , the East German leadership grew still more defensive . 
Paramount Communications Inc. , New York , completed the sale of its Associates Corp. consumer and commercial finance subsidiary to a unit of Ford Motor Co. for $ 3.35 billion . 
But some money managers are doing just that . 
The only extra people were a couple of personnel specialists , one of whom knew Mr. Stone 's case intimately and would help fill in any facts needed to give the court the full picture . 
Sentencing was postponed on Aug. 18 , when Mr. Krisher was hospitalized for depression . 
No phones . 
But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ? 
But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , `` Is this not Anti-Christ ? 
`` Customized '' baskets of fewer stocks will also be available . 
In addition , he says , publishing the names of lawyers who are facing charges unnecessarily subjects them to public derogation . 
James River , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey . 
A decline in Allied-Signal Inc. 's automotive business contributed to flat sales and only slightly higher earnings in the third quarter . 
Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds . 
But others said pico should proceed . 
Boston 's Advent International raises $ 230 million from U.S. pension funds and other institutions to invest in Europe . 
The move is likely to anger traders . 
He is a mechanical engineer , not an atmospheric chemist . 
A Taxpayers Union study concluded the bill would save taxpayers up to $ 9.3 billion in barrier-island subsidies over 20 years . 
It earned $ 3.46 billion on revenue of $ 91.21 billion in the 1988 nine months . 
`` They ought to be able to do this . '' 
A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress ( I ) Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal and no payment to any Indian individual or company . 
Pretax profit was estimated at 23.0 billion yen , down from 25.51 billion yen , while net income was estimated at 12 billion yen , up from 11.95 billion yen . 
Other analysts say that estimate is low . 
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market . 
MeraBank 's rating for short-term deposits remains Not Prime . 
It led to broad market speculation that Paribas now will sweeten its bid , which is expected to be formally launched later this week , after approval from French government regulators . 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever . 
The consensus from the scientific community is that there is sufficient evidence to advise major policy changes . 
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract means Central Maine Power has lost its place in line . 
DESPITE GROWING interest in the environment , U.S. consumers have n't shown much interest in refillable packages for household products . 
The move by the nation 's largest steelmaker follows a string of earlier announcements by other major steel companies . 
The Federal Bureau of Investigation is slated to receive $ 30 million by charging for fingerprint services in civil cases , and the judiciary will rely on another $ 32 million from bankruptcy charges , including a 33 % increase in the current filing fee . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 . 
They want to do more . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract . 
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C . 
Recession fears are springing up again among investors . 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.80 yen , down from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.40 yen . 
In 1991 , the Soviets will take a Japanese journalist into space , the first Japanese to go into orbit . 
If housing prices continue to fall , many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses . 
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair . 
`` Anne does n't believe in blandness , '' said Ms. Smith . 
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . '' 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
After Mr. Ackerman announced he was soliciting consents from shareholders in order to wrest control of Datapoint from Mr. Edelman , the corporate raider purchased 30 % of Datapoint 's shares . 
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker `` as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated . 
However , unacceptable though those occurrences may have been , they still provide no excuse for wholesale departures from truth . 
It 's all in this handout you do n't want to look at . 
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies . 
The group , Mr. Wohlstetter said in an interview , wants to end the market 's wild price swings that critics blame on computer-aided program-trading strategies . 
From 1974 to 1984 , prices for the best yearlings at the summer sales rose 918 % to an average of $ 544,681 . 
To combat that problem , National Geographic , like other magazines , began offering regional editions allowing advertisers to appear in only a portion of its magazines -- for example , ads can run only in the magazines sent to subscribers in the largest 25 markets . 
For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one -- or maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script , and Jonathan Kaplan 's ( `` The Accused '' ) dull direction . 
In London , the Financial Times 100-share index finished 30.1 points higher at 2112.2 . 
The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth . 
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
At least six of the deaths occurred among relatively young diabetics who had switched from animal to human insulin within the past year , he said . 
Bonds due 1991-1996 carry 6.70 % coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 carry 6 3\/4 % coupons . 
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods . 
It would make sense for somebody to do it . 
The two sides have been far apart on how much Herbert Hunt will continue to owe the government after his assets are sold . 
Years later , with cash from the sale of the insurance company , he founded Arkoma Production Corp. , an oil and gas exploration company based in Little Rock . 
Some of the coal the plants buy will come from Westmoreland mines . 
First Tennessee National Corp. said it would take a $ 4 million charge in the fourth quarter , as a result of plans to expand its systems operation . 
Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing . 
Revenue fell 5.8 % to $ 407.9 million from $ 433.2 million . 
Under a post-1987 crash reform , the Chicago Mercantile Exchange would n't permit the December S&P futures to fall further than 12 points for a half hour . 
At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled . 
The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
The people with a stake in Nevada 's gambling industry believe that they have barely tapped the potentially huge family trade . 
They are all priced at par . 
The 62-year-old Mr. Dinkins , an ex-Marine , has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president , a job with limited executive responsibilities 
Mr. Bergsma said world-wide industry sales of aramid fibers are expected to total about $ 500 million this year . 
Futures `` do n't need defending , '' says Andrew Yemma , a spokesman for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , which trades the S&P 500 , by far the largest stock-index futures contract . 
And the ad copy is cheeky : `` How can you be a Wall Street hot shot without at least one Brooks Brothers suit in your portfolio ? '' 
For the third quarter , operating profit from Carbide 's chemicals and plastics business fell to $ 238 million from $ 352 million a year ago , before accounting for taxes and interest expense . 
The product , developed by Desktop Data Corp. , a new company based in Waltham , Mass. , scans the wires looking for articles that contain key words specified by the user . 
About $ 60 million streamed out last week alone , double the level of the week following last month 's Campeau Corp. credit squeeze . 
Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ? 
Mr. Laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong . 
Cray said its order backlog at Sept. 30 was $ 315 million , down $ 25 million from June 30 . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3406.31 , off 
Under the new plan being considered , the notes would reset annually at a rate to maintain a market value of 101 . 
An inflation gauge that measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services slowed its growth to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter from 5 % in the second . 
They wanted a machine that would allow them to pedal into rugged terrain then inaccessible to cycles . 
Computer Sciences said its work will improve mail-processing efficiency . 
Control Data Corp. said it licensed its airline yield-management software to the International Air Transport Association . 
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained . 
But the Tax Court said the limitations were reasonable and realistic and allowed the deductions . 
With Japan running enormous trade surpluses against much of the world , they think that Japan should meet the increased domestic demand by importing more . 
But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend . 
Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research . 
Mexico , with its desperate need for investment , and Japan , with its huge budget surplus , would seem like a perfect match . 
Within two years , the moderates were exiled or in prison , Nicaragua had gone communist , and the Sandinistas were building one of the biggest armies in Latin America and threatening their neighbors . 
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities . 
One roustabout , hanging by his hands from a ladder , bounces his weight on a three-foot wrench to loosen a stuck fitting . 
But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me . 
So far , no ally has complained openly , preserving the impression that NATO is in line with the Bush position that a quick agreement bringing Soviet conventional forces down to parity with NATO is the West 's top bargaining priority . 
`` It was quite a shock , '' says a 43-year-old East German shopkeeper . 
On the pricing front , an 11-class issue of $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp . 
The accord , which covers $ 52.7 billion of Mexico 's medium - and long-term debt , is expected to go into effect in early 
It began in 1973 , when he was being considered for deputy mayor , and a routine check unearthed the extraordinary fact that he had n't paid his income tax for the previous four years . 
`` There 's pretty good evidence that utilization management has reduced inappropriate hospitalization , '' he said . 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
`` We cleared out a lot of rats ' nests , '' says the 60-year-old security veteran . 
Earlier this month , the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , the country 's central bank , appointed the managers to run the investment bank and pay creditors . 
-- Junior football player . 
Real estate analyst Lloyd Lynford says the Northeast 's distress is masked by relatively low vacancy rates . 
She said Quotron switched to a backup system until the problems were corrected . 
`` It 's very revealing and soul baring , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
Airborne Freight climbed 1 1\/8 to 38 1\/2 . 
They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities . 
`` Traffic is certainly a concern , as is pollution , water and an adequate labor market , '' says Frank Sain , executive director of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau . 
The merger requires the approval of Norwegian authorities . 
`` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . 
But Democratic Sen. Bennett Johnson of Louisiana reminded the little band that anti-Bork blacks and women could furnish the margin to punish them in their next Senate elections . 
That could change , thanks to lower long-distance rates and cheaper electronics . 
The decision , which affects millions of dollars of trading positions , was made late yesterday because the Pacific exchange 's options floor was shut down as a result of Tuesday 's earthquake . 
In this scenario it 's hard to imagine that a pale imitation of the Federal Republic could avoid being pulled into some kind of tie -- economic , federal or stronger -- with West Germany . 
He said it also agreed to sell a portion of its European real estate unit for $ 37 million . 
Esselte Business Systems rose 1 to 43 1\/2 . 
The team used a battery of the newly developed `` gene probes , '' snippets of genetic material that can track a gene 's presence in a cell . 
Among the things I learned covering the World Series these past few weeks is that the Richter scale , which measures earthquakes , is n't like the one in your bathroom . 
The individual voter 's standing consequently will be enhanced through lower taxes . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
Behind second-place Morgan Stanley were Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit . 
However , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member . 
The U.S. , as the major drug consumer , should lead this joint effort . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Connaught closed at $ 28.625 , up $ 1.25 . 
Chiron Corp. , an Emeryville , Calif. , biotechnology firm , is seeing if the Phillips yeast can be used to make its genetically engineered human proteins . 
It did n't say by how much . 
`` The blood flows to your head , you feel lightheaded and you do n't feel tension around the head or neck , '' says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
They talked of the home run . 
Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash her apartment , tearing down drapes , smashing walls ? 
The notes will have a principal amount of $ 300 million at maturity . 
Merrill Lynch cut its rating and 1990 earnings estimate Thursday , citing weakness in its credit-rating business . 
What 's more , the seven mail personnel aboard were missing . 
He succeeded Pat Brown , who was fired by the Alley board 18 months ago . 
GOP leaders continued to press for a vote on the amendment to the Eastern Europe aid measure . 
One immediate source of money is an emergency fund set up by Gov. Deukmejian . 
They were old-fashioned elegant gentlemen , who happened to be of German Jewish extraction . 
However , Tesoro , based in Houston , already has rejected a suitor in the past year . 
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Crouched at shortstop , Bert Campaneris , once Oakland 's master thief , effortlessly scoops up a groundball and flips it to second . 
Some industry observers say that Mitsukoshi 's classy image makes it a possible match for Saks Fifth Avenue . 
Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... . 
To help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into mainstream America . 
In the beginning , the treasury secretary and the comptroller of the currency were both ex officio members of the Federal Reserve Board . 
He blames imports . 
He was back in jail over the summer on shoplifting charges . 
Many funds allow investors to void orders before the close of trading . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.03 billion . 
First-round draft picks have done even better : Average salaries and bonuses for them rose to $ 685,000 this year , up 44 % from 1987 . 
First , why ticket splitting has increased and taken the peculiar pattern that it has over the past half century : Prior to the election of Franklin Roosevelt as president and the advent of the New Deal , government occupied a much smaller role in society and the prisoner 's dilemma problem confronting voters in races for Congress was considerably less severe . 
He plans to tell clients to pay certain fees directly to the foundation instead of to him ; he would omit those fees from income reported on his return . 
Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products . 
Meanwhile , at home , Mitsubishi has control of some major projects . 
In the year-earlier fourth quarter , the company had profit of $ 2.7 million , or 15 cents a share . 
`` My feeling is { Cathay does n't } have a hope in the long run , '' says an analyst , who declines to be identified . 
By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out , and executed gradually , during market rallies . 
The dividend is payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 15 . 
A bright spot is the company 's power-generation business , which is experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years . 
The posters were sold for $ 1,300 to $ 6,000 , although the government says they had a value of only $ 53 to $ 200 apiece . 
Then suddenly Ike 's ghost came to visit and said , `` What the hell are you doing planning for a land war in Asia 12,000 miles away ? 
But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken . 
The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said . 
In that case , a group of left-leaning sociologists interviewed 252 registered voters around Harrisburg . 
SYDNEY-Qintex Australia Ltd. , under pressure from bank lenders , has called in accounting firm Peat Marwick Hungerfords to help oversee asset sales and restructure the resorts and media company . 
So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months , fallen in four months and remained unchanged in the other month . 
So Campbell is talking to its `` brand enthusiasts , '' probing their psychological attachment to its soup . 
Even now , the American attack upon this tremendous problem is timid in relation to the magnitude of the threat . 
James Linsey , a lawyer for the Air Line Pilots Association , said the pilots were extremely pleased . 
Builders get away with using sand and financiers junk when society decides it 's okay , necessary even , to look the other way . 
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities . 
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
`` Where the hell are they gon na live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ? 
And Gorky , considered the father of Soviet socialist realism , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques . 
Quoting from the report : `` The stock 's narrow discount to asset valuation makes it a relatively unappealing investment at current prices , especially given the risk that our projections could be on the aggressive side . '' 
Prudential Insurance is based in Newark , N.J . 
There is no way to get an ambulance in quickly to move him to a hospital . 
Exports made up 46.2 % of the latest year 's total , up from 39.8 % a year ago . 
There are also $ 29 million of 6 3\/4 % certificates due 2019 , priced to yield 7.10 % . 
In Brooklyn and the Bronx , one out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year . 
But buyers are essentially betting on a start-up investment fund with no track record -- and some have been encouraged to borrow to do so . 
She was the only staff physician available to treat AIDS patients last summer and now she has the help of only two doctors part time . 
Kawasaki Steel Corp. bought a Soviet steel-casting patent two years ago and has jointly developed the system with the Soviets . 
So far , the industry 's fourth quarter is n't looking too strong either , prompting many analysts to slash earning projections for the rest of the year by as much as one-fourth . 
Young & Rubicam 's Pact 
In any case , he added , `` most institutions probably wo n't sell '' the bonds . 
And , in addition to a crack team of sailors , Mr. Isler has lined up some real brass to help him finance the syndicate . 
South Korean government officials said they do n't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw , but it can `` offer experience . '' 
The House Appropriations Committee approved an estimated $ 2.85 billion in emergency funding to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and to extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo . 
Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period , says Richard Shaw , vice president of U.S. direct marketing . 
Total Pentagon requests for installations in West Germany , Japan , South Korea , the United Kingdom and the Philippines , for example , are cut by almost two-thirds , while lawmakers added to the military budget for construction in all but a dozen states at home . 
The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share . 
According to Teikoku Data Bank Ltd. , which tracks company earnings , Aichi 's revenue rose 15 % to 49.3 billion yen ( $ 348.4 million ) in the year ended February . 
Radio Shack says it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally . 
Her parents lost everything in the 1906 earthquake . 
The acquisition was completed in September . 
Corporations need liquidity , in the form of borrowed funds . 
The only way you can make it a big deal is to draw linkages that just do n't make sense . '' 
In January , the Preti painting that now hangs at CenTrust was expected to bring no more than $ 700,000 at auction until Mr. Paul came along with his $ 1.15 million . 
Finally , during his first and only state visit to Bonn two years ago , he won some measure of the recognition he had long sought . 
Last year , the company had net income of $ 117.3 million , or $ 1.30 a share . 
Her story is becoming part of local folklore . 
Indeed , according to West German government sources , he was one of the leaders in the power struggle that toppled Mr. Honecker . 
Still , Merkur 's demise is a setback for Ford at a time when the company 's image as the U.S. auto maker with the golden touch is showing signs of strain . 
And the number of rigs active in the U.S. is inching up . 
An ebullient Mr. Johnson , wearing a NASA baseball cap and carrying a camera and binoculars , called the launch `` fantastic . '' 
Mr. Lorenzo , 49 years old , is reclaiming the job that was his before Mr. Corr signed on . 
Mr. Paul was eager to assemble a collection for the headquarters CenTrust has been moving into for the greater part of a year . 
After the close of trading Friday , the Agriculture Department reported that feedlots in the 13 biggest ranch states held 8.06 million cattle on Oct. 1 , down 6 % from that date a year earlier . 
BankAmerica dropped 1 1\/4 to 29 1\/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building . 
Individual Inc. 's technology goes beyond word searches by using a computerized thesaurus . 
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years , each time issuing a similar regulatory statement . 
Mr. Kane said he expects several other companies to join some time after the venture completes a business plan , probably later this week . 
But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick . 
For the government , it has become a highly volatile political issue . 
Mr. Schulte , who met with Acadia representatives on Oct. 10 , said , `` It 's certainly a responsible offer . 
As part of a restructuring announced earlier this year , the company proposed in August to exchange 168 newly issued common shares for each $ 1,000 face value of debt . 
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership . 
`` No matter how competent and smart you both are , the relationship almost certainly will erode if you do n't have time to talk , to have fun and to be sexual , '' says Ms. Shaevitz . 
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world . 
The only Afrikaners who would be willing to work for this salary would n't know how to handle money . '' 
As they conferred near East Berlin , a pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald , and activists threatened further rallies against leader Krenz 's expected hard-line policies . 
The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks . 
The gain compared with a $ 1.10 billion decline in reserve assets in August to $ 62.36 billion , the department said . 
The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded as livestock traders shook off fears that the Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending , which in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork . 
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half . 
The directors said if Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb mail an offer to shareholders by Nov. 22 , it will reimburse them a maximum of C$ 8.5 million for expenses related to a bid . 
On the campaign stump , he often points out that he was the only Board of Estimate member to vote against a controversial real-estate project at Manhattan 's Columbus Circle . 
In coming years , Mr. Cathcart says , Kidder is `` gon na hum . '' 
The relationship between surface release of CFCs and global stratospheric ozone loss was identified back in 1974 . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares . 
As a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city , Mr. Giuliani has an inherent handicap . 
Under the agreement , Healthcare , a manager of health-care facilities , said it would pay HealthVest $ 3.9 million in overdue rent and mortgage payments and repay $ 1.1 million in funds that HealthVest advanced for construction work on facilities . 
Not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect . '' 
Mr. Zipper said the market is still settling down after the recent correction . 
AM radio , which has been losing listeners to FM channels since the 1970s , approaches the 1990s with a diminished voice . 
Second , they are liquid . 
Fox attracts a young audience with shows such as `` Married ... With Children , '' its most successful series . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag . 
So , some see a special irony in the fact that Mr. Steinhardt , the trader , now is encumbered with a massive , illiquid airline holding . 
ABM will also increase its stake in Sonora Gold Corp. to 42 % from 26 % . 
Computers have made trading more rapid , but that can be fixed with some fine-tuning . 
the egalitarianism of modern America represents the essential achievement of the classless society envisioned by Marx . '' 
Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners . 
As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes ( particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble ) it looks and sounds forced . 
It shows a boy hurling rocks at a street lamp . 
The unemployment rate was by far the highest in the southern , so-called Mezzogiorno region . 
Many traders say that `` circuit breakers '' put in place to damp volatility after the 1987 crash actually added to volatility when the stock market plunged Friday . 
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
Anton Amon and George Gourlay were elected vice presidents of this soft-drink company . 
`` He 's a genuine Wheaties-box athlete , '' gushes Mr. Jones . 
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict . 
Betty Lombardi is a mild-mannered homemaker and grandmother in rural Hunterdon County , N.J . 
HOMESTEAD FINANCIAL CORP. , Millbrae , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 562 million , OTC , said three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday . 
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set . 
`` I 'd love to see sports cut back , and so would a lot of my counterparts at other schools , but everybody 's afraid to make the first move , '' he confided . 
A classic example of institutions ' hunger for liquidity is portfolio insurance , now widely discredited . 
Mr. Carlucci , 59 years old , served as defense secretary in the Reagan administration . 
Moreover , after 26 years at Ogilvy he had honed a reputation for being squeaky-clean and a straight arrow -- which can only help American Express in the wake of the Safra incident . 
The biggest percentage gainer on the Amex was Enviropact , which jumped 23 % , or 5\/8 , to 3 3\/8 on volume of 29,000 shares . 
Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons . 
For one , Axa plans to do away with certain tax credits that have resulted in more than $ 600 million paid to the Farmers exchanges during the past few years to offset underwriting losses . 
These actions did n't affect results because the gain on the sale of the European cosmetics businesses was offset by provisions relating to the Brazil divestiture and drug restructuring . 
Ms. Browning says she believes a recapitalization involving employee ownership would succeed only if the pilots relent on their demand for control . 
A piece down , the computer resigned . 
At the opening bell , investors quickly began singling out shares of companies expected to profit or suffer in some way from the California disaster , including insurers , construction-related companies , refiners and housing lenders . 
In contrast , the fatality rate in the states that retained the 55 mph limit was 0.9 last year , the same as in 1986 . 
It 's time to scrap the politically infested spending machine HUD has become and channel the resources into the drug war . 
Everybody 's finger is one inch closer to the button . 
They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks . 
Since commercial air travel is interrupted , Aetna , based in Hartford , Conn. , chartered three planes to fly claims adjusters into Sacramento and then planned for them to drive to the Bay area . 
Mr. Ireland said current demand for used aircraft is strong , partly because surging orders for new aircraft have lengthened waiting lists . 
Du Pont , as it happens , has a potential substitute for CFCs . 
The manuevering illustrates an emerging Republican donnybrook , pacified since the early 1980s . 
Shares of Kasler , a California road and bridge builder , were heavily traded , jumping 2 1\/8 to 9 7\/8 on 1.3 million shares . 
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal , toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they 're defending . 
BIO-RAD LABORATORIES INC. , Hercules , biological research and clinical-products leader , $ 200 million in annual sales , Amex , said its Richmond warehouse north of San Francisco was closed because of debris and fallen shelves . 
Its greatest drawback may be its 3-inch thickness , big enough for one consultant to describe it as `` clunky . '' 
With more than 300 billion rubles in savings accounts and little to spend them on , Soviet consumers grumble at the exorbitant black-market prices for such goods -- but they buy them anyway . 
He listens impassively . 
Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles . 
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing prices of its companies up across the board . 
Sales rose 4.8 % to $ 1.20 billion from $ 1.14 billion . 
As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm 's book , Mr. Masson emerges `` as a grandiose egotist ... and , in the end , a self-destructive fool . 
`` That 's not what our fathers had in mind . '' 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by Dec. 15 . 
The airline industry 's fortunes , in dazzling shape for most of the year , have taken a sudden turn for the worse in the past few weeks . 
And , the attorney general added , First Meridian 's president , Roger V. Sala , portrayed himself as a `` financial expert '' when his qualifications largely consisted of a high-school diploma , work as a real-estate and insurance salesman , and a stint as supervisor at a highway toll booth . 
The reason is simple . 
The average six-month bill was sold with a yield of 8.04 % , up from 7.90 % . 
Merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in Ottawa today to discuss the decision . 
He 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most disgraceful institutions in American public schools . 
Individuals close to the situation believe Ford officials will seek a meeting this week with Sir John to outline their proposal for a full bid . 
St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
`` If prices in the States go down , industrial buyers in Europe have the opportunity of getting reasonable prices in the U.S. , '' says Francois von Hurter , chief of Continential M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 . 
During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations . 
`` We still have our die-hard baseball fans , '' a spokesman said . 
Among these crimes are murder on federal land , presidential assassination and espionage . 
Most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 44 % from 37 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said . 
When the Congress ( I ) lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated . 
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 
`` It is close to being a record undersubscription , '' said Bob Bucknell , an analyst with London broker Smith New Court Securities . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Ms. Sinatra sued over the use of her `` These Boots are Made for Walkin ' '' song in the ad . 
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer . 
`` Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , '' says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm . 
Analysts said the company 's troubles mirror those of the industry . 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets . 
In Washington , the Bush administration took a characteristically cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change . 
But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee . 
Support for the private sector has been a longstanding concern of the Bank 's . 
There are also other factors at work that are outside IBM 's control , such as currency exchange rates . 
At last night 's sale , 13 of 44 works that sold were purchased by Aska International Gallery , the art-acquisition unit of Aichi Financial , a Japanese conglomerate that owns 7.5 % of Christie 's . 
In a nondescript office building south of Los Angeles , human behavior is being monitored , dissected and , ultimately , manipulated . 
MCA said it expects the proposed transaction to be completed `` no later than Nov. 10 . 
Republican Sen. William Cohen of Maine , the panel 's vice chairman , said of the disclosure that `` a text torn out of context is a pretext , and it is unfair for those in the White House who are leaking to present the evidence in a selective fashion . '' 
The comptroller 's office also said that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987 , only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending . 
But while the Composite gained 1.19 , to 462.89 , many issues did n't participate in the advance . 
Hudson 's Bay Co. announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 337 million ) net of expenses . 
This is the way government is supposed to work , with politicians taking responsibility for votes that their constituents can identify , instead of concealing them in the great reconciliation garbage truck . 
Georgia Pacific Corp. , up $ 1.25 to $ 58 , and Maxxam Inc. , up $ 3 to $ 43.75 , both reported strong profits . 
Yesterday , in national trading in the over-the-counter market , Gen-Probe common closed at $ 3.25 a share . 
Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion . 
Although the New York market plunge prompted a 70.5-point drop in the London Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100 Share Index , Mr. Leigh-Pemberton declared `` that the experience owed nothing to the particular problems of the British economy . '' 
The group had an operating profit of $ 65 million , against a loss of $ 13 million a year earlier . 
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months . 
Capcom Futures , while neither admitting nor denying the Merc charges , said in a statement that the Merc charges were `` technical in nature '' and that `` no customers were hurt '' as a result of the violations cited by the Merc . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Debt-free and profitable , the Boulder , Colo. , computer-products concern could borrow funds if it decides against an IPO now , he says . 
This was George Bush 's own idea . 
The projection sent Anheuser shares plunging $ 4.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the agreement `` an important step forward in the strengthened debt strategy , '' noting that it will `` when implemented , provide significant reduction in the level of debt and debt service owed by Costa Rica . '' 
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that current yields continue for a year . 
But the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing . 
Now is the time to reform the government from a provider , developing-country vanguard role to that of a modern , industrialized nation in which consumers have the ultimate choice . 
In this case , that 's about $ 250,000 . 
If psychics do n't work , but your house still seems haunted , you can call any one of a swelling band of skeptics such as Richard Busch . 
Thus , in recent contract negotiations , Mr. Guzman Cabrera gave up the union 's right to assign 40 % of all of Pemex 's outside contracts -- an enormous source of kickbacks . 
They argue that their own languages should have equal weight , although recent surveys indicate that the majority of the country 's population understands Filipino more than any other language . 
Senate Democrats favoring a cut in the capital-gains tax have decided , under pressure from their leaders , not to offer their own proposal , placing another obstacle in the path of President Bush 's legislative priority . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at an indicated 107 7\/8 to yield 3.84 % . 
The Communications Workers of America , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year . 
While Mr. Roderick was reared in the shadows of Pittsburgh 's smoking mills , Mr. Corry grew up in Cincinnati , a city nicknamed `` Porkapolis '' and more accustomed to pork chops than pig iron . 
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing . 
There is n't a black worker in sight . 
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe . 
One reason : efforts to protect the spotted owl led to restrictions on logging in the Pacific Northwest , constricting supply and forcing prices up . 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
But the chairman and other committee members stressed that the notification guideline was n't imposed on the White House by a meddling Congress . 
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth . 
Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . 
Shearson , with its in-house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market . 
David Burnham , one of the authors , says fewer trials probably means a growing number of plea bargains . 
The Dedham , Mass. , couple knew even before Bonnie became pregnant in 1987 that any child of theirs had a 50 % chance of being at risk for retinoblastoma , an eye cancer that occurs about once every 20,000 births . 
The index , which uses a base of 1981 as 100 , was calculated at 140.91 points in October , from 140.74 in September . 
Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Zurich , Amsterdam , Milan and Stockholm . 
Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown , Dynamic Engineering Inc. , a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry , contributed to much of QuesTech 's $ 3.3 million loss on $ 55.6 million in revenue last year . 
Both hope to encourage pressure for change in East bloc countries still ruled by Stalinist holdouts by arranging liberal financial aid and trade benefits for Poland , Hungary and , to a lesser extent , the Soviet Union . 
It is difficult to analyze how much of their anger was due to Recruit , the sex scandals , or the one-yen coins in their purses , but they obviously were voting to punish the LDP . 
`` Let 's not forget this is the same company that has been profiteering with this drug for 2 1\/2 years , '' Mr. Weiss added . 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys asked federal Judge John F. Keenan to give them access to all U.S. documents about her alleged abduction . 
Nippon Air Brake Co . ( Japan ) -- 140 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
If it promotes fashion too much , the shop risks alienating its old-line customers ; by emphasizing `` value , '' it risks watering down its high-minded mystique . 
And investors and traders alike say the current turmoil could take years to resolve . 
By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. 's net income rose 29 % on a modest 9 % increase in revenue in the third quarter , mainly on strong advertising demand at its ABC television network operation . 
Perhaps the biggest challenge , however , will be to prevent a return to its former corporate rigidity as its recovery continues . 
Fullerton , Calif . 
For those investors who believe -- or fear -- that 1990 will be a recession year , many economists and money managers agree on steps that can be taken to lower the risks in a portfolio . 
A former curator of the Museum of Cartoon Art in Rye Brook , N.Y. , pleaded guilty in July to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips , among them 29 Dick Tracy strips by Chester Gould , 77 Prince Valiant Sunday cartoons by Hal Foster , and a dozen Walt Disney animation celluloids , according to Barbara Hammond , the museum 's director . 
Randy Delchamps retains his position as president . 
`` The figures today add further evidence to support the view that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has essentially stalled out at a level of about a $ 110 billion annual rate , '' said Jeffrey Scott , a research fellow at the Institute for International Economics here . 
b - As of Thursday 's close . 
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either . 
The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , or $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier . 
The company had losses for several years before turning profitable in fiscal 1988 . 
`` The board felt that the continued payment of our semiannual dividend was inconsistent with recent operating results , '' said Kenneth A. Eldred , president and chief executive officer . 
It also will hand Unilab new markets . 
Fastenal Co. , proposed offering of 400,000 common shares by holders , via Robert W. Baird & Co. and William Blair & Co . 
For 1989 's first nine months , Capital Cities net income grew 23 % to $ 303.7 million , or $ 16.97 a share , from $ 246.9 million , or $ 14.43 a share . 
Nearly all the decline came in Ford 's U.S. automotive operations . 
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power . 
And their suspicions of each other run deep . 
Meanwhile , several other major installations around the Valley -- America 's center of high-tech -- said they , too , fared as well as could be expected . 
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 . 
Citing figures on home-equity loans , he notes that `` 11 % of homeowners had home-equity credit accounts , but the proportion rises to 16 % of homeowners in the $ 45,000-$60,000 income range and 23 % of homeowners with income above $ 60,000 . '' 
Under the rescue plan , Waertsilae sold 51 % of its stake to a group of banks and pension funds . 
However , creditors and bidders alike concede that the state plays a major role because it could significantly delay final settlement of a plan it did n't like . 
Mr. Gras said he expects a definitive agreement between the two companies to be completed in the next few months . 
Fujitsu was n't the only company willing to sacrifice profit on the project . 
The climate was right for the new FASB . 
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time . 
At Citicorp , the Problem Review Board may hear only 12 or so cases because of personnel 's skill in complaint-resolution . 
The $ 500 million in notes , the largest chunk of Western Union 's $ 640 million in long-term debt , stems from the company 's major restructuring in December 1987 . 
It also declined against the mark but did n't reach its intraday low of 1.8435 marks until two hours later . 
The issue is rated single-B-3 by Moody 's and single-B-plus by S&P . 
Since June , AmeriGas has netted more than $ 100 million from industrial gas divestitures and reinvested more than $ 50 million to acquire three propane distributors . 
Among the responses the Swiss trader got was one from the Soviet national shipping company , which had n't been invited to submit a bid . 
Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer that will compete with more expensive machines from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp . 
One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen . 
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied on the news , closing 39.55 points higher at 2683.20 . 
Despite the proliferation of tourist distractions , Las Vegans have n't forgot that gambling is still what the town is all about . 
Lawmakers have n't publicly raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras , and President Bush parried the question at a news conference here Saturday , saying only that `` if there 's an all-out military offensive , that 's going to change the equation 180 degrees . '' 
The bank 's Arizona unit holds about $ 6 billion of First Interstate 's $ 50 billion of assets . 
Barry Frank , the agent who took Mr. Pilson to lunch last March , says that even if CBS loses , say , $ 10 million , it matters little . 
Hoping to stay ahead of the pack , the company is emphasizing innovation . 
Concord New Horizons Corp. , creators of a 1988 movie called Nam Angels , used the gang 's name and trademarks without authorization , the not-for-profit corporation says in a complaint filed in federal court . 
But Mr. Smith said Sony intends to prove that the oral agreement did in fact exist , and that even the existing written contract does n't preclude the producers from taking executive posts at another studio . 
The papers , which Israel says were discovered in Israeli-occupied Gaza , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the Revolutionary Eagles . '' 
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom . 
Francis M. Wheat , a former Securities and Exchange Commission member , headed the panel that had studied the issues for a year and proposed the FASB on March 30 , 1972 . 
This unification was to be brought about through policies and institutions that would unite workers and employers with government in a fully integrated and `` harmonic '' society . 
A main motive is hard cash . 
Arthur Fleischer Jr. , a takeover lawyer at Fried Frank Harris Shriver & Jacobson , notes that `` a political and emotional bias '' has developed against junk bonds . 
The company did n't specify reasons for the strong earnings gain . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories . 
Scenario 2 extends the recent compromises between the House and the Senate ; it splits the difference between Scenarios 1 and 3 , by increasing the budget at 2 % per year . 
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman and chief credit officer . 
`` Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
Also , the new stirrings are faint , and some question their extent . 
And Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say their systems are still under development . 
It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists `` needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts '' and that environmental groups need them to stay in business . 
Two weeks ago , in a campaign to blunt inflation at home and arrest a world-wide plunge in the pound , he raised base rates a full percentage point to 15 % . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents . 
Asked about that the other day , he replied , `` Anti-Semitic ? 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137.6 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , Series 1989 D , due 1992-1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced at par by a Morgan Stanley group to yield from 6.35 % in 1992 to 7.60 % in 2019 . 
Helmsley 's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies . 
Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before . 
Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student , tottering around on lifts , Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte 's eye . 
`` They are growing more pragmatic about their role . '' 
These revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar . 
The preamble says that human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights protected by the Constitution . 
One big technology issue , Novell , rode the roller coaster . 
Each new employee is expected to submit four daily in the first few months on the job . 
In Poland 's rapid shift from socialism to an undefined alternative , environmental issues have become a cutting edge of broader movements to restructure the economy , cut cumbersome bureaucracies , and democratize local politics . 
When it announced the planned breakup in May , Cray Research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth . 
At another point he intones : `` Publicity is a small price to pay for secrecy . '' 
GTE shut down its cafeteria Tuesday afternoon after testing determined that at least one cafeteria worker employed by GTE 's private food vending contractor , ARA Services Inc. , was suffering from a strain of the virus , officials said . 
`` If the stock market tremors are behind us , then the bond market will go back to looking at the next batch of economic numbers to determine '' where interest rates are heading . 
Added Mark Rogers of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. : `` It 's much easier to be second . '' 
The company reiterated that it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year , although it expects a profitable fourth quarter . 
When the ruling was handed down , the vacationing president dispatched Chief of Staff John Sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself . 
CBS News interviewed Jack Hoffman and his sister , Phyllis , as well as Mr. Hoffman 's landlord in Solebury Township , Pa . 
Mr. Jacobson , his gray hair flying , did n't wear out his red-white-and-blue sneakers , but he sweat so much he considered sending out for a new shirt . 
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul . 
Duriron , a maker of pumps , valves and other controls , said the acquisition wo n't impact its 1989 profit . 
Mr. Boren is confusing consensus on general principles with agreement on specific actions . 
The American Bankers Association did n't have any comment on the plan . 
Not to be outdone , George Bush wants CFCs banished altogether by the year 2000 , a goal endorsed at an 80-nation U.N. environmental meeting in Helsinki in the spring . 
A few attorneys offer horror stories of jobs botched by consultants or of overpriced services -- as when one lawyer paid a consultant ( not at Litigation Sciences ) $ 70,000 to interview a jury after a big trial and later read more informative interviews with the same jurors in The American Lawyer magazine . 
The judge handling the case in state Supreme Court , a trial court , had tossed out the jury verdicts , ruling that the matter should have been handled under federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules . 
In a free market , his insurance rates can be raised to recover insurance-company losses . 
Though almost everybody at the playing site had been looking for the 26-year-old Soviet to beat the Pennsylvania-based computer , he gave the machine a far worse drubbing than many expected . 
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts . 
Managers , he contends , `` are afraid how they 're going to look in the eyes of their peers . 
The two lawmakers sparred in a highly personal fashion , violating usual Senate decorum . 
Re-creating events has , in general , upset news traditionalists , including former CBS News President Richard S. Salant and former NBC News President Reuven Frank , former CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite and the new dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , Joan Konner . 
Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret . 
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway . 
The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs . 
We 're no longer afraid of associating with private or foreign capital , '' he says . 
At the movies today In detail you see What the prof would n't show In Physiology Three . 
Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo , a spokesman for that agency said . 
It said simply that it will boost its Navigation Mixte stake as it sees fit over the coming days to protect itself , as long as it has French regulatory officials ' approval . 
Later in the day , according to the source , the board reversed itself , decided to file for bankruptcy protection , and asked Mr. Evans to stay on . 
`` Arby 's is n't for sale , '' said Renee Mottram , senior vice president at DWG . 
In an interview , Mr. Krat said that based on criteria yet to be determined , he expects to distribute 49 % of Royal Alliance to the representatives , who sell Integrated 's insurance and mutual-fund products . 
It all started with geography . 
A reading below 50 % indicates that the manufacturing industry is slowing while a reading above 50 % suggests that the industry is expanding . 
It is unrelated to the much-publicized virus that last year infected Arpanet , a much larger network used by researchers at universities , laboratories and government agencies around the world . 
Competition among underwriters and brokers makes them loath to centralize price and policy information . 
BroadBeach did n't identify the buyer of the shares , but the date of the selloff followed by one day the Swedish concern 's tender offer , and the indicated price of the shares sold equals SKF 's $ 72-a-share tender offer price . 
Fibreboard Corp. said it completed the previously reported sale of approximately 27,500 acres of timberland near Truckee , Calif. , to closely held Sierra Pacific Industries Corp. , Arcata , Calif. , for $ 32.5 million . 
I 'm encouraged by the action . '' 
Or , a wage that was $ 100 30 years ago would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today . 
`` And where we are is bad . '' 
For the nine months , Conrail earnings grew 0.4 % to $ 229 million , or $ 3.34 a share , from $ 228 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
They noted that studies completed after the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a source of volatility . 
Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days , and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology . 
Living there for six years was really scary . 
While Allianz officials were n't willing to comment in any detail on their plans , they said Allianz currently holds between 5 % and 10 % of Navigation Mixte , an apparent increase from the 5 % stake that Navigation Mixte officials had earlier announced . 
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
Nothing in the annals of tuition readied parents for the 1980s . 
Mr. Masson then brought a libel suit against Ms. Malcolm , the New Yorker and Knopf . 
The FCC plans to hear a day of testimony Nov. 16 on the plight of AM radio . 
Earlier this year , the Fed denied an application by Continental Bank Corp. to purchase Grand Canyon State Bank in Scottsdale , Ariz. , on grounds that Continental had n't fully complied with the Community Reinvestment Act . 
The ratio of consumer installment credit to disposable income , though up a bit , has n't climbed steeply , and such debt as a percent of household assets is little changed . 
It is capable of reaching the entire Caribbean area and deep into North America . 
And last week , people close to Saatchi said Maurice Saatchi and his brother , Charles , would lead a buy-out if a hostile bid emerged . 
Big Board traders said a 200,000-share buy order at $ 150 a share entered by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which was active in UAL stock all day , is what set off the UAL crowd in the late afternoon . 
Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market . 
The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights that reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses . 
`` Absolutely , '' he said . 
For example , Tenneco Inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 76 cents , which would be received before the February option expires and , thus , reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount . 
Tuesday , October 17 , 1989 
The pact also calls for coordination between Finnair and Switzerland 's national carrier , Swissair , with which SAS entered a similar alliance last month . 
One office had 19 people doing the work of three , `` and half of the employees had company automobiles . '' 
Japanese banks accounted for 50 % of the NWA bank debt , according to a report by Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner . 
We suspect Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy . 
Honda Motor Co. shows a more conventional five-cylinder engine in the new Accord Inspire model , which made its debut just this month -- in Japan only . 
`` The thing is so fluid right now that there 's really no way to say what will happen , '' says Justice Department attorney Grover Hartt III , who represents the IRS in the case . 
Consumers Power Co. , now the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant , which was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays and high costs . 
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 109 to yield 3.865 % . 
Some have raised their cash positions to record levels . 
Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . '' 
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data . 
But they do n't careen around in an old Cadillac , wear funny suits or blast away at slimy spirits . 
`` The sense is we would never be in a position again where everything works for us the way it did before , '' says Rod Eddington , Cathay 's commercial director . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
`` The proposal , while well-intended , I think can be dangerously misleading because the likely consequence would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the SEC has exercised for 50 years over the financial adequacy and viability of broker-dealers , '' Michael Raoul-Duval , managing director of First Boston , said in an interview . 
Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed . 
Trade and Supply Minister Gerhard Briksa said in a letter published in the youth daily Junge Welt that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted ; but to reduce it further , he said , production and supply of other beverages , including fruit juices , should be stepped up . 
$ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
The farmer can say the same for coal , cement , saw blades . 
Rodeo applause : broncs cheer . 
The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items . 
The CFTC said it will propose the restrictions after the release of a study that shows little economic benefit resulting from dual trading and cites `` problems '' associated with the practice . 
Separately , a $ 400 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 15 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
There are no agreements yet . '' 
Some frantically dumped belongings into pillowcases , others threw goods out windows . 
Before the takeover mania of the '80s , it referred to rooting out through analysis undervalued stocks , especially those with shrewd management , sound fundamentals and decent prospects . 
Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss . 
That 's not character . 
The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands , and in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto and demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest . 
Relying on the preamble 's statement that a fetus is an unborn child , the two St. Louis County Circuit Court judges in August accepted the justification that the abortion clinic protesters were trying to save lives . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. said third-quarter net income of $ 22.8 million , reversing a $ 91.7 million year-earlier loss . 
But there are no scientific data on this question . 
A spokesman for North Carolina Gov. Martin says Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases . 
The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites . 
Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . 
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . '' 
Offices were set up in San Francisco and San Jose . 
`` This has been a major disruption for the Bay area economy , '' says Pauline Sweezey , the chief economist at the California Department of Finance . 
And now he 's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co. , headed by his old friend and patron , Percy Sutton , to his son , David Dinkins Jr. , for $ 58,000 . 
The relatively small academic conferences that have attracted conservative guests -- and press scrutiny -- in recent years are much more narrowly targeted and austere than the thousand-person get-togethers in fancy digs and exotic locales of years past . 
Mr. Bush asked Congress to raise to $ 6 billion from $ 3 billion the amount of money Defense Secretary Dick Cheney may shift among the Pentagon 's individual programs , projects and activities , allowing him to ease the pain that the Gramm-Rudman budget law was intended to inflict . 
The landscape architects were expelled from the garden in July . 
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms . 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened $ 2.25 billion offer from Northeast Utilities , likely spurring a new round of bidding for the utility . 
We hope the next head of the Civil Rights Commission will be as brave as Mr. Allen in making the case for equality of civil rights . 
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout . 
`` It 's the proverbial flight to safety . '' 
Good grief ! 
Mr. Englund added that next month 's data is n't likely to be much better , because it will be distorted by San Francisco 's earthquake . 
`` A normal person did not write the Beethoven ` Violin Concerto , ' '' he declares . 
Skiing , after all , has mainly been for the young and daring and many baby boomers have outgrown skiing or have too many family responsibilities to stick with the sport . 
And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' 
What does this mean for trade policy ? 
`` Most people will come on the weekend , the slopes will be overcrowded and then these { new skiers } wo n't come back . 
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change . 
The market for electrochemicals include the paper , water-purification and textile industries . 
Though a re-enactment may have the flavor , Hollywood on the Hudson it is n't . 
Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period . 
But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
Instead of being just an ad agency , he said : `` We have redefined our mission here . 
`` The Fuji is going to be No. 1 to replace the Red Delicious , '' he says . 
Columbia Savings & Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share . 
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 . 
As she put it in a 1987 lecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design : `` I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a rhododendron and a tulip . '' 
Flush with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas . 
The writer and executive producer of `` Settle the Score , '' Steve Sohmer , is a graduate of Yale who participated in a PBS documentary , aired this summer , in which six members of the Yale class of 1963 ruminated about their lives since graduation . 
The announcements also should help IBM go on the offensive against Digital Equipment Corp. on the plant floor . 
Biotechnology issues were strong . 
But now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ? 
to help some scavengers or schemers , or help corporate America ? '' 
Chairman Robert McClements Jr. said the synthetic crude oil production from the facility rose even as the price for that oil increased . 
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate . 
Not only is the typical Glasswork open-ended , it is also often multiple in its context ( s ) . 
Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office . 
Traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on Tokyo stocks from the California earthquake . 
Mr. Sutton recalls : `` When I left , I sat down with Charlie { Rangel } , Basil { Paterson } and David , and David said , ` Who will run for borough president ? ' And I said , ` You will . ' '' 
If nothing else , such initiatives as these will provide an awareness to citizens and lawmakers and encourage appropriate corrective action . 
At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents . 
But the researchers found that while children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably , the husband 's helping hand `` appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly . '' 
The bonds will be issued for a term of 34 years at an interest rate of 8 % . 
-- Len Elliott . 
Lloyd 's only recently reported its financial results for 1986 . 
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . '' 
Many of us are suckers . 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
For a brief time , the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with United 's pilot union . 
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader . 
The units are autonomous from U.S. attorneys ' offices and focus exclusively on prosecuting organized-crime cases . 
The study , by the CFTC 's division of economic analysis , shows that `` a trade is a trade , '' a member of the study team said . 
Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations . 
Mr. Craig and three others were indicted last year as part of that payola probe . 
But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz . 
This will add to the appeal of small business , he says , where investors often have a degree of influence . 
Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan meets regularly for lunch with Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady and talks frequently with Budget Director Richard Darman and Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers . 
In fact , throughout `` Mancuso FBI , '' we do n't get words or lines -- we get speeches . 
12:07 a.m . 
Living in Hong Kong , he says , made him sensitive to the limits on food , power and water supplies . 
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million . 
Florio Fiorini , managing director of Geneva-based Sasea , said the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating . 
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first-half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe . 
Another factor was that customers were asking , `` Why do n't you give us a cheaper system ? '' Mr. Jobs said at a conference on university computing here . 
The Treasury 's 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 fell 11\/32 to 111 31\/32 to yield 10.08 % , while the 12 % notes due 1995 were down 7\/32 to 103 22\/32 to yield 11.04 % . 
The union on Oct. 5 requested that the contract be reopened to restore all pay and benefits that the union gave up in the 1982-83 and 1986-87 rounds of bargaining . 
Previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's Eastern Airlines unit . 
Theoretically , the brokers will then be able to funnel `` leads '' on corporate finance opportunities to Kidder 's investment bankers , possibly easing the longstanding tension between the two camps . 
What happens to me if Campeau collapses between now and then ? '' 
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans . 
Now it is their fellow Turks arriving as refugees from Bulgaria . 
Sharp projected sales for the current year ending March 31 at 1.6 trillion yen , a 7 % increase the previous fiscal year . 
Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million . 
Managers have `` some very broad discretion , '' says an official at Walt Disney Co . 
Many troubled properties have n't been foreclosed on and are hard to identify , says Albert I. Berger , who heads the Secaucus , N.J. , office of Helmsley-Spear Inc. , a real estate brokerage . 
The issue was oversubscribed and `` doing very well , '' according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley . 
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill . 
`` Trying to time the economy is a mistake , '' says David Katz , chief investment officer of Value Matrix Management Inc. in New York . 
The rise matches that of the Dow Jones industrials this year . 
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris . 
Mr. Gelbart deplores the obfuscation , the circumlocution and the debasement of language he sees on all sides . 
Some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list , as its American depository receipts climbed 1 3\/4 to 13 5\/8 with more than 6.6 million ADRs traded . 
Most are expected to fall below previous-month levels . 
Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp . 
A slightly higher percentage of New York Stock Exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with post-crash 1988 , according to Securities Industry Association data . 
The move defied a law , approved in Moscow this month , banning such walkouts . 
The securities firm posted third-quarter net of $ 66 million , or 64 cents a share , compared with a restated year-earlier loss of $ 3 million , or 11 cents a share . 
Video Tip : 
The transaction is expected to close by Nov. 30 . 
However , other knowledgeable observers said they believed Mr. Crandall and the AMR board might well decide to tough it out without taking any extra steps . 
The December contract ended at $ 999 a metric ton , down $ 15 . 
Star States plunged 3 1\/4 to 8 3\/4 on 207,000 shares . 
Long dollar bonds were flat to up 3\/8 point . 
At the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco , Vice President Robert Fienberg says operations were `` steaming along as usual '' yesterday afternoon . 
Amgen Inc. said its second-quarter earnings increased more than tenfold to $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , due to increased sales of the company 's new antianemia drug for kidney patients . 
Note : These figures are only for mandatory charges and do n't include books , transportation etc . 
But both the traders and the pilots remain interested in some transaction . 
LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout . 
The Singapore and Kuala Lumpur stock exchanges are bracing for a turbulent separation , following Malaysian Finance Minister Daim Zainuddin 's long-awaited announcement that the exchanges will sever ties . 
The Portland , Ore. , thrift , which has $ 5.2 billion of assets , had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . 
Business and civic operations lurched back toward normalcy here as congressional officials estimated that the price tag for emergency assistance to earthquake-ravaged California would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
A new product , NewsEdge , carries five business news wires simultaneously into a user 's computer and beeps and flashes whenever an article appears that is of interest to the user . 
The Nasdaq Composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks , which have soared 30 % . 
Pfizer 
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse . 
`` We are still looking , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman . 
For its fiscal year ended March 31 , CSC had revenue of $ 1.3 billion . 
Clearly , some financial authorities are concerned about the Japanese banks role in leveraged buy-outs . 
`` You do n't make any real money . '' 
Ways and Means Chairman Rostenkowski backed a simplification plan in the pending House tax bill , but the plan turns out to be a big revenue loser . 
In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations . 
In the port of Berbera , for example , hundreds of men of the rival Issak clan were rounded up in May 1988 , imprisoned , and then taken out at night in groups of five to 50 men to be executed without any judicial process whatsoever . 
For the nine months , Jefferies said net fell 39 % , to $ 6.8 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 11.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share . 
@ 
Died : S. Clark Beise , 91 , ex-president and chief executive officer of Bank of America NT&SA , Saturday , in Hillsboro , Calif . 
Still , some aid is moving westward from Washington almost immediately . 
Mr. Taylor 's overwhelming victory against Republican Tom Anderson reclaims a seat the Republicans had held for 17 years and gives the Democrats their fifth victory in the seven special House elections held this year . 
During the last two hours of trading , the composite almost drew even on the day before slipping again . 
But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels and vintage wine . 
Some maintain underwriters also have been inept . 
Libya accepted Iran 's proposal only so long as it was promised production parity with Kuwait . 
But she did n't trust them and did n't reward trust . 
Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , seeds and speciality chemicals . 
Moreover , state-owned Finnish companies lacking formal state guarantees could face greater difficulty raising funds in international financial markets , bankers say . 
Was not the title very clear ? 
Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend . 
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain-bike business in 1987 . 
But , with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity , Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say . 
But 1991 could be a window for action . 
With most legislatures adjourned for the year , small business is tallying its scorecard . 
If there 's going to be a race to the courthouse , it has n't started yet . 
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' ( 1958 ) , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work . 
He said Mr. Steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly . 
British government bonds ended slightly higher in quiet trading as investors looked ahead to today 's British trade report . 
Ashland expects that sale to be complete next year . 
This includes $ 4.6 billion of long-term debt , $ 457.5 million in short-term debt , and $ 95.7 million of the current portion of long-term debt . 
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994 . 
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company . 
Ekco continues to seek further acquisitions in the consumer-products industry , Mr. Stein said . 
If the matter requires further legal work or litigation , Mr. Cane says , his lawyers may refer the client to a law firm . 
That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors . 
`` We see a lot of interest in those kind of things , '' says Frank Salerno , a vice president of Bankers Trust . 
In the second quarter , Bethlehem posted a $ 50 million charge related to its plans to realign the division . 
Precious Metals 
The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said . 
What 's more , it represents an important step for the Alley Theater . 
San Francisco Bay area officials said nine people remain missing in the aftermath of last week 's earthquake . 
Call from Nov. 24 , 1994 , at 101 1\/2 , declining 1\/4 point a year . 
Be the Star 
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks . 
GE , which was surprised by the last-minute subpoena for more than 100 boxes and file cabinets of documents , countered that senior GE managers did n't find out about questionable billing practices until 1985 , and that the information was passed on quickly to Mr. Orr at his first meeting with company representatives . 
Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way . 
In national over-the-counter trading , MCI fell $ 2.625 to $ 42.375 . 
Proceeds from the offering are about $ 160.4 million . 
Continued uncertainty about the timing of the consortium 's debut could make it hard to find a # 450 million cash injection . 
The producers , he says , did a good job of depicting someone `` who had done so much , but who was also a manic-depressive . 
Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares . 
No individual illustrated this mix of power more yesterday than Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D. , Hawaii ) , who chairs the Senate defense subcommittee . 
Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection ( taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies ) and to deny new credit to defaulters . 
The subsidiary is n't expected to be profitable for at least one year . 
In Moscow , Mr. Gorbachev sent Mr. Krenz a congratulatory telegram that appeared to urge the new leadership to heed growing calls for change . 
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
The bank 's chairman and director general , who also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the Treasury . 
ARCO maintains an office in Dallas that would take over if payroll operations in Pasadena were disrupted . 
But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year . 
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks . 
Dealers suggest that the only positive news on the horizon that could detract attention from equities transactions is September 's U.S. consumer price data . 
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland . 
The Canadian government , with a view to becoming more politically active in Latin America , is expected to announce tomorrow its application to join the Organization of American States , a Washington-based regional agency . 
She is told she ca n't enter unless she is accompanied by an inspector . 
Alfred Harrison , the manager , shoves Mr. Straszheim 's handout back at him : `` Do we want to go through this ? 
Traders said municipals were underpinned by influences including the climb in Treasury issue prices . 
As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi . 
`` It would be surprising if they did n't come to Frankfurt in time for 1992 , and they bring an interesting tradition . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
Analysts were only slightly disappointed by Citicorp 's numbers . 
`` The few million dollars I could lose today is nothing against what I could lose on the spring line , '' says Mr. Levy , who estimates that Campeau stores will sell $ 25 million worth of his clothes this year . 
In Brussels , which recently spent millions of dollars on a computer-assisted trading system , disgusted traders watched helplessly as a software failure before opening on Manic Monday prevented trading for two days . 
In five minutes , the Dow industrials climbed almost 30 points . 
United Telecommunications Inc. 's US Sprint unit said it was `` obviously disappointed '' with the FCC decision on Tariff 12 . 
The per-share loss for the Paramus , N.J. , food-services concern totaled seven cents , compared with earnings of 51 cents a share a year earlier . 
Safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the blasts . 
Conservatives are the faction in U.S. politics which always said that Mr. Ortega and his friends do n't want to hold an election in Nicaragua . 
A few months later , Mr. Bush became Ronald Reagan 's running mate . 
Luis Nogales , 45 years old , has been elected to the board of this brewer . 
Sheraton , a subsidiary of ITT Corp. , will have a 40 % share in the two hotels ; Pan American , a subsidiary of Pan Am Corp. , will have a 10 % share . 
The contraction was twice as large as economists projected and was the sharpest decline since a 19 % drop in January 1982 . 
The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 . 
Mr. Peladeau took his first big gamble 25 years ago , when he took advantage of a strike at La Presse , then Montreal 's dominant French-language newspaper , to launch the Journal de Montreal . 
Despite federal approval , General Dynamics says it decided it wo n't go ahead with the matching program . 
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
4 . When a RICO TRO is being sought , the prosecutor is required , at the earliest appropriate time , to state publicly that the government 's request for a TRO , and eventual forfeiture , is made in full recognition of the rights of third parties -- that is , in requesting the TRO , the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant ; will not seek through use of the relation-back doctrine to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them ; will not seek to vitiate legitimate business transactions occurring between the defendant and third parties ; and will , in all other respects , assist the court in ensuring that the rights of third parties are protected , through proceeding under { RICO } and otherwise . 
AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , enters into a $ 1.4 billion contract with India 's Defense Ministry to supply 400 Bofors FH-77B 155-mm field howitzer guns . 
`` This market is eating away my youth , '' said Chung Lew , head equity trader at Kleinwort Benson North America Inc . 
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . 
The economic dislocation was as abrupt as the earthquake itself , as virtually all businesses shut down . 
They say investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 15 % to 20 % . 
Instead , he proposed a `` law-governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . '' 
`` The bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
But it 's generally accepted that sterilized intervention has little or no lasting impact on currency values . 
The information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. and K mart Corp. as well as closely held concerns such as R.H. Macy & Co . 
The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers . 
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan . 
But it is n't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar . 
The programs will be written and produced by CNBC , with background and research provided by staff from U.S. News & World Report . 
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . 
Also , he estimated unit shipments of 1-2-3 in all its forms were about 315,000 , up 7 % from 1988 's quarterly average . 
Become a Lobbyist 
When `` The Homecoming '' was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential . 
But most of the drug money is kept in investments and in financial institutions outside Colombia . 
Long-term Treasury bonds rose slightly despite the arrival on the market of $ 4.52 billion in 30-year bonds offered by the Resolution Funding Corp. as part of the government 's bailout of the savings and loan industry . 
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics . 
`` It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . '' 
QuesTech Inc. , Falls Church , Va. , also has acquired some companies outside the military market . 
Seagram closed at $ 84.75 , up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading . 
`` We are advising a lot of our clients to make moves that make sense to them , rather than waiting until the last minute , because things have been so volatile , '' said William Sulya , head of OTC trading at A.G. Edwards & Sons in St. Louis . 
It has more drug users than Boston has people . 
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million . 
Leading construction companies also attracted interest for their strong earnings outlooks , traders said . 
But he emphasizes that Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa , the West German airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade . 
The British government retained the single golden share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 
One consequence of the trend toward tabloid standards of taste will be fierce attacks from politicians who will find sufficient evidence of abuse to arouse an already cynical public to control the press . 
The Division expects that the prosecutor will announce these principles either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the TRO . 
When the earthquake rocked northern California last week , Aetna senior claims executives from the San Francisco area were at the company 's Hartford , Conn. , headquarters for additional training on how to handle major catastrophes , including earthquakes . 
But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . 
The jurors , who did n't know which side had retained them , decided for Energy Transportation , and awarded $ 500 million in damages . 
Some lawmakers may seek legislation to limit overly restrictive insurance policies . 
Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million . 
For many companies , the instinctive first response is to cut costs . 
In its first day of when-issued trading here , Euro Disney soared like Dumbo to close at 814 pence ( $ 13.05 ) , up 15 % from its 707-pence offering price . 
Thomas Stoddard , head of the Lambda Legal Defense Fund , called the prospect of the speech `` frankly shocking . '' 
It would n't identify the bankers . 
In yesterday 's edition , the amount of new capital was misstated . 
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index . 
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts . 
Now he has settled into a career that fits the bill -- financial planning . 
It contends that current government policy is failing to stem the AIDS epidemic because it suggests the use of condoms can make sex `` safe . '' 
The government has charged that Mr. Lorin and Mr. Laff were part of a conspiracy to maintain the prices of certain stocks at artificially high prices . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
Lloyd 's claims for the 1988 Piper Alpha oil-rig disaster in the North Sea , for instance , may reach $ 1 billion . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it arranged a $ 50 million credit facility with NCNB Texas National Bank , a unit of NCNB Corp. , of Charlotte , N.C . 
JROE : 
The European Community Commission challenged an agreement on routes and fares between France 's two largest airlines on antitrust grounds . 
MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 , down 6.25 cents , and has been trading for several months at less than $ 3 a share . 
Neither Mr. Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company , C&D Commodities , could be reached for comment . 
There is evidence to support that view . 
Some economists believe that yields on all Treasury securities may rise this week as the market struggles to absorb the new supply . 
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
And in financial markets , irrational behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe . 
The Justice Department rejected the implication that its prosecutors are currently more willing to plea bargain . 
However , Raymond C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology . '' 
Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said Chairman Richard M. Morrow . 
Charles Bradford , an analyst with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , said higher prices for galvanized and cold-rolled products offset lower prices for bar , hot-rolled and structural steel . 
AM stereo remains largely undeveloped because it lacks a uniform delivery system . 
Concern that investors could misinterpret such readings led the American Association of Individual Investors to eliminate beta figures for precious-metals funds in the 1989 edition of its mutual-fund guide . 
GM is likely to reach the cooperative operating pact it has been seeking in about two weeks , knowledgeable individuals say . 
The preliminary conclusion from a survey of 200 downtown high-rises is that `` we were incredibly lucky , '' said Lawrence Kornfield , San Francisco 's chief building inspector . 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
John V. Holmes , an investment-newsletter publisher , and three venture-capital firms he organized were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies . 
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories . 
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
-- Arnold J. Zarett . 
`` There will be no capital-gains bill this year , '' said Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) . 
Once and for all , $ 5-a-barrel crude oil and 35-cents-a-gallon gasoline were history . 
By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives . 
Estimated volume was a light 1.7 million ounces . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
When Boyer met Robert Swanson , an M.I.T.-trained chemist-turned-entrepreneur in 1976 , they saw dollar signs . 
But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks . 
Mr. Spielvogel added pointedly : `` The pressure on commissions did n't begin with Al Achenbaum . '' 
The figures exclude lump-sum payments and cost-of-living adjustments , so the actual wage increases may have been bigger . 
I hope that you begin talking about the plan 's permanent and , in my view , most beneficial feature -- indexation . 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
The government has been content with this far-reaching , subtle form of control , exercised on a case-by-case basis with no clear rules or guidelines . 
China 's land and labor offer inexpensive alternatives to local industry . 
Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone . 
At the hearing , Mr. Seidman said the RTC has already pumped $ 729 million into Lincoln for liquidity . 
The IRS hopes to fill the new positions soon . 
Seattle 's license fees for adult peep shows vary from those for other coin-operated amusements without serving a substantial government interest and are unconstitutional , the ninth-circuit appeals court holds for Acorn Investments Inc . 
He also received 20-year sentences for each of the 24 passengers injured . 
The trade group official added : `` Certainly the federal government should take a hard look at it . '' 
`` The big word around Specialized is passion , '' says Erik Eidsmo , a former ski-industry executive whom Mr. Sinyard recruited from Citicorp to run marketing and sales . 
AMDAHL CORP. , Sunnyvale , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.8 billion , Amex , was closed yesterday and no damage estimates were available . 
NAS is National Advanced Systems , CDC -- Control Data Corp. , Bull NH Information Systems Inc . 
The mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate after opposition from the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover . 
TO GRAB a bigger piece of the declining scotch market , Seagram Co. has launched a controversial `` frequent drinker '' promotion for its Chivas Regal brand . 
But that wo n't suffice . 
Many analysts believe that the Soviets ' thirst for dollars this year to buy grain and other Western commodities and goods will bring them to the market whenever prices rally very much . 
The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 and $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 . 
The 658 Chinese , who have been in a refugee-assistance center , were sent to immigration facilities yesterday pending deportation to China , the official said . 
That price also covers Eurocom raising to 60 % its 51 % stake in Europe 's Belier Group , a joint venture ad agency network it owns with WCRS . 
The company , which supplies transmissions and other drive-train parts to auto makers , said about half the earnings drop came from the `` virtual collapse '' of the Venezuelan auto industry . 
UAL finished at 170 , off 8 3\/8 . 
Competition and mounting insurance and equipment costs have been the undoing of many resorts . 
The Clarksburg , W.Va. , producer of gas and oil , said it wants shareholders to approve the split because it would `` enhance the marketability '' and trading of the stock . 
The portion of OTC volume attributable to program trading is n't known , as it is on the New York Stock Exchange , where it amounted to more than 13 % in September . 
For the third quarter , net rose to $ 242 million , or $ 1.05 a share , from $ 144 million , or 63 cents a share . 
Among the insurance stocks , big gainers included American International Group , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 ; General Re Corp. , up $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 ; Aetna , up $ 2.375 to $ 59.50 ; and Marsh & McLennan Inc. , up $ 3.125 to $ 75.875 . 
It said yesterday it still expects to close the acquisition later this year or early in 1990 . 
The success of newcomer SsangYong Motor shows the strength of the auto market and its growing diversity . 
CDs sold by major brokerage houses , which like jumbo CDs tend to closely follow interest rate trends , also posted larger drops in yields . 
`` Magazines can no longer be considered institutions , '' said James Autry , president of Meredith Corp. 's magazine group . 
The new manager will face the daunting task of leasing 1.8 million square feet in a relatively soft Chicago real estate market . 
Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside . 
Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character . 
And truck sales also are off more than 20 % . 
Dubbed the `` Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , '' the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments . 
The theme of industry consolidation had surfaced earlier this year among drug stocks , which posted solid gains in the latest session . 
It is based on the stocks that make up Standard & Poor 's 100-stock index . 
About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited forlornly for buses yesterday . 
And by substituting yet another landscape architect , Nicholas Quennell , he insists he can achieve that and other accommodations to gardening reality while still preserving the `` artistic vision '' of a `` truly great artist . '' 
`` There is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go . 
The average seven-day compound yield on the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's was 8.55 % in the latest week , down from 8.60 % . 
DAYAC : 
International Paper emphasizes that it is better positioned than most companies for the coming overcapacity because its individual mills can make more than one grade of paper . 
The Polish rat will eat well this winter . 
One of the few hints the excess heat might be produced by fusion came from brief remarks by chemist John Bockris of Texas A&M University . 
In subsequent experiments , one of two neutron detectors occasionally indicated a burst of neutrons but neutron bursts were never recorded in both detectors at the same time . 
DALKON SHIELD CLAIMANTS hope to stop reorganization-plan appeal . 
According to its most recent annual report , covering the 15 months ended March 31 , Maxwell Communication bought $ 3.85 billion in assets -- including Macmillan Inc. and Official Airlines Guides -- and sold $ 2 billion in non-strategic businesses . 
Mr. Spielvogel said he hopes Mr. Achenbaum will do some strategic consulting at the agency for `` non-clients , in hopes that they become clients . '' 
`` There is a class of investor that wants to be exposed '' to the whole market , says Sandip Bhagat , assistant vice president at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . 
While Mr. Roman is a workaholic detailsman , Mr. Phillips would rather delegate , leaving him time for his interests outside the office . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 . 
Almost all have involved at least half and often the firm 's entire portfolio , as the computer searches for the most undervalued investment category , following a money-management style called tactical asset allocation . 
Northwest , a unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. , which made the MD-80 aircraft , also are pursuing counterclaims against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport . 
African art was in vogue and some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks . 
A two-hour lunch break follows . 
Characteristically , he did n't waste much time getting started . 
The expansion will set off a marketing war among the big hotel-casinos . 
The heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally . 
Our advice is this : Immediately return the government surpluses to the economy through incentive-maximizing tax cuts , and find some monetary policy target that balances both supply and demand for money ( which neither aggregates nor interest rates can do ) . 
Loral Corp. said it received a $ 325 million order from Turkey 's Ministry of Defense , the largest contract the company ever has received . 
The Senate did n't vote on six lesser charges . 
Discussing the recent slide in stock prices , the central bank governor stated that `` the markets now appear to have steadied '' after the `` nasty jolt '' of the 190.58-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average a week ago . 
Sales rose 7.7 % to $ 6.66 billion from $ 6.19 billion . 
For instance , one trader said that prices inevitably will go lower now that they 've fallen below $ 20 a barrel . 
Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds . 
One preliminary estimate put the retrofitting cost at as much as $ 50 million . 
In a ruling by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans , Mr. Gaubert received the go-ahead to pursue a claim against the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas for losses he suffered when the Bank Board closed the Independent American Savings Association of Irving , Texas . 
She lives in Oakland , a community hit hard by the earthquake . 
December silver was off 3.7 cents an ounce at $ 5.2830 . 
That 's `` not bad , '' Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 . 
The key man seems to be the campaign manager , Mr. Lynch . 
Kinder-Care Learning Centers added 1\/4 to 4 7\/8 on 461,200 shares . 
In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
Tomorrow , Resolution Funding Corp. , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled thrifts , will hold its first bond auction at which it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million . 
The decline broke a streak of 10 quarters in which Dow posted earnings increases . 
Finally , with Maxwell Communication , the company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. , a Quebec City pulp and paper concern . 
These people invested in `` leveraged '' junk bond mutual funds , the publicly traded funds that make a habit of taking out loans to buy extra junk . 
Officials in East Berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in dispersing protesters this month . 
Also , a cockpit warning system failed to alert the pilots the flaps and slats were not set for takeoff , the NTSB said . 
Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . 
( Here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : Take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . 
We believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world . '' 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % convertible pay-in-kind securities maturing in 2009 closed 1\/2 higher at 86 1\/2 after trading as low as 85 1\/4 . 
But it is high enough to prod the search for future supplies , low enough to promote consumption and , most important , steady enough for both producers and users to believe in . 
In the end , neither policy was followed , and instead of learning anything we are left with a mystery . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
The market also was hurt by rumors that Nippon Kangyo Kakumaru , a Japanese brokerage firm , was unloading some of the 30-year bonds it recently purchased . 
Some bulk shipping rates have increased `` 3 % to 4 % in the past few months , '' said Salomon 's Mr. Lloyd . 
The company said the decline was attributable to a 79 % reduction in net gains on loan sales this year . 
Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.46 billion . 
Neither side would comment . 
With MGM\/UA 's `` Rainman , '' for instance , Messrs. Guber and Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success . 
We understand that the trust is ultimately going to need to sell some of our shares , '' he says . 
John Christie , a lawyer here for the two Chicago Title & Trust units accused the FTC of `` second-guessing '' state-level regulations , with which , he said , his clients had complied . 
While his case may be extreme , it reflects the vulnerability of many small communities to domineering judges . 
So-called living-benefits provisions also merit a close inspection . 
ABC 's hurdle was even higher this year with two teams from the same area . 
`` One man said you act as a stimulant , '' a prostitute tells him , `` a diversion to relieve people 's boredom . '' 
THE IRS may taketh what the Labor Department giveth . 
MC SHIPPING Inc. , New York , declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30 . 
Latin American markets continued their recovery after a weak start to the year , SKF said . 
According to executives close to the situation , Merksamer filed for Chapter 11 to speed the sale of the chain . 
It is unclear what effect the sale of the shopping centers will have on earnings . 
The Nasdaq 100 Index began the day at 449.89 , lost 2 % at one point , and was up 0.4 % at another . 
He says the department now has 75 openings and wants to hire 625 civil engineers over the next 15 months . 
If I survived , I would have achieved every journalist 's highest wish . 
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising . 
Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms after finding some contaminated by radiation , an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said . 
Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project . 
`` And it 's relaxing . 
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo . 
Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
On Friday , the yield was quoted at about 1\/4 percentage point higher than the benchmark bond , an indication of weak demand . 
The government 's 7 % issue due October 1999 fell 0.05 point to 99.90 to yield 7.01 % . 
`` We are crossing the river and we need a little more help to get to the other side , '' said Rodrigo Sotela , an economic affairs specialist at the Costa Rican Embassy in Washington . 
I 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created . 
Interest income rose 29 % to about $ 1.35 billion from $ 1.05 billion . 
There is no effective regulation of planners , no accepted standard for admission into their ranks -- a dog got into one trade group -- no way to assess their performance , no way even to know how many of them there are ( estimates range from 60,000 to 450,000 ) . 
What 's more , the U.S. has suspended $ 2.5 million in military aid and $ 1 million in economic aid . 
He describes a reporter as `` Miss First Amendment . '' 
And if she and the Battery Park City Authority have their way , her horticulturally inept plan will soon go public as a real garden `` artwork '' in the downtown complex . 
He doubts a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe , but warns of `` a risk of profound change in the heart of the European Community from a Germany that is too strong , even if democratic . '' 
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park . 
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
His speech criticized the `` idiocy of notions of protected groups in society '' as opposed to individual equality or , as he put it , in `` a common destiny as Americans . '' 
Wells Fargo & Co. fell 50 cents to $ 81.50 , and BankAmerica Corp. fell 50 cents to $ 31.875 . 
The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower , but petroleum futures never shook off the chill . 
The junk bond prices of Western Union Corp. tumbled after the company said it wo n't proceed with an exchange offer to holders of its reset notes . 
Many issues `` bounced off the floor , '' Mr. Minella said , and benchmark junk issues `` recovered all of their losses '' from Friday and early yesterday . 
Yesterday a spokeswoman said the company was `` pleased with our progress '' in that regard and `` hopes to provide additional details soon . '' 
It does prolong the pain somewhat . '' 
Shearson is offering the notes as 6 3\/4 % securities priced to yield 6.15 % . 
The Arizona regulatory ruling calls for $ 42 million in added revenue yearly , compared with a $ 57 million boost proposed by the commission hearing officer . 
Airlines in 1989 `` came in like a bang and are going out like a whimper , '' said Kevin Murphy , an airline analyst at Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Undeterred by such words of caution , corporate America is flocking to Moscow , lured by a huge untapped market and Mikhail Gorbachev 's attempt to overhaul the Soviet economy . 
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices . 
Delivery of the first aircraft is set for early November , a second for December and two for April 1990 . 
The house just settled right down into the ground . 
Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people . '' 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Now , Mr. Guzman Cabrera is facing accusations that he 's as much a company man as La Quina was a crook . 
Managing change , he adds , will require a lot more aid and a prominent role for the EC , especially in dealing with the question of German reunification . 
ITT also said its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices . 
Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding . 
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity . 
The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations that do n't pay federal income tax , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group . 
The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % . 
As for property and casualty insurers , Moody 's said `` preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , '' but it `` raises concerns about potentially substantial risks '' longer-term . 
Its revenue totaled $ 184.4 million , an increase of 172 % from $ 67.8 million a year ago . 
The administration proposed only $ 57 million in so-called economic support funds for Costa Rica this year , down from the $ 90 million the U.S. provided last year . 
In these families , husbands took on 80 % more chores than in couples with only grammar school education . 
The company owes $ 11 million to the Shui On Group , the project 's Hong Kong contractor , and a significant , though unspecified , amount in legal fees to Coudert Brothers , a U.S. law firm , the sources say . 
So what 's the catch ? 
When Mrs. Thatcher cut the top tax rate to 40 % , Mr. Lawson flooded the country with money to prevent the pound from rising against the mark . 
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again . 
James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that earnings advanced `` in the face of a drop in business , brought on by the general economic slowdown . '' 
BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast amid Israeli paralysis and Palestinian politics . 
American Medical said its directors have approved what is , in effect , a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition , submitted by the Los Angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of Houlian Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc . 
In addition , Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America . 
One example he gives : `` She did n't ask '' ( why the Palestinian children are soldiers throwing stones ) . 
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable . 
In when-issued trading , the two-year Treasurys had a yield of about 7.88 % . 
Westinghouse expects about half of its new orders for turbines to come from independent producers for at least the next six years . 
Caltrans today uses a variation of the design Mr. Parker describes , with spiraling steel rods inside . 
And now that returns must show dependents ' Social Security numbers , the IRS wants to see which dependents show up on more than one return -- and which dependents turn out to be deceased . 
Sales rose 25 % to $ 3.90 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
The Ashland , Ky. , oil company reported a $ 38 million charge resulting from settlement of a 10-year dispute with the National Iranian Oil Co. over claims that Ashland did n't pay for Iranian crude it had received . 
The only consensus is that more money and people may leave Hong Kong than had been thought likely . 
The volatility wo n't end soon . 
THE YALE POLITICAL UNION does n't pay an honorarium to speakers . 
It 's been a steadily improving relationship , '' says Mr. Carpenter . 
Instead of realizing his mistake in letting the exchange rate dominate both British economic policy and Mrs. Thatcher 's political fortune , Mr. Lawson pushed for tying the pound formally to the mark by entering the European Monetary System , which subordinates all member currencies to German monetary policy . 
Included in the results was an adjustment to the Dallas-based company 's tax rate that reduced net income by about 10 cents a share , or approximately $ 2 million . 
Greg Smith , Moon Township manager , said the ordinance is intended to prevent the concentration of group homes for the mentally retarded from changing `` the character and flavor of the neighborhood . '' 
The devices ' most remarkable possibilities , though , involve the brain . 
That acquisition , which also included the assumption of $ 135 million in debt , was designed to allow Georgia-Pacific to capitalize on the strong demand for softwood pulp , as well as reduce its exposure to the housing market . 
The results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken , Mr. Messina says . 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark and up marginally against the Japanese yen . 
The addition to reserves comes on top of a provision of $ 199.7 million that was announced in June . 
But even in his front-runner campaign , he has shown signs of the indecisiveness and confusion that some say has plagued his tenure as Manhattan borough president -- and might hinder him as mayor . 
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . '' 
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
That news , plus recent signs of economic sluggishness , greatly increases pressure on the Federal Reserve to ease credit further , which in turn would be good news for stocks , investment managers say . 
Unemployment has reached 27.6 % in Azerbaijan , 25.7 % in Tadzhikistan , 22.8 % in Uzbekistan , 18.8 % in Turkmenia , 18 % in Armenia and 16.3 % in Kirgizia , the Communist Party newspaper said . 
The portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , GE Capital said . 
Such preferences persist even though many Americans believe differences between imported and domestic cars are diminishing . 
The quarterly results also reflected $ 21.4 million in non-recurring losses from commercial real-estate activities in California . 
Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision , which abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts but is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988 . 
`` Those are primarily white-collar workers , a customer segment that has historically proved elusive for convenience stores . '' 
Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ? 
When negotiating , Mr. Corry played his cards close to the vest . 
After letting aluminum-makers take the recycling lead , a group of the nation 's largest steelmakers started a recycling institute to promote steel cans to an environmentally conscious nation . 
A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday . 
Ski promotions have traditionally avoided the touchy issue of safety . 
The president was said to have been noncommittal . 
ONE LIBERTY PROPERTIES Inc. declared a dividend of 40 cents a share on its $ 16.50 cumulative convertible preferred stock , payable Jan. 2 to stock of record Dec. 8 . 
Hugh Johnson , chief investment officer at First Albany Corp. , agreed that a deteriorating economy is worrisome , but he said the real concern among stock investors is that some new problem will crop up in the junk bond market . 
The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week , down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher than last week 's 143,534 . 
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls . 
When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor . 
This year , Mr. Wathen says the firm will be able to service debt and still turn a modest profit . 
The demise of Merkur ( pronounced mare-COOR ) comes after a September in which 670 Merkur dealers managed to sell only 93 Scorpios . 
The sales are expected to raise more than 600 million Australian dollars ( US$ 462.2 million ) , Mr. Skase said . 
Indexes can be constructed to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa . 
The Moloch that knows no God but more ? '' 
Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban . 
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment . 
BankAmerica climbed 1 3\/4 to 30 after PaineWebber boosted its investment opinion on the stock to its highest rating . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
While U.S. makers of vodka , rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad , trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
Mr. Sung formerly worked at General Electric in research on synthetic diamonds . 
John C. Holt , an executive vice president and Dun & Bradstreet director , sold 10,000 shares on Aug. 31 for $ 588,800 , filings show . 
`` We would have paid more if we thought that law was n't going to pass , '' he said . 
Ashland also took a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover anticipated costs to correct problems with boilers built by one of its subsidiaries . 
Marks & Spencer is also considering opening stores across Europe sometime in the future . 
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter . 
They are `` at the base of all of the problems of corruption , '' he says . 
Thus , options traders Friday were stuck with losses that also were several times larger than those suffered by many stock traders in New York . 
Di Giorgio , a food wholesaler and building products maker , is seeking alternatives to an unsolicited $ 32-a-share tender offer of DIG Acquisition Corp. , a unit of Rose Partners Limited Partnership . 
Avoiding failure is easy . 
The charge is offset by an after-tax gain of about $ 30 million in the quarter from the previously announced pact to sell National Aluminum 's rolling division . 
A revolution takes more than conference manifestos . 
Some cities , including New York , have experimented with special tax districts for commercial areas that provide additional patrols funded by local businesses . 
Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 . 
It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers . 
But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast . 
The bonds are expected to have a 14 1\/2 % coupon rate . 
The stock has fallen $ 87.25 , or 31 % , in the three trading days since announcement of the collapse of the $ 300-a-share takeover jolted the entire stock market into its second-worst plunge ever . 
The Federal Reserve Board 's plan for a `` soft landing , '' he says , requires the Fed to navigate `` an ever-narrowing corridor . '' 
DALLAS AND HOUSTON law firms merge : Jackson & Walker , a 130-lawyer firm in Dallas and Datson & Scofield , a 70-lawyer firm in Houston said they have agreed in principle to merge . 
China 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong . 
The offering , Series 1989-87 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities . 
The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . 
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 . 
Both moves are effective today . 
Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % , 13 weeks ; 7.50 % , 26 weeks . 
A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift , hoping to rebuild it . 
The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals , and the mouse that 's been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk . 
What the Big Board is considering is re-establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly . 
Faced with a $ 40 billion foreign debt and skyrocketing inflation , Poland must privatize industry and eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance . 
The market is drifting , at least partly , because of a lack of crop information out of Ghana and the Ivory Coast , the two largest African producers . 
Betty Raptopoulos , senior metals analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities in New York , agreed that most of the selling was of a technical nature . 
`` Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns . 
But salespeople often found that news of Wang 's problems superseded their sales efforts . 
Revco received the offer Oct. 20 , but issued a response yesterday only after a copy of the proposal was made public by bondholders . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 188.1 billion , up 15 % from $ 163.2 billion a year earlier . 
None of the problems is necessarily fatal , and they are n't all necessarily even related . 
`` I do n't want to give the impression that everybody can relax now , '' he said . 
Italy should close the Leaning Tower of Pisa because it 's a danger to tourists , government-appointed experts said . 
There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as `` Prime Time Live . '' 
Even if I had a lot of money , I could n't buy what I need . '' 
Ginnie Mae 13 % securities were down about 1\/4 at 109 30\/32 . 
Pemex 's customers also are pleased with the company 's new spirit . 
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Cray closed down $ 1.125 at $ 34.25 . 
And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of `` Making Whoopee '' -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year . 
The change will result in a charge of about $ 8.5 million , or 82 cents a share , because of an increase in deferred income-tax liability . 
Timken , a producer of bearings and specialty steel , already buys gas from Clinton . 
It all adds up to a cold winter here . 
`` Everything , '' one non-`` Moonie '' senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , `` is going back to Korea and Japan . '' 
Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases . 
Mr. Peters is a high-school dropout who came to fame as Barbra Streisand 's hairdresser . 
The real tragedies occurred elsewhere , as we soon found out . 
The flat report followed a four-month string of declines . 
`` It certainly was n't a disaster , but it does show weakness '' in some of the company 's chief markets , said George Krug , a chemicals-industry analyst at Oppenheimer & Co . 
To hear advertisers tell it , the magazine just has n't kept up with the times . 
Bob Stone is a fictional name , but the incident described is real . 
Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . 
About 9,800 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to non-union status . 
Some results are self-explanatory . 
`` One is the panic , the earthquake in San Francisco , which is positive . '' 
To suggest that a 10 % drop in ozone by the middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and shortsighted . 
`` Japan 's markets are more stable , '' he said . 
`` We regret very much that the mayor of San Francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
`` If working capital financing is not provided , '' he said , `` the RTC may have to slow { S&L sales } or dump acquired assets through fire sales . 
The early soft lenses , which cost $ 300 a set , were expected to last for a year . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
The losers will be those with the least attractive products , and many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies . 
When his Seventh Avenue fur business here was flying high 20 years ago , Jack Purnick had 25 workers and a large factory . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. is offering its 6,000 San Francisco employees a two-tier flextime schedule -- either 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . 
Merksamer Jewelers Inc. , a fast-growing jewelry store chain , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection from creditors , apparently to speed a management buy-out of the chain . 
They offer these suggestions : 
It said $ 10 million would go to the University of Toronto . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The people who tape the most buy the most . '' 
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents . 
The Arabs had tried embargos before . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The Financial Accounting Standards Board said it will soon issue a rule requiring disclosure about the financial risk of certain financial instruments . 
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , announced it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , and Merrill Lynch & Co. pulled out of the practice altogether . 
A recession or new OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup . 
Beginning in the early 19th century , with U.S. v. Hudson and Goodwin , the Supreme Court has repeatedly held that a judicial power to declare conduct to be against the public interest and hence criminal , while well established in British law , would usurp legislative authority under the doctrine of separation of powers . 
In this atmosphere , there would be no serious consideration of tax increases . 
PLASTIC PENCILS , CODE-NAMED E-71 , made their hush-hush debut in children 's pencil boxes at five-and-dime stores in 1973 . 
Now it matters . 
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share . 
Such authority is more than adequate , say opponents of the legislation . 
The latter provision is `` legally unprecedented , '' said Alan B. Morrison , a public interest lawyer in Washington , D.C. , who is challenging the plan on behalf of 900 claimants . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady , Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan and Housing and Urban Development Secretary Jack Kemp are members of the board . 
Unless other rules are changed , the devaluation could cause difficulties for the people it is primarily meant to help : Soviets who travel abroad . 
Many commuters who normally drove across the Bay Bridge , which is shut down for several weeks because of damage to one span , actually may have reached work a bit faster on BART yesterday , provided they could find a parking space at the system 's jammed stations . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million . 
Two years ago , most of the smaller makers joined under the Microsoft Corp. umbrella to adopt a version of the American IBM AT standard . 
The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 . 
In place of the games , ABC said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups , except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night . 
The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks . 
The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away . 
Their stock in trade as `` executive producers '' is sniffing out hot properties , locking them up and then getting big studios to bankroll and distribute them . 
However , Delta Air Lines fell 1 1\/2 to 67 1\/2 and USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 42 1\/2 . 
The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees . 
SciMed said the appeals court remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings . 
One devoted fan who fell under Baker 's spell in 1963 and began collecting Baker memorabilia was Bryan Hammond . 
But margins will be helped , too , by some other cost-saving steps . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Reynolds closed at $ 55.375 , up $ 1.25 . 
Nobody can estimate the toll , but John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is `` humongous , '' far greater than that from crookery . 
Conservatives now hold only a 5-4 edge . 
Many political analysts have speculated that the Reagan years would produce a staunchly conservative younger generation . 
Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp . 
Well-Seasoned Reasoning 
The Northeast and West regions were unchanged . 
Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult . 
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us . 
FADA , which holds problem assets of thrifts that were closed before the bailout legislation was enacted , is being liquidated . 
The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the House . 
This was too much for James Oakes , the court 's chief judge . 
Daiwa House also ended easier , but Misawa Home was firmer . 
`` Peanuts has become a major part of American culture , '' says Peter Shore , United Media 's vice president of marketing and licensing . 
Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 . 
With all that going for them , global flexible portfolio funds declined only 1.07 % in the week through last Thursday . 
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste . 
Did Mr. Freeman have notice of this ? 
`` Those stocks are up because their earnings are up and their dividends are up , '' he says . 
In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation . 
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on . 
But Mr. Wenz , who says he lost $ 43,000 in one precious-metals deal and $ 39,000 in another , says a salesman `` used a business-venture approach '' with him , sending investment literature , a contract limiting the firm 's liability , and an insurance policy . 
Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment . 
Results for that quarter included a $ 30 million , or 40 cents a share , write-down associated with the consolidation of a facility . 
`` Either way , I have a problem with how quickly he 's changed . '' 
The vaccine , VaxSyn HIV-1 , has been safely given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain antibodies . 
`` We had a management breakdown in 1987 in terms of compliance , '' Mr. Thompson says . 
`` But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons . '' 
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture . 
Gold-oriented funds , for instance , which invest in companies that mine and process the precious metal , posted an average decline of 1.15 % . 
`` We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products . '' 
Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it formed a unit to make and distribute movies to theaters overseas and , eventually , to U.S. theaters , too . 
Mr. Lortie 's departure , while sudden , was seen as inevitable in light of the shift in strategy . 
A survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by Interface , a policy research organization . 
Sharp says the set of chips could improve fax machines , graphics computers or identification systems that recognize facial features ... . 
Bay Financial Corp. , Boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder . 
Too often , however , small investors are left with the same stale solutions that appealed to previous generations of fiduciary strategists . 
Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case but Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it `` silly '' and said he would fight it in court . 
Seagram says the promotion is designed to build brand loyalty rather than promote heavy drinking . 
Alan Wells , president of Bollinger , Wells , Lett & Co. , a New York merger specialist , thinks panicky investors may lose their enthusiasm for leveraged buy-out and giant takeover deals . 
Stock-index funds have grown in popularity over the past decade as pension funds and other institutional investors have sought a low-cost way to match the performance of the stock market as a whole . 
Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will indefinitely lay off about 325 workers in the Peoria area and temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both November and December . 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB Co . ( New York ) -- 
No lawyers or tape recorders were present . 
A report in this week 's issue of the Journal of the National Cancer Institute also projects that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer , the leading cause of cancer death , should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
Karen Fine Coburn Publisher Global Environmental Change Report Arlington , Mass . 
Staff lawyers for both sides were busy agreeing with one another about what the U.S. could not do to oust the Panamanian thug . 
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking . 
The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well . 
IRS statistics show that the more persistent hiders of income among sole proprietors of businesses include used-car dealers , entertainment producers , masons , roofers , and taxi owners . 
The solidarity of the uncensored media world-wide against drug terrorism is the only way press freedom can survive . 
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion . 
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks . 
What to do ? 
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive . 
U.S. District Judge David Edelstein also permanently enjoined Mr. Lombardo from any future dealings with the Teamsters or any other labor union . 
The results compare with a year-earlier net loss of $ 1.5 million , or seven cents a share , based on 20.3 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
Knowledgeable employees said the project had been stymied somewhat by `` the difficulty of designing '' the jackets . 
In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion . 
Although some of the Japanese banks involved in the first proposed bid for UAL bowed out because they found the terms unattractive , observers here say they have a hard time believing that commercial considerations were the only reason . 
These days , the secretary suffers the further disqualification that he is a member of a club of seven finance ministers who meet occasionally to decide what exchange rates should be , which is a diversion from the real business of the Federal Reserve to stabilize the price level . 
East Rock also said in the filing that it boosted its stake in A.P. Green to 8.7 % . 
Both Jacobson traders , who had been hoping UAL trading would get back to normal , read the news about the unraveling of UAL takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning . 
Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth . 
I await his sequel : the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in . 
The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn . 
It was down a little . 
To promote its new strategy , National Convenience said it plans to spend about $ 12 million on advertising for the year ending June 30 , up from about $ 10 million in fiscal 1989 . 
Sales were $ 4.66 billion , up 1.3 % from $ 4.6 billion . 
Despite Mr. Paul 's characteristic hauteur , the 50-year-old , chain-smoking dynamo is finding that getting CenTrust -- Florida 's largest thrift institution -- out of its riskiest investments is much tougher than getting into them had been . 
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
Industrial neighborhoods fare even worse , with burglary rates twice the citywide average . 
An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed . 
The gains also sparked buying interest in other real-estate companies , traders said . 
The worker 's tart reply : `` It 's more than just travel . 
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion . 
The index moved above 35670 at midmorning , nearly reaching the record of 35689.98 set Sept. 28 . 
In trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange , the U.S. benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude fell 39 cents a barrel to $ 19.76 for December delivery . 
It 's the most stunning example of Las Vegas 's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers . 
It is the presence of internal and external `` enemies '' which justifies the need for a large , active army that Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets . 
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending . 
The board of this Ponce , Puerto Rico concern voted to suspend payment of its quarterly of 11 cents a share for the third quarter . 
A cultural center has been built , shops . 
It 's sort of a Chapter 11 situation , '' he added , referring to the U.S. bankruptcy law that protects companies from creditors while they restructure . 
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size . 
Stocks that reportedly benefited Tuesday from a Japanese buy program handled by PaineWebber gave back some of their gains . 
The CFTC plans to curb dual trading on commodities markets , in which traders buy and sell both for their own account and for clients . 
The paper gave no details of what the restrictions would entail but said the measures were necessary to protect the domestic market . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency was trading at about 142.95 yen at midmorning , up from 142.80 yen at the opening and up from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.15 yen . 
One East Coast manufacturing executive , faced with a job transfer his wife resented , found that counseling helped them both come to grips with the move . 
But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs . 
Treasury bonds ended narrowly mixed in quiet trading . 
After the government lawsuit was filed against Lincoln , Sen. DeConcini returned the campaign contributions . 
The December contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 . 
LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan but Aoun rejected it . 
Closed End Bond Funds 
It seems that every day a new movie opens featuring a child coping with a mother 's death , or adoption , or aging parents , or pregnancy . 
Western Union Corp. took steps to withdraw its proposed debt swap for $ 500 million in high-interest notes and said it is looking at other alternatives for refinancing the debt . 
It is n't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series . 
Some nights he slept under his desk . 
`` We 've got to move quickly . '' 
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system . 
`` The focus for some time has been on the copper supply , and good demand has been taken for granted , '' he said . 
Rome magistrates accuse Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire ( $ 880,000 ) from the Vatican in return for documents contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse . 
Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s . 
In a June 5 reaction , the Bankers Trust Co. unit proclaimed the economy `` shockproof . '' 
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8353 marks , down from 1.8355 marks Tuesday , and at 141.52 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Tuesday . 
Polyurethane foam is a highly efficient insulator , which accounts for why the walls of refrigerators and freezers can be thinner now than they were back in the days when they were insulated with glass fiber . 
But the chief rule-making body for accountants backed off one part of its original proposal made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items related to off-balance sheet instruments . 
Talking to a small group of U.S. executives afterwards , Mr. Gorbachev appeared impatient for a big expansion in U.S.-Soviet trade , which now amounts to a meager $ 3 billion annually . 
We 're looking for something that grows faster and sells at a comparable { price-earnings } multiple . '' 
Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year . 
David Owen , U.K. economist with Kleinwort Benson Group , reduced his growth forecast for 1990 to 0.7 % from 1.2 % and termed the risk of recession next year `` quite high . '' 
`` The buyers who work for the various Campeau chains may lose their jobs . 
The most immediate effect is in New York , where former manufacturers of the anti-miscarriage drug DES -- the synthetic female hormone diethylstilbestrol -- face the prospect of shared liability for damages in many of the 700 to 1,000 DES lawsuits pending in that state . 
But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects . 
Aetna , which has nearly 3,000 adjusters , had deployed about 750 of them in Charlotte , Columbia , and Charleston . 
Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % to 153.93 billion yen . 
In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls `` the bellwether of privatization . '' 
Employees have n't yet been notified . 
One investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says SCI TV needs at least $ 50 million of new equity to survive . 
Hubert Pedroli , managing director of foreign exchange at Credit Suisse in New York , adds , `` The market sees this as the last piece of good news . '' 
Scott Miller , an FASB project manager , said that a final rule will be issued before year end . 
After a tortuous climb , she is rewarded by a picture-postcard vista : a glade of golden aspens under an azure Indian-summer sky . 
On abortion , their own day will come . 
But my father meant it to mean real separation , '' says the son . 
This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors , firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco . 
After five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits . 
Until a recent comeback , it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation . 
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Because of the glitch , however , the company said it does n't know when its machine will be commercially available . 
The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived . 
And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . 
West Germany 's biggest union , IG Metall , said it is ready to back demands for more pay and shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries . 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
Actually , Cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier : Israel 's King Solomon wrote those words in the Book of Proverbs ( 22:1 ) . 
One of the commission 's recommendations was that a single agency , probably the Federal Reserve , should coordinate regulation of all financial markets . 
French President Francois Mitterrand , European Community Commission President Jacques Delors , Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and others have begun linking the rapid changes in the East to the need to speed up changes in the West . 
Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over-the-counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . 
So far , though , there have been no allegations that the contributions the LDP members received amounted to bribes . 
Ms. Rubin is a free-lance writer based in Los Angeles . 
At Movieline , she wants `` specific paragraphing , specific tone , a specific attitude -- bright and bold and tongue-in-cheek . '' 
In the same statement , US Facilities also said it had bought back 112,000 of its common shares in a private transaction . 
The ruling also may determine how quickly LTV is able to complete its Chapter 11 reorganization . 
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount . 
A `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said . 
Softly introducing and explaining his pieces , Mr. Glass looks and sounds more like a shaggy poet describing his work than a classical pianist playing a recital . 
The Department of Housing and Urban Development has used testers to investigate discrimination in rental housing . 
He does n't fully succeed , although Mr. Straszheim lists an array of interest-rate scenarios . 
The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells . 
What that will mean for manufacturers is anybody 's guess . '' 
For American car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing . 
In California , Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year `` savings '' CDs to 8.33 % from 8.61 % . 
It would be inappropriate for the government or the central bank to buy or sell IBM or General Motors shares . 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp , Armonk , N.Y. , maker of business machines , NYSE , said flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant , which makes high-end data-storage devices . 
I trusted in his lordship 's wisdom ... . 
But the bikes ' burgeoning numbers , safety concerns and fear that they damage fragile landscapes have prompted pleas , from the Sierras to the Eastern Seaboard , to ban them from the back country . 
But investors better not ignore its limitations , either . 
Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
But Japanese agencies are cautious about expanding abroad because client relationships are different . 
-- The construction of this station equal in size to the Egyptian pyramids constituted , I say it directly , a clear violation of ABM . 
This month , Exxon Corp. announced plans for a 400-day project drilling for gas about five miles underground in the Anadarko Basin of western Oklahoma -- the deepest drilling project in the U.S. . 
The going rate for a small personal computer that costs about $ 2,000 in the West is anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles . 
The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . 
Turns out that next year , Charlie Brown , Snoopy and the gang turn 40 -- and Scripps Howard 's United Media unit , the syndicator and licensing agent for Charles Schulz 's comic strip , sees a bonanza in licensing the cartoon characters to a bevy of advertisers for ads , tie-ins and promotions . 
`` By putting these pithy statements on the solicitations , hundreds of thousands of dollars are claimed to have been spent on education to consumers when in fact this represents the costs of sending the newsletters . '' 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said . 
`` As far as the FAA is concerned , '' says Matt Finucane , air safety director at the Association of Flight Attendants , `` flight attendants can work an unlimited number of hours . '' 
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer . 
Decisions by the Second Circuit itself , Judge Oakes continued , had recognized that public interest in the subject matter and the indispensability in particular cases of verbatim quotations are vital components of fair use . 
The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 10 % control and British Air 15 % . 
In fact , last Friday 's 190.58-point tumble in the stock market caught many people and businesses by surprise , not the least of them brokerage firms such as Shearson that print their weekly market commentaries on Fridays for dissemination the following week . 
Commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in Credit Lyonnais , until the Socialists returned to government last year and canceled plans to privatize the large French bank . 
It is one of the states that have met with Mr. Cohen and asked for additional information about investors ' accounts and other matters . 
It also hopes to enter the U.S. market . 
Suntory distributes Brown-Forman bourbons in Japan . 
HUGO FELLED vast timberlands . 
The executives did n't disclose the size of the expected gain . 
The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years . 
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
`` Payments are good right now , but we are n't recommending any long-term lines of credit , '' says Richard Hastings , a retail credit analyst , referring to credit lines which make inventory purchases automatic . 
`` Everyone is waiting for GNP , '' says Walter Simon , an assistant treasurer with Bank Julius Baer & Co . 
`` I played very transparently , with the tip of the bow . 
Baker 's remarks came as the White House urged both sides to honor the truce . 
He noted that the `` core inflation rate , '' which excludes food and energy , was also low at 0.2 % . 
Funds will be used to repay existing short-term debt and to finance capital spending , it said . 
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it . 
Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes . 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : ( Net Loss : 7 cents share ) vs. net income : 51 cents a share 
5:09 a.m . 
The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns . 
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold . 
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March . 
But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. has delayed Grand Union Co. 's $ 1.16 billion junk-bond offering while it restructures the transaction . 
The Hawaii Banana Industry Association , to which nearly all of them belong , has no lobbyist . 
By contrast , he 's won kudos for his espousal of William Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which he recently recorded for Angel\/EMI along with Leonard Bernstein 's engaging `` Serenade for Violin Solo , Strings and Percussion . '' 
The State Department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers . 
But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running . 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
$ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , was priced at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
Debora Foster takes off her necklace , settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Corning closed at $ 38.50 , down 75 cents . 
Shoney 's Inc. said it will report a write-off of $ 2.5 million , or seven cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended yesterday . 
J.C. Penney will continue to service the receivables . 
But Wang salespeople are trying to cope with the biggest challenge any marketer can face : selling the products of a company that is on the ropes . 
On two occasions the inflation rate rose to more than 10 % a year . 
The lawsuit states that unless the sanctions are halted pending an appeal , the broker and his firm `` will be irreparably injured and their business will be totally and permanently destroyed . '' 
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 . 
From my own point of view , given the qualities of humanity , creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel , we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear , and which seem to run in such short supply these days . 
MARKET MOVES , these managers do n't . 
`` What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out . '' 
`` It helps us , and them , while they 're here , and it certainly makes them a better health-care team when they get home . '' 
-- Confirming other government data showing that wages are n't keeping pace with inflation , earnings of year-round , full-time male workers fell 1.3 % in 1988 after adjusting for higher prices , the first such drop since 1982 . 
MiniScribe has been on the rocks since it disclosed early this year that its earnings reports for 1988 were n't accurate . 
Hurricane Hugo , an Atlantic storm , did n't affect Vista . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents in over-the-counter trading , to $ 11.25 . 
The danger that Ms. Bogart seems to be courting here is one of obfuscation rather than rejuvenation , a vision so at odds with the playwright 's that the two points of view nullify , rather than illuminate , each other . 
In an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 30 million in receipts by having the Federal Bureau of Investigation charge for fingerprint services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase Pentagon costs in processing personnel and security clearances . 
Those creditors , whose claims are estimated at about $ 200 million , include doctors and hospitals . 
The split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the San Diego Yacht Club should be allowed to keep the international trophy for sailing a catamaran against the New Zealand challengers ' 90-foot monohull . 
They are also indirectly subject to approval by the state of New Hampshire , where residents fear soaring rates to pay for the cost of reorganization . 
The president 's request did n't indicate how Mr. Cheney would shift the money . 
News about UAL and AMR , whose shares never reopened after trading was halted Friday for the UAL announcement , sent both stocks nosediving in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said that a $ 150 million senior subordinated discount debenture issue by R.P. Scherer Drugs is expected by the end of the month . 
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . 
I do n't like the sound of that . 
Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long-deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
`` But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better . 
`` I would say he 's definitely not in need of money , '' says Matt Merola , an agent of Mr. Jackson 's based in New York . 
Revenue increased 6.5 % to $ 42.25 billion from $ 39.68 billion . 
This year , the older someone is the bigger the discount . 
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell . 
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday . 
Most other bonds , however , would probably not have fared much better . 
In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory . 
Fossett still had several million dollars in capital left after Friday 's close of trading , but not enough that regulators , worried about another potential market plunge yesterday , would let it reopen for trading , options exchange officials said . 
The real estate can be used , he points out , as guarantees for bank loans for corporate development . 
Israel Ortiz is only one of the thousands of entrepreneurs and their employees who will be injured or killed by crime this year . 
A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users . 
Moreover , he is a political agent of a political president , who naturally gives extraordinary weight to the way the economy will perform before the next election , and less to its longer-run health . 
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31 , sales will total 400.0 billion yen , up from 366.89 billion yen . 
If there is a recession that will change the statistical situation . '' 
The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc . 
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years . 
Mochida advanced 40 to 4,440 . 
-- Creative financing . 
Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced . 
Cosmetics companies roll out new makeup colors several times a year , and since most products can be easily copied by competitors , they 're loath to test them with consumers . 
He also backed a rule to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis . 
`` I ca n't see why there would be a conflict of interest , '' says Sotheby 's Ms. Levitt . 
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . 
Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say . 
If Mr. Redford wanted to be accepted by the people of Utah , he should have taken an advisory role instead of one of forcing his personal preferences . 
Other countries , including West Germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership . 
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ? 
The latest two-year notes were quoted late at 100 28\/32 to yield 7.84 % . 
`` The banks we think would fit into our concept are either government-owned or not for sale , though Deutsche Bank would be able to pay a good price . '' 
Puerto Rico Telephone Co. awarded its $ 3 million account to West Indies & Grey , Grey Advertising 's office in Puerto Rico . 
The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . 
Mr. Bryant and other analysts hope all those moves will combine to help Tandy 's results improve in the important Christmas quarter . 
SEAGATE TECHNOLOGY , Scotts Valley , maker of hard disk drives for computers , annual sales of $ 1.37 billion , OTC , closed to assess what appeared to be minor damage to some of its 20 buildings . 
These and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air conditioners to foam cushioning to commercial solvents are in prospect because of something called the Montreal Protocol , signed by 24 nations in 1987 . 
For the real estate industry , a watchword for the 1990s will be buy , more than build . 
Adolph Coors Co. said William K. Coors , chairman , assumed the additional responsibilities of president , succeeding Jeffrey H. Coors . 
It was hard to see how photosynthesis would ever happen in South Gardens without decking the walls in a Christmas-like array of Gro-Lites . 
Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Mercedes-Benz , which had said it did n't owe taxes to Massachusetts partly because it sells its cars at a dock in Baltimore and not in Massachusetts , did n't explain its change of heart . 
But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker , Daihatsu Motor Co . 
The ratings concern said it downgraded Beatrice notes , Euronotes and certain industrial revenue bonds to single-B-1 from Ba-3 and the company 's subordinated debentures to single-B-3 from single-B-2 . 
The company has begun offering shots of gamma globulin , which will diminish the flu-like symptoms of hepatitis A , in anyone who has contracted the disease , Mr. Mattausch said . 
He predicts a downward move in dollar-mark trade and a less dramatic slip in dollar-yen , noting that there continues to be a large pool of Japanese investor interest in U.S. securities , which could provide a solid base for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
Mr. Thompson believes the case for working together is stronger now than ever . 
In late trading , New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was off 1\/4 point at 98 bid . 
He and others say that the machines are weak enough that they do n't jeopardize the memory . 
While people were jingling their change , the LDP politicians were caught in scandals . 
But freight railroads reported that damage to their facilities was relatively minor , with Santa Fe Pacific Corp. 's rail unit the least affected by the quake . 
G. William Ryan , president of Post-Newsweek Stations , was named chief executive officer of the unit of this media company , effective Jan. 1 . 
The stock market , after all , represents the collective expectations about the value of the future income stream of the nation 's capital stock , discounted to present value . 
East German Protestantism in particular fears Mr. Krenz , in part because of an incident in January 1988 when he was believed to have ordered the arrest of hundreds of dissidents who had sought refuge in the Church . 
`` How do readers feel about the magazine ? 
Died : Robert V. Van Fossan , 63 , chairman of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co. , Sunday , in Morristown , N.J. , of cancer . 
Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later . 
To make it to top-10 status , it would have to leapfrog over such formidable forces as Grey Advertising , D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles and Omnicom 's DDB Needham . 
In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share . 
The result has been a dangerous vacuum of U.S. leadership , which leaves Central America open to Soviet adventurism . 
A recent study for the Federal Aviation Administration found that major airlines sometimes make flight attendants work 16 hours or more straight -- despite union contracts at some airlines limiting duty time to 14 hours . 
But many bankers remain nervous , especially as the start-up of the contract continues to be delayed . 
Eventually , Mr. Rey was forced to sell his Bally shares to the weapons maker Oerlikon-Buehrle Holding AG as establishment pressure grew on this hostile move into the Swiss old boys ' network . 
COMPARE P\/E RATIOS WITH PROSPECTS . 
Mr. Ridley hinted at this motive in answering questions from members of Parliament after his announcement . 
Instead , they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere 's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf . 
Lee Seidman of Cleveland says Infiniti `` was a bear on interiors '' but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream . 
Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` South Pacific , '' is decidedly downtown . 
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees . 
Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication . 
Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names . 
By comparison , Republicans have held closer to the anti-abortion movement . 
Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil . 
In fact , because communism seems to be beating a global retreat , some conservatives may simply be so pleased that their anti-communist philosophy is prevailing that they do n't have the fire at the moment to push controversial programs . 
Paramount said the gain would be recorded in its fourth quarter , which ended yesterday . 
`` This will prevent a slide in industrial production , which will otherwise cause new panic buyings , '' the spokesman said . 
Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl and 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants in the U.S. and abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- and perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan . 
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty ( and , if so , to whom ) ? 
Three years ago , the exchange took up residence in a space-age tower of steel and glass -- evocative of the kind of modern architecture that Britain 's Prince Charles has denounced . 
Knight-Ridder Inc. said third-quarter earnings jumped 18 % , partly because of the sale of two of its media properties . 
Consumer prices climbed a moderate 0.2 % in September , mostly due to higher clothing costs . 
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds climbed back above 8 % , ending the day at 8.03 % . 
Having seen the hypocrisy with which Congress has addressed the HUD scandals , we disagree . 
Nerds and geeks sometimes find themselves a bit isolated at Harvard . 
Key to the issue is that the bikes , in skillful hands , can go virtually anywhere , and in reckless hands can become vehicles of terror . 
Reports of an economy near recession come as officials prepare a major Communist Party plenum for sometime in the next few weeks . 
In late New York trading the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen , compared with 1.8300 marks and 141.65 yen Friday . 
Now this remarkable economic growth seems to be coming to an end because the government has not converted itself into a modern , democratic , `` developed nation '' mode of operation . 
`` I 've surrendered to the circumstances , '' Mr. Fedders says . 
As power and commuters returned to much of downtown San Francisco for the first time since Tuesday 's temblor in the Bay area , three strong aftershocks , one measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale , jolted the region . 
Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred , but those that fall below these levels would be allowed . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
Sumitomo Realty & Development rose 40 to 2170 . 
To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest ; in other words , that it is justified in committing a crime -- lying to Congress -- because it is morally superior . 
We recall that Mr. Roberts not only chides the Chancellor for being too easy because of a desire to constrain sterling , but also led the chorus saying that Mr. Volcker was too tight when he let the dollar rise . 
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor . 
They 've now adapted the yeast to making genetically engineered drugs . 
`` This is the best way to transfer technology straight off the campuses of universities . '' 
The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators . 
The carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its American counterparts . 
And traders say that futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape . 
`` Sometimes a shakeout is healthy , '' said Drexel 's Mr. Feinman . 
Emergency measures would be introduced to ease the country 's financial crisis , notably its $ 200 billion budget deficit . 
If the weather allowed farmers to work in their fields over the weekend , many Midwest grain elevators will probably sell futures contracts today at the Chicago Board of Trade in order to hedge their weekend purchases from farmers . 
But the truth is that almost everyone , from real-estate agents to city fathers , name-drops ; and a surprising number of people have an ancient uncle who claims he lived next door to the cartoonist who did the Katzenjammer Kids . 
For the nine months , Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 155 million , or $ 2.33 a share , down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago . 
An excellent environmental actor he is . 
`` Frankly , it was like he worked for the Lincoln public-relations department , '' Mr. Stelzer testified . 
He adds , `` That 's the forecasting business . '' 
There 's also , for instance , the need to be part of the in-crowd . 
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer . 
The confusion could be costly . 
For individuals , the Packwood plan would exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
Resolution Funding Corp. , known as Refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations , will hold its first bond auction Wednesday , when it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures . 
`` Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says . 
Or perhaps that is a fitting symbol for the United States of 1989 : Everything for sale ; nothing of real value . 
For the nine months , Golden Nugget reported a net loss of $ 11.4 million , or 69 cents a share , based on 16.6 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
They trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago . 
Mr. Kuehn , the company said , will retain the rest of the current management team . 
While no doubt agreeing with Mr. Lawson on everything else , Sir Alan is a dyed-in-the-wool monetarist , inclined to defend floating rates to the death . 
`` In my freshman year , my roommate was known as a party animal . 
The Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks of Florida Inc. , pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
`` There will be more emphasis on quality , '' says Guy Peyrelongue , chief executive of Cosmair Inc. , the U.S. licensee of L'Oreal . 
The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share . 
American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 43 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares , Chevron advanced 1 3\/4 to 66 5\/8 on 2.3 million shares , Woolworth rose 1 to 58 5\/8 , Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 72 1\/2 and Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 44 1\/2 . 
Such problems may not be over . 
Kidder made an abrupt about-face on program trading yesterday , after a special meeting between the firm 's president and chief executive officer , Michael Carpenter , and its senior managers . 
But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy . 
After reaching an intraday high of $ 107.50 the day Mr. Trump disclosed his bid Oct. 5 , AMR 's stock had retreated as low as $ 97.75 last week . 
Surely there is someone in the administration , maybe Bob Gates , who could explain them to college students , or even schoolchildren . 
A guy is sitting up in an office deciding what you 're going to eat . '' 
Bruno DeGol , chairman of DeGol Brothers Lumber , Gallitzin , Pa. , was named a director of this bank-holding company , expanding the board to 11 members . 
Graham Pimlott , 40 , was named to the new post of chief executive officer of the merchant-banking corporate-finance division . 
General Electric Co. executives and lawyers provided `` misleading and false '' information to the Pentagon in 1985 in an effort to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices , federal prosecutors alleged in legal briefs . 
Inco Ltd. posted a 35 % decline in third-quarter net income , a performance that was in line with analysts ' expectations . 
Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
Several Wall Street officials say the proposed legislation already is having an impact . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A dropped 1 to 21 1\/8 on 331,400 shares . 
The Republicans show no sign of relenting . 
Yesterday , Armstrong reported flat earnings for the third quarter and nine months , worsened by the stock dilution of an employee stock ownership plan adopted earlier this year . 
Egon Krenz , the man tapped yesterday to become East Germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : reforming a country in crisis . 
The law sets a deficit target of $ 100 billion for fiscal 1990 . 
Furthermore , his actions imply that it is too damaging or costly for society to provide jobs through power-plant construction , coal mining or to build roads for public safety because of the adverse impact on the environment , but it is just fine and dandy for him to transform a mountain high in the Wasatch Range into a ski resort . 
It must be a local custom , I thought , stamping feet to welcome the team . 
In a pattern it aims to copy in several key U.S. destinations , Cathay recently announced plans to serve San Francisco by flying into American Airlines ' Los Angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the U.S. carrier . 
For the more than 43 million Americans with disabilities , the 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act provides the missing piece . 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
New England Electric values its offer at $ 2 billion and PS of New Hampshire values its reorganization plan at $ 2.2 billion . 
Revenue in the period slid almost 8 % to $ 203.2 million from about $ 220 million last year . 
Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the Institute of Medicine . 
The French analysis goes further . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents . 
As members of the Black Caucus in Congress asked during the debate on the legislation that freed Dr. Morgan , does anyone seriously believe that if she were an uneducated , black , working-class woman , Congress would have rushed to pass a private relief bill freeing her ? 
The strike ended Oct . 
Observers also wonder whether Judge Mazzone will use the lost-profits method of determining damages , which Polaroid favors because it would result in a larger award , or the reasonable royalty method . 
There was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before . 
In 1983 `` extended wear '' versions , designed to be worn for 30 days at a time , wree offered . 
At the same time , last week 's consumer price index showed that inflation is moderating . 
Mrs. Garcia , 49 , formerly was a member of Mr. Garcia 's congressional staff . 
Hitachi Zosen Corp. , a shipbuilder buried in debt just a few years ago , will build a machinery plant , its first expansion in 14 years . 
GM has scheduled overtime at its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants , which build the Chevrolet Cavalier . 
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years . 
`` Batman '' alone has racked up more than $ 247 million in box-office receipts to date , making it Warner Bros . ' largest grossing film ever . 
Mr. Lego said the company foresees the need for a major boost in new-generation capability throughout the 1990s . 
Despite several spurts of dollar trading , it was noted that mark-yen cross trade grabbed much of the market 's attention . 
The Tax Court is n't expected to rule before early next year . 
On average , Mr. Lynford says , it now takes three to 3 1\/2 years to fill new office space , compared with 2 1\/2 years in 1988 . 
One news show we saw yesterday even displayed 25 federal officials meeting around a table . 
Start-up costs for the Washington Times alone were close to $ 50 million , and the total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million by 1984 . 
For the nine months , it had a loss of $ 58.3 million , or $ 2.44 a share , after earnings of $ 29.5 million , or $ 1.20 a share , in the 1988 period . 
This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton\/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases . 
`` If I were buying a building in San Francisco now the first thing I 'd do is insist on a structural inspection , then I 'd delay a little , stall a little . '' 
The accord helps RJR pay off debt and boosts Nestle 's 7 % share of the U.S. candy market to 12 % . 
But while the Merc reopened a half hour later , the CBOE remained closed , leaving many options traders unable to make trades that might have reduced the losses . 
Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . 
HUNGARY ADOPTED constitutional changes to form a democratic system . 
The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual . 
Exports in the first eight months grew only 9 % , to $ 31.48 billion , compared with a growth rate of 25 % a year earlier , according to Chinese customs figures . 
Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is `` a fancy'shvartzer ' with a moustache . '' 
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
Environmental groups would soon go out of business were they not able to send out mailings describing the latest threat and asking for money to fight it . 
It also enables minimills finally to get a toehold in the flat-rolled steel market -- the major steelmakers ' largest , most prized , and until now , untouchable , market . 
Studies show , the consultants say , that people absorb information better and remember it longer if they receive it visually . 
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up . 
BanPonce jumped 4 1\/2 to 47 3\/4 after agreeing to be acquired by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for $ 56.25 a share . 
That 's Chandler 's setup . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so-called American-style cigarettes . 
In the latest sign of how difficult it is to place certain junk bonds , Continental Airlines said it was forced to scale back the size of its latest offering . 
As for the projects remaining at Warner , Mr. Guber says , `` Mr. Semel informed me that Warner 's producers have already started a ` feeding frenzy ' for our projects . 
Banks are continuing to go after individual investors , despite falling interest rates . 
`` That 'll save us time and get people involved . '' 
Men were a constant complication . 
Do they really believe that the number is just for verification and is simply a formality on the road to being a grand-prize winner ? 
According to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , options trading in Nekoosa was also heavy , ranking only behind International Business Machines Corp. and UAL in volume on the Chicago Board Options Exchange . 
Should you really own stocks ? 
Scientists call the new class of genes tumor-suppressors , or simply anti-cancer genes . 
So often are government statistics revised that they seem to resemble a spinning weather vane . 
Rumors of Soviet interest also pushed up the prices of soybean futures contracts . 
It 's hard not to feel that God 's in his heaven with this kind of bird's-eye view of the world , even if your pilote in silly plaid beret kept pointing out how `` belle '' it all was . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
According to a survey of some 2,400 large companies by the Japan Development Bank , expanded capacity is the goal of just 51.8 % of the outlays ; for manufacturers alone , the figure is 32 % . 
It is a distinction that satisfies neither side in the debate . 
A brief `` executive summary '' was issued last April , and attracted some , but not much , attention . 
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued New York state for age discrimination against appointed state judges . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on about $ 650 million of Beatrice Co. debt , citing the closely held Chicago food concern 's proposed recapitalization . 
His Republican counterpart , Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) , has used his position to wage a legislative war with the conservative board of the Legal Services Corp . 
Royal withdrew its offer to buy Realist , a maker of optical and electronic products based in Menomonee Falls , Wis. , for $ 14.06 a share in July after Realist disclosed the Ammann purchase . 
If there is n't , { the deal } wo n't be put forward '' to shareholders . 
Four of those insiders sold more than half their holdings . 
The Maybelline beauty product line had higher sales following a sluggish first half . 
Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image . 
Adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management strife have put pressure on the entire Helmsley organization . 
The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta . 
That produced little reaction from his boss , reinforcing speculation the government would use its two conditions as a pretext for avoiding full EMS membership . 
What we 're seeing now makes a mockery of the idea of insurance : collect premiums from the healthy , dump the sick and let them pay their own bills . '' 
Mr. Ruby , 39 , said that he had `` an amicable parting '' with Capital Holding and that he has `` a number of ventures in the financial-services area '' under consideration . 
Bolstering his argument , the Commerce Department reported yesterday that new home sales for September were down 14 % from August 's revised 3.1 % fall . 
The comic book will cost about $ 2 . 
Each scientist independently concluded society and government are underreacting when it comes to substantive policy change . 
The airlines presented it as offering consumers more choice and better flight connections . 
And just last week , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney gave a strong speech listing `` compelling reasons '' to push ahead with SDI and saying he 'd urge President Bush to veto a defense bill with `` inadequate '' funding for the program . 
Maryland Community Development Administration , Department of Housing and Community Development -- $ 80 million of single-family program bonds , 1989 4th and 5th Series , via a Merrill Lynch group . 
HomeFed said the slide in loan originations was more a matter of design than a sign of cooling in the California market . 
The $ 2.25 billion value claimed by Northeast , based in Hartford , Conn. , is the highest yet given to a bid . 
Mr. Marinaro could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
Earlier this year , Penney abandoned another home shopping venture , Telaction Corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it . 
Judith Valente contributed to this article . 
`` At this price , $ 18 plus or minus , and with costs being significantly less than they were several years ago , the economics are pretty good , '' says George Kadane , head of the company . 
Expansion of my living space has produced an obvious need for maintenance and construction of suitable lawns , shrubs and bushes fitting to its suburban locale . 
First Fidelity said it boosted its loan-loss provision to $ 50.9 million from $ 20.4 million a year ago , primarily because of a weaker real-estate sector in the region . 
Whatever the monetary crime losses , they may not be nearly as important to entrepreneurs as the risk of personal injury . 
For several years , Turner Broadcasting System 's Cable News Network has invited viewers to respond nightly to topical issues ( `` Should the U.S. military intervene in Panama ? '' ) , but even the hottest controversies on CNN log only about 10,000 calls . 
`` He reassured me that the hurricane would end , '' Mr. Deaver recalls . 
He predicts the pound will continue to trade in a very volatile fashion , with `` fits of being oversold and overbought '' before recovering its losses . 
The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 . 
Many workers , especially professionals , want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees ca n't . 
Although the plant itself was n't damaged , Mr. Johnson said millions of dollars in first-quarter revenue were lost . 
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) . 
Prosecutors depict a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985 , despite warnings from an internal auditor . 
Last year , the prisons ' sales to the Pentagon totaled $ 336 million . 
LOTUS DEVELOPMENT Corp. 's net income rose 61 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period . 
ARTY FAX from David Hockney begins a tongue-in-cheek exhibit today at New York 's Andre Emmerich Gallery . 
Homestake Mining Co. , San Francisco , blamed the continued slump in gold prices for an 83 % plunge in third-quarter net income to $ 2 million , or two cents a share , from $ 11.2 million , or 12 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms . 
But TVS stunned industry analysts last month by disclosing that it expected MTM to post an operating loss for this year . 
However , a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday . 
I have plenty more at home . '' 
Traders said turnover was particularly thin as investors waited for Wall Street to set the direction for the week . 
The lack of a strong product at the high end of Digital 's line was a significant drag on sales . 
Kurds , suffering what many people consider to be a current extermination campaign at the hands of Syria , Iran and Iraq have inundated eastern Turkey . 
`` The high ratio reflects the fact that silver is still regarded as about a half-industrial metal and its price lagging relative to gold says that traders are expecting a weakening economy , '' he said . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its offer for 50.3 % of LIN Broadcasting Corp . 
The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield and goes ex-dividend today . 
He received $ 724,579 for the shares , according to insider filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
It includes apartments , shopping centers , office buildings and undeveloped land . 
However , competitors say that Kidder 's hiring binge involving executive-level staffers , some with multiple-year contract guarantees , could backfire unless there are results . 
But they foresee little substantial progress in exports unless the dollar and the federal budget deficit come down . 
Instead , Mr. Bush and his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role and felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren and the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences . 
`` Name-dropping is pervasive and getting more so as society becomes more complex and alienating , '' says Herbert Freudenberger , a New York psychoanalyst , with a high-powered clientele . 
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
Hewlett-Packard is based in Palo Alto , Calif . 
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the University of Florida sociologist . 
`` We 've got a lot to do , '' he acknowledged . 
But the lovebirds have a conflict . 
Besides , a computer processing the Japanese language needs a huge memory and much processing capability , while the screen and printer need far better definition to depict accurately the intricate symbols . 
-- Marguerite Whitley May . 
Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined . 
According to Mr. Verwoerd , the early Afrikaner pioneers were the first people to settle in the eastern Transvaal , even before the blacks . 
Nikon said sales rose despite the adverse effect of Japan 's unpopular consumption tax , introduced in April . 
Las Vegas promises , or threatens , to become a giant carnival , with rooms to be had for $ 45 a day or less , for visitors uninspired solely by gambling . 
The big reason : For all its cost-cutting , Nissan remains less efficient than Toyota . 
RIVER RUN : 
Trading was moderate , with 176,100,000 shares changing hands on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Meanwhile , Secretary of State Baker said the U.S. protested to Moscow over shipments of East bloc arms to Salvadoran rebels from Managua . 
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money . 
That 's the lesson offered through one case study featured in a design exhibit . 
Recreation program current interest bonds are due 1990-1995 , and are priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 6.45 % in 1995 . 
In 1989 , Illinois , Kansas , Ohio , Oregon and South Carolina have adopted rights laws , the Federation of Tax Administrators , a state officials ' group , reports ; the features vary . 
Some laggard food issues attracted bargain-hunters , traders said . 
By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the House . 
According to the report , inventories outside the farm sector grew at an annual rate of $ 24.6 billion in the third quarter , up from a $ 19.5 billion pace in the second quarter . 
But many analysts believe that , given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry in Europe , there will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies within the next several months . 
In Monmouth , an important swing area , Republican freeholders now run on a slogan promising to keep the county `` clean and green . '' 
Energetic and concrete action has been taken in Colombia during the past 60 days against the mafiosi of the drug trade , but it has not been sufficiently effective , because , unfortunately , it came too late . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
The proposed purchase requires approval from Investment Canada , which monitors large foreign investments in Canada . 
Mr. Barr said yesterday 's plea by Gulf Power , which came after months of negotiations , was based on evidence that Gulf Power had set up an elaborate payment system through which it reimbursed outside vendors -- primarily three Florida advertising agencies -- for making illegal political contributions on its behalf . 
Mr. Seidman said yesterday , for example , that Sen. Dennis DeConcini ( D. , Ariz. ) , who received $ 48,100 in contributions from Mr. Keating , phoned Mr. Seidman to request that he push for a sale of Lincoln before it would be seized . 
Both companies will replace the oil filler cap with a ventilated oil filler cap . 
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . 
He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds . 
And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
Sources said that meetings to discuss the staff reductions have been scheduled for Friday at Mobil offices in New Orleans and Denver . 
Yesterday , even before the resignations were announced , the index dove 32.5 points to close at 2129.4 . 
If directors or producers phone me and say they know ` Liz , ' I know they 've never met her . 
Thousands of chemical products were categorized as carcinogenic , with recommendations that they be banned from industrial use because they produced malignant tumors in overdosed rats . 
Granges said in Vancouver , British Columbia , that the production halt will be phased in over a 10-week period . 
The disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in April 1987 . 
Winnebago Industries slid 5\/8 to 5 1\/4 . 
Perhaps he might have cited Mr. Gorbachev 's need for `` a stable currency , free and competitive markets , private property and real prices '' and other pie-in-the-sky reforms . 
People are too embarrassed to say they have n't done anything . '' 
It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were concealing income and treating large amounts of nondeductible travel and other personal expenses as business costs , Mr. Washburn says . 
Hoechst AG 's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995 . 
Stock of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. gyrated wildly yesterday amid speculation that one or more investors may challenge the UAL board 's decision to remain independent instead of pursuing a buy-out or other transaction . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Mr. Keating , for his part , has filed suit alleging that regulators unlawfully seized the thrift . 
Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit in federal court in Maine challenging the poison pill and the Maine merger law . 
One handout promises : `` Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry . '' 
Apparently acknowledging weaker U.S. sales systemwide , McDonald 's vowed `` to use our size and muscle to do all that is necessary to build the brand . '' 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. must extend its offer for LIN Broadcasting Corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , LIN said in New York . 
Pro-Iranian kidnappers renewed an offer to trade their captives in Lebanon for at least 15 Shiite Moslem comrades jailed in Kuwait . 
Mr. Lee also reported to the president that , in a separate meeting , Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin said the Chinese leadership `` looked kindly on the students who took part in the demonstrations . '' 
And $ 70.2 million would go to projects in Tennessee represented by his Senate counterpart and fellow Democrat , Sen. James Sasser . 
The third part , consisting of $ 18.5 million of 12 1\/8 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1996 , was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75 % . 
`` We 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , '' Dr. Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical . 
Overall , he said , the trend in stock prices will be down as the economy weakens . 
`` This is America , '' he says . 
ESPs are also an attempt by the Big Board to head off the exodus of program trading business to overseas markets such as London . 
`` It 's like everyone climbing out of the QE II and getting into a lifeboat , '' says John Jacobson , an analyst with AUS Consultants . 
Officials expect the Golden Gate Bridge to be swamped with an extra load of commuters , including East Bay residents making a long detour . 
Price talk calls for the reset notes to be priced at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
The board is n't aware of any attempts to take over Philip Morris , the company said . 
Rohm & Haas Co. said third-quarter net income skidded 35 % to $ 32.6 million , or 49 cents a share . 
`` Without the exclusivity , most venture capitalists wo n't have the incentive to invest in such deals , '' Mr. Bock says . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
This , in turn , threatens the massive vested interests of which you have written . 
Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said . 
Until now it had sat idle . 
That would indicate that the arbs have paper losses on UAL alone totalling $ 725 million . 
There is a simple reason for this : the Cuban people . 
Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . 
But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers . 
Mr. Francois-Poncet responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management . 
Company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available . 
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
LOCKHEED CORP. , Calabasas , aerospace and defense concern , annual sales of $ 10.59 billion , NYSE , said its Lockheed Missiles & Space division closed its Santa Cruz test facility because of power outages and landslides . 
And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors . 
The solution , at least for some investors , may be a hedging technique that 's well known to players in the stock-options market . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
Sales rose 9 % to $ 7.54 billion from $ 6.95 billion . 
More than $ 1.8 million is allocated for pensions and expenses for former presidents , and the budget for the official residence of Vice President Quayle is more than doubled , with $ 200,000 designated for improvements to the property . 
Frankly , the only way I can think of to accomplish this is to make it possible for addicts to buy drugs at some regulated place at a price that approximates their cost . 
Despite renewed interest by the public in such topics as the environment and the Third World , it has n't been able to shake its reputation as a magazine boys like to flip through in search of topless tribe women . 
The news could n't have been better , '' said Linda Kristiansen , a Dean Witter Reynolds analyst , in an interview . 
As a result of the partial sale and spinoff , the $ 56 billion California Public Employees Retirement System would obtain two seats on the board of the real estate operation , according to officials of the fund , who described the plan . 
`` The magazines I am looking for are underdeveloped , '' said Mr. Ritterman . 
The debt , estimated at $ 4.7 billion , could mortgage the cellular company 's future earning power in order to placate some LIN holders in the short term . 
The persecution pursued the Rothschilds across Europe as the Nazis grabbed countries , confiscating the family 's property in the process . 
A bill that would permit the Securities and Exchange Commission to monitor the financial condition of securities firms ' holding companies is facing tough opposition from some Wall Street firms , which argue that the legislation is unnecessary . 
That means goods could be manufactured closer to customers , saving shipping costs , he said . 
S.A. brewing would make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , according to the commission . 
An estimated $ 25.8 million is allocated to continue work in Oman . 
Now , the personal-computer revolution is finally reaching Japan . 
Investors believe they can can rely on such derivative securities to get in and out of the stock market without actually selling any stocks ; that is , a way of staying liquid even when they own stocks . 
Which brings up the worst and meanest ghost of all -- the ghost of the shah of Iran . 
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way . 
Also participating in the issue was Servifilm Spain Cinematografica S.A . 
Among other software issues , Autodesk jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 , Lotus Development was unchanged at 32 1\/2 , Novell jumped 7\/8 to 30 3\/4 , Ashton-Tate gained 1\/4 to 10 5\/8 , and Oracle Systems rose 3\/4 to 25 3\/4 . 
The first thought some investors had was that a red-faced Shearson must have been wildly bullish on stocks in its original commentary , and that 's why it purged its pages . 
Rockwell International Corp. bought out Ikegai Corp. 's interest in Ikegai-Goss , a joint venture of the two companies based in Tokyo . 
Workers , except for senior management , were asked not to report for work yesterday . 
In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill . 
The directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional Bell operating companies to purchase the company 's interests . 
An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens . 
The company 's president quit suddenly . 
On Friday , Hambrecht & Quist added St. Jude Medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends . 
But the people familiar with the talks said that Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement . 
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . 
`` This is n't a technology issue , but an attitude issue , '' he says . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
The Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , Imprimis , to Seagate Technology Inc . 
Whatever the long-term economic effect , the scene from the helicopter above Oakland is one of tragedy . 
Mr. Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and property magnate Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions . 
But short-term bonds ca n't rise too much , because everyone knows they will be redeemed at a preset price fairly soon . 
No customer is present at the morning package sort , but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction . 
That brought a chain reaction in the industry . 
HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17 . 
THE SALES PITCH could n't sound better . 
Wells Rich Greene , however , in an effort directed by Mary Wells Lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business . 
Meson Investment Ltd. , a Vancouver , B.C.-based investment firm , said it raised its stake in Verit Industries to 8.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
The company attributed the improvement to strong demand in the semiconductor equipment segment as well as the acquisition of Echelon Service Co. and the inclusion of a full year 's results of operations for RTS Inc. , compared with seven months ' results for the prior year . 
There 's no risk to the protesters , and you ca n't keep an abortion clinic open if there are 3,000 people standing outside every day . '' 
Most of the commodity traffic was off , the company said . 
It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts . 
At Fannie Mae , he will take responsibility for the corporation 's financial and legal areas and will work with David Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer , and Roger Birk , president and chief operating officer , on strategic planning . 
Even though only 12 % actually predicted a recession , many respondents were taking a better-safe-than sorry investment stance . 
True , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning . 
Mr. Dozen even related the indignity suffered when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing . 
A three-year-old Brooklyn boy was used as a shield by a drug dealer . 
In races for the White House , a voter 's incentive , at the margin , is to lean Republican . 
We would have thought by now , though , that there was a significant core of people involved in government life who understood that direct taxation is n't the only way to slow down an economy . 
Sales increased 7 % to $ 1.49 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . '' 
Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp . 
Termination means that the agency 's insurance assumes the liabilities and pays the pension benefits already owed under the plans , but workers do n't accrue new benefits . 
`` This is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new Mexico . 
A law went on the books in January that let him smoke bacon without breeding pigs . 
Both Mr. Brown , the state 's most influential legislator , and Gov. Deukmejian favor a temporary sales tax increase -- should more money be needed than the state can raise from existing sources and the federal government . 
Over the long run , however , sleazy cases will make bad law . 
Sales fell to $ 981.2 million from $ 1.02 billion . 
House leaders had hoped to follow the Senate 's lead by getting an agreement from House committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 1990 budget deficit from the House-passed bill before the negotiations with the Senate began . 
Whether Polly Peck 's acquisition makes sense remains to be seen , but at the news conference , Mr. Nadir brimmed with self-confidence that he can turn Sansui around . 
But once a franchisee agrees to a promotional program , the franchiser can demand full participation to the very end , says Lew Rudnick , a principal of Rudnick & Wolfe , a Chicago law firm with franchise industry clients . 
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
He acknowledges that spreads `` were too wide and volumes too light '' in the extreme conditions on Manic Monday . 
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may underlie last Friday 's stock market slide . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Medical closed at $ 23.625 , up $ 1.875 . 
Second , we trimmed more than a month off the time required to deliver a finished product . '' 
For especially stubborn haunts , Mr. Baker carries a secret weapon , a vial of cornstarch . 
# 200 million of undated variable-rate notes priced at par via Merill Lynch International Ltd . 
The move is a setback for Bush , who needs Democratic support to pass a capital-gains cut in the Senate . 
It virtually dictated how ships were to be built and it monitored commerce through a unrivaled intelligence network in ports around the globe . 
Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients . 
-- `` Being a student-athlete at college is a lot different from high school . 
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School . 
Mr. Phelan has been viewed by many exchange members as being indifferent to stock-price swings caused by program trades . 
MCI traded as low as 41 3\/8 during the session . 
But three out of four managers ca n't accurately state the value of their own packages , consultant Noble Lowndes says . 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
For providing what his customers described as very personal and helpful service . 
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill , opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years . 
It depends on when you look . 
Mr. Hilger said Hoechst will invest 50 million marks ( $ 27.2 million ) in a plant to make a substitute product it has developed that it says is unchlorinated . 
`` You can tell they 've got nothin ' . '' 
Pierre Peladeau , a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. , figures to become a big player in North American printing -- and his ambitions do n't end there . 
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday , as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy . 
These days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close-mouthed almost to the point of curtness . 
British Satellite faces competition from Sky Television , a satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
`` Consolidation has been long overdue . 
In a declining London stock market yesterday , Jaguar shares were down four pence from Monday in late trading , at 694 pence ( $ 11.11 ) a share . 
It also would create a new IRA that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
American Pioneer Inc. said it agreed in principle to sell its American Pioneer Life Insurance Co. subsidiary to Harcourt Brace Jovanovich Inc. 's HBJ Insurance Cos. for $ 27 million . 
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems . 
Sotheby 's defends itself and Mr. Paul in the matter . 
`` The myths that Japan is not open to concerns from outside has , I think , been demolished at a stroke , '' Mr. Nadir said . 
As smaller and more powerful computers continue to be the focus of the industry , he said , Western Digital is strengthening development of laptop parts . 
`` We 're making a fairly obvious plea for some emotional reaction , '' says Tom Rost , creative director at Ogilvy & Mather . 
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor 's conduct has always been the common law 's method . 
Medstone International plummeted 3 1\/4 to 7 1\/4 . 
Back in Berkeley , he was violently scolded by a left-wing lady friend for consorting with such people . 
Sales rose 4.5 % to $ 522.3 million from $ 499.4 million . 
The decision was announced after trading ended . 
In fact , Kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer-driven program trading ; in that controversial business , only Morgan Stanley & Co. rivals Kidder . 
The complaint alleges that the price is `` unfair and grossly inadequate '' and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a `` lockup '' of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
A sudden surge or drop in electric power could ruin integrated circuits being built . 
The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who contributed heavily to several U.S. senators . 
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp . 
`` This is a one-time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia-Pacific bid . 
Another recent Hitachi suit accuses Motorola of reverse engineering a Hitachi technology -- a turnabout from a nation of champion reverse engineers . 
`` It makes no sense for us to put money at risk when you know you 're going to lose , '' says Mr. Antolini , of Donaldson Lufkin . 
He said : `` We know of no technology that exists anywhere in the world that would allow us to '' reinforce the columns . 
Other scandal survivors are sometimes the best source of solace . 
Dealers said the market gained some late steam on a flurry of buying by market-makers looking at blue-chip issues and stocks viewed as oversold during the market 's recent downtrend . 
Potential buyers , mostly foreign companies , are reluctant to take a non-controlling stake in a company that , by the government 's own reckoning , needs some $ 100 million in new capital for rehabilitation . 
In this week 's show , there 's an unsafe nuclear weaponsmaking facility ( a la Rocky Flats ) . 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
Sanford Kane , U.S. Memories president , said the decision was `` disappointing , '' but does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure . 
`` Rates have n't really peeled off that much , '' Mr. Regalia said . 
On Monday , U.S. officials received a routine , unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama . 
Senator Phil Gramm pointed out Monday that in the 20 years before Gramm-Rudman was enacted in 1985 , federal spending grew by about 11 % a year ; since the law , it 's grown at under 5 % annually . 
That list includes last season 's champs , the Los Angeles Dodgers , who rode a miracle home run by Kirk Gibson and two faultless pitching performances by Orel Hershiser to a five-game triumph over a bewitched , bothered Oakland crew . 
The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates and leave the index at 178.9 , up from 178.5 in August and 173.1 a year earlier . 
As Jaguar 's biggest holder and Britain 's biggest car maker , Ford could turn up the heat by convening a special shareholders ' meeting and urging holders to drop the limits early . 
Western European leaders who favor speedy economic and monetary union are adding a new argument to their arsenal : the dizzying political changes under way in Eastern Europe . 
They tried to put Mr. Maynard out of business by an act of Congress . 
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen , prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit 's tumble . 
President Bush has the power to change how Washington works , if only he will use it . 
`` For the first time in history , we have a training wage that will be part '' of the nation 's labor laws , said Roger Porter , assistant to the president for economic and domestic policy . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A fell 1 3\/4 to 20 3\/4 . 
Rhone-Poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million . 
The average seven-day compounded yield fell to 8.55 % from 8.60 % the week earlier , Donoghue 's said . 
By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions . 
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter . 
In addition , a handful of paintings from the Dorrance collection remain to be sold at Sotheby 's annual old masters paintings auction in January . 
A hearing is scheduled on the issue today . 
Pravda gave no estimate for overall unemployment but said an `` Association of the Unemployed '' has cropped up that says the number of jobless is 23 million Soviets , or 17 % of the work force . 
The offer will expire at 5 p.m. EST on Nov. 6 , unless extended again . 
Unless the laws determining the noteholder 's rights to payment are independent of the issuer of those notes , however , a gold-based ruble would be as unsuccessful for the Soviets as it was for the czars . 
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ) . 
The U.S. indictment charges Ad Ventures was a front used to funnel kickbacks to the then-minister of tourism . 
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake . 
Net product sales accounted for $ 76 million , up from $ 57.5 million a year earlier . 
The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif . 
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit . 
Under traditional legal theories , inability to prove which company manufactured a drug that caused an injury or death would lead to the lawsuit being dismissed . 
Revenue rose 8.3 % to $ 780 million from $ 720 million . 
California 's high-priced real estate puts it in an awkward position , too . 
It originates in a Bush administration decision not to antagonize the U.S. Congress and avoid , at all costs , being accused of meddling in the region . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 400,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked . 
Analysts expect Armstrong to use proceeds of the sale to reduce debt , buy back stock or perhaps finance an acquisition . 
A person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it . 
Sebastian Guzman Cabrera took over the oil workers union , Mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last January . 
The egg producers also lobbied the Food and Drug Administration . 
Philip Morris disclosed little detailed information about performance by major business lines except to say that most , including Philip Morris U.S.A. , Kraft General Foods and Miller Brewing Co. , posted increased revenues . 
Mr. Nye thinks the UAL board should be ousted if it does n't move soon to increase shareholder value . 
In the past Mr. Threlkeld has been known to have substantial long positions that is , he had bought copper futures in anticipation of rising prices -- in the copper futures market . 
Time Warner has vigorously denied all of Viacom 's allegations . 
Rumors of an impending devaluation have been circulating in Moscow for weeks , but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise . 
Details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue . 
Their combined stake consists of 880,500 CACI common shares , including 86,500 shares bought in the past 60 days at $ 2.3125 to $ 2.4375 a share . 
The bank acquiesced . 
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market . 
So far this year , rising demand for OPEC oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm despite rampant cheating by others . 
Now , there have been a number of questions raised . '' 
The new real estate unit would have a separate capital structure to comply with the law . 
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group . 
For instance , a CD-type annuity from North American Co. for Life & Health Insurance , Chicago , offers 8.8 % interest for one year or a 9 % rate for two years . 
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco , the Japan Association of Travel Agents said . 
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline . 
But he also pointed out that the recalls will have no impact on GE 's engine production . 
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion . 
The two boards said in a joint statement that the proposed merger agreement was considered in separate board meetings in Oslo Monday . 
So view permanent insurance for what it is -- a compromise between pure insurance and direct investment . 
Advancing issues on the Big Board surged ahead of decliners 1,111 to 
Instead , Sony is likely to agree to let Warner participate in certain of its businesses , such as the record club of Sony 's CBS Records unit . 
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Tuesday . 
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities . 
Terms were n't disclosed for the plant , which will have annual capacity of 600,000 tons . 
`` For the past two years , the foreign trade sector has been a major contributor to economic growth . 
Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System . 
TransCanada transports all gas that moves eastward from Alberta . 
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster . 
This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that amasses cash value . 
`` They 'll be more timorous in tackling their own voters , like opening up more to agricultural imports from America , hurting their farmers . '' 
Among other things , the Agriculture Department is widely thought to be mulling whether to subsidize the sale of soybean oil to the Soviet Union . 
Sales rose 8.5 % to 195.19 billion yen from 179.916 billion yen . 
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said . 
Poland plans to start negotiations soon on purchasing natural gas from Iran , the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . 
NATO defense ministers opened a two-day meeting in Portugal to assess the alliance 's nuclear-weapons needs amid reduced East-West tensions . 
The law is meant to overcome delays caused by defendants ' use of foreign procedures to block U.S. requests for records , Judge Keenan said in his opinion . 
`` I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000 people to use every day , '' said Richard Katz , a state legislator who is chairman of the California Assembly 's transportation committee . 
But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said . 
A spokesman for the company said Campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment . 
It 's hard to believe this really is happening . 
Before good will , Overnite Transportation earnings fell 11 % to $ 15 million , Union Pacific said . 
When Mr. Trump sued Bally , he sued only on behalf of himself . 
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Combined revenue for the latest quarter of Time Warner was $ 2.2 billion , compared with the year-ago Time revenue of $ 1.1 billion . 
When the economy stumbled in the mid-1970s , Akzo NV fell out of bed . 
But those dollars have been going into such `` safe '' products as money market funds , which do n't generate much in the way of commissions for the brokerage firms . 
HOT TOPIC : 
For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products . 
The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' 
But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared as stocks staged a partial recovery . 
The company declined to estimate the value of the Norwegian holding . 
Construction of the 265,000-square-foot facility will begin next year , with production expected to start in late 1991 . 
She said that the timing of the United Kingdom 's entry would depend on the speed with which other members liberalize their economies . 
Two steps are necessary to translate this idea into action . 
`` It 's a sensational piece about someone who is not here to defend himself . '' 
Industry executives said Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit , but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi . 
The program matches funds raised from the sale of the commercial paper with small to medium-sized leases . 
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years . 
Mr. Cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds . 
Harley has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group or any other party . 
Logic plays a minimal role here . 
( General obligation bonds are backed by the city 's overall revenues and credit . ) 
AMR was trading at around $ 84 yesterday before his withdrawal announcement , then immediately fell to about $ 76 . 
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
`` But when prices were crazy , it was even harder to do an LBO . 
JCKC : 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
At his first school in the U.S. he was thought a little strange for shutting off open water taps and admonishing his schoolmates to take only brief showers . 
Built into the statute are so-called design immunities , which are likely to protect government agencies , according to Mr. Ruvolo and Richard Covert , a lawyer with the California Department of Transportation , which oversees the damaged Bay Bridge . 
Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called Tivoli , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts . 
After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed considerably . 
`` Do n't take this as some big opening for major movement on economic cooperation , or arms control , or the environment , '' he said . 
Some said Friday 's market debacle had given Mr. Trump an excuse to bail out of an offer that showed signs of stalling even before problems emerged with the UAL deal . 
The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
As a result of the sales he holds 6,727,042 shares . 
The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices , buckled asphalt or sidewalks . 
At 15 % , base interest rates are the highest in eight years , and the 7.6 % annual inflation rate is by far the highest in the European Community . 
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares . 
Merchant banker Morgan Grenfell climbed 14 to 406 on renewed takeover speculation . 
`` They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , '' Mr. Hoyt said . 
Enthusiasts say the booming market has opened up a valuable new source of funds to issuers , while providing a valuable new investment for individuals and institutions . 
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank . 
A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2 % and 3 % , respectively . 
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors . 
Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media . 
A Sanwa Bank spokesman denied that the finance ministry played any part in the bank 's decision . 
With the company also exercising a plan to buy back as many as 10 % of its shares outstanding , B.A.T closed at 783 , up 27 . 
An additional 299,000 shares are authorized for repurchase under an earlier stock buy-back program . 
Mr. Alexander says he regards the agreement , which has n't been submitted to a judge , as something of a joke . 
Weisfield 's , based in Seattle , Wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states . 
Markets -- 
Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC . 
Mr. Cole said the sale of the 77-year Financial Times , which Southam has owned since 1961 , is consistent with Southam 's strategy of cutting costs to obtain maximum profits from its operations while disposing of `` chronically under-performing '' assets . 
Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties to lenders through `` deeds in lieu of foreclosure . '' 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
( Mr. O'Dwyer is now one of the lawyers for Mr. Sutton 's media company . ) 
The current quarter , he said , `` looks fine . 
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
The memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges . 
Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled . 
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed . 
As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions . 
As thanks , the egg industry tried to break him . 
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door . 
Both men were also relieved of their duties yesterday . 
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ? 
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs . 
Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive , Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 666 million ) to acquire the company . 
Investors who change their mind about buying or selling after an order has been filled are , usually , stuck with the consequences . 
Numerous injuries were reported . 
Tokyo 's winning streak came to an end , and stocks fell in Frankfurt and across Europe as well . 
A few days after that Sept. 17 game , Mr. Aikman broke a finger , sidelining him for weeks . 
Like lemmings , we tend to move in the same direction at same time . '' 
Big financial stocks carried the day . 
Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions . 
Yoshitoki Chino retains his title of chairman of Daiwa , Japan 's second-largest securities firm . 
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes . 
The struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town . 
The judge ordered that a hearing be held Nov. 17 to determine how much the city should pay Mr. Hoelzer for his services . 
The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders . 
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
He said ours is supposed to be `` a government of laws not of men , '' and yet RICO defenders `` tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO . '' 
Of course that was n't the actual conversation the late anti-war activist , protest leader and founder of the Yippies ever had with his brother . 
But except for the embarrassment , British Air will emerge relatively unscathed from the flopped issue . 
Eavesdropping by individuals is harder to measure . 
The venture cost Quebecor $ 12 million , Mr. Peladeau says . 
`` It 's hard to think someone is raping your garden , '' he says . 
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ? 
In either case , ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience . 
But advancing issues on the Big Board were ahead of decliners 784 to 700 . 
The repurchase , coupled with an earlier buyback , will reduce the firm 's shares outstanding by over 26 % . 
If you find sound , healthy companies in Japan , they are not for sale , '' said George Watanabe , a management-consultant at Tokyo-based Asia Advisory Services Inc . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's restated commitment to a firm monetary policy has helped to prevent a freefall in sterling over the past week . 
Mr. Peladeau has never made any apologies for publishing the tabloid , a brash mix of crime and sports . 
But James Ireland , a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total `` half-life '' value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more . 
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one . 
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. -- $ 300 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon convertible notes , also known as liquid yield option notes , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , priced at 308.32 to yield at maturity 8 % . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million of commercial paper in each maturity next Tuesday . 
Retired army Chief of Staff Krishnaswami Sundarji discloses in an interview that he suggested in May 1987 that the government cancel the Bofors contract . 
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision . 
CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial and military aircraft simulators and training equipment . 
A UPS spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages . 
The new stock baskets `` are going to make it easier for program trading to be done . 
Next year Western Digital plans to consolidate its operations from 11 buildings in Irvine into two buildings in the same city a new headquarters and , a block away , a modern $ 100 million silicon wafer fabrication plant . 
Finally , Scenario 4 reduces the budget by 2 % per year for the next five years -- a total reduction of $ 287 billion . 
Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country . 
Manufacturers ' shipments rose 0.3 % in August following two months of declines . 
Others complain that the consultants ' growing influence exacerbates the advantage of litigants wealthy enough to afford such pricey services . 
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . '' 
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 . 
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs , which cost $ 425 and have since been copied by others , is a bit like straddling a recliner . 
Rep. Schaefer ( R. , Colo. ) entered a bill to exempt from tax rewards for tips leading to the arrest of violent criminals . 
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan . 
Intelogic Trace , a computer services company , was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985 , after Mr. Edelman gained control . 
Mr. Mastro will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for Gibson Dunn , which is based in Los Angeles . 
The Big Board 's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual . 
The proposed guidelines could also delay commercialization -- and force small companies to waste scarce capital , entrepreneurs say . 
Proceeds from the offering will be used to repay borrowings under the short-term parts of a credit agreement . 
Tokyu Group announced during the weekend that each Group company will buy the others ' stocks to defend themselves against a rumored takeover . 
Mercedes officials said they expect flat sales next year even though they see the U.S. luxury-car market expanding slightly . 
It certainly wo n't get there on looks . 
Losses at El Dorado Investment Co. , the venture-capital operation , widened to $ 6.8 million from $ 425,000 a year earlier . 
Still , Britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation joins in the European Community 's plan to create a unified market by 1992 . 
Many thanks for Alexander Cockburn 's comic masterpiece ( `` U.S. . Economy : A House Built on Junk-Bond Sand , '' Viewpoint , Oct. 19 ) . 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company . 
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share 
`` I told him to make Mitchell reach for everything , and that 's what we did . 
However , the company also lost orders because of prolonged labor talks in the second quarter . 
The company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion . 
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high-performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market-research firm InfoCorp . 
He blames the indictment on local political feuding , unhappiness with his aggressive efforts to clear the courthouse 's docket and a vendetta by state investigators and prosecutors angered by some of his rulings against them . 
The U.S. , in a far-reaching plan submitted to the Geneva meeting Tuesday , proposed curbing price support subsidies within 10 years and eliminating export subsidies within five years . 
Daimler-Benz dropped 12.5 to 710.5 , Bayerische Motoren Werke dropped 10.5 to 543.5 , and Volkswagen lost 7.1 . 
`` This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company , '' said Mips Vice President John Hime . 
Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . 
At discount brokerage Charles Schwab & Co. , such `` cash-equivalent '' investments recently accounted for a record $ 8 billion of the firm 's $ 25 billion of client 's assets . 
Despite many doubts about his candidacy , white New Yorkers -- who gave Mr. Dinkins 30 % of their votes in the primary -- are n't expected to desert in sufficient numbers to turn the election to Mr. Giuliani . 
Five minutes before the Big Board opened , a preliminary price was flashed for UAL -- somewhere between 135 and 155 , a loss of as much as $ 43 a share from Monday 's close . 
Some people think the search for liquidity is fruitless . 
By contrast , the Comex in July imported a highly regarded outsider , Arnold F. Staloff , as its president . 
They all understand point one : Nothing the U.S. can do will make much difference in whether Mr. Gorbachev succeeds with perestroika . 
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings . 
Japanese culture vs. American culture is irrelevant . 
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
In his opening arguments last week in federal court in New York , Mr. Lang told the jury that Mr. Lorin was the `` real master criminal '' behind the stock manipulation , and that Mr. Laff knew nothing about it . 
There is no rational justification for such behavior . 
Some U.S. entrepreneurs operate on a smaller scale . 
( He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . ) 
`` A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , '' she proclaims . 
Expo enthusiasts argue that holding the fair would attract businesses , create jobs and help renovate abandoned sections of town . 
His campaign hierarchy is chosen from elsewhere in the state , and faced with criticism of a sweetheart bank investment , he has so far blunted the issue by donating the bulk of his profits to his alma mater , Trenton State College . 
With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs , this looked like a dull undertaking . 
But a few experts , going against the consensus , do n't think bonds would help investors even if a recession is in the offing . 
The white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented , because in city-wide elections only black candidates or white candidates who catered to `` black interests '' could win . 
A Chris-Craft station manager said there have been no formal talks . 
Sir Piers Jacobs , Hong Kong 's financial secretary , says a further downward revision may be justified unless the economy stages a more convincing rally . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 68 days ; 8.30 % 69 to 89 days ; 8.125 % 90 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook . 
`` Mega or non-mega , we feel the prospectus standards need to be considerably improved , '' he says . 
That 's about half the price of comparably equipped IBM mainframes . 
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN . 
`` Our competitors say we overbid them . 
They could all fairly be described as `` pap '' courses . 
But most companies are too afraid to take that chance . 
For the first nine months of the year , Hasbro 's net income rose 33 % to $ 68.2 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 51.3 million , or 88 cents a share , on a 3.1 % increase in revenue to $ 992.7 million from $ 963 million a year earlier . 
At that time , Sam Merksamer , president of the chain , angrily denied that his company was about to file . 
Analytic Sciences Corp. was awarded a $ 10.1 million Air Force contract for technical support . 
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b . H. , a West German photographic products distributor . 
But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group . 
The Independent Insurance Agents of America says fewer than one of every five California homeowners has earthquake insurance . 
Does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted ? 
Not everyone is so pessimistic . 
So , it is n't surprising that consumer-credit delinquencies at banks remain , as the chart shows , reassuringly below some earlier highs ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
As a result , last March the General Services Administration board of contract appeals directed NASA to reopen negotiations on the contract . 
St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose . 
Mr. Rosen , though , believes imports have reinvigorated the industry in which he has worked for most of his 57 years . 
The West German chemical concern called the moves a further step in the internationalization of its business activities . 
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how if the price is right . 
Comsat Video is headed by Robert Wussler , who resigned his No. 2 executive post with Turner Broadcasting System Inc. just two weeks ago to take the Comsat position . 
The National Security Council itself was established in 1947 because policy makers sensed a need , in an increasingly complex world , for a formal system within the White House to make sure that communications flowed smoothly between the president and the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence agencies . 
Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment powered with diesel and gas turbines . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.337 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.292 % at last week 's sale . 
`` La Familia de Hoy , '' or `` Today 's Family , '' will debut this spring and will combine a national bimonthly magazine and TV programming . 
Excluding earnings from discontinued operations a year earlier , net fell only 2 % . 
Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
PepsiCo closed at $ 58.50 a share , up $ 1.375 . 
Banco Popular de Puerto Rico and BanPonce Corp. -- agreed to merge in a transaction valued at $ 324 million . 
The announcement coincides with the start of the Commonwealth Ministers Conference in Kuala Lumpur , where proposals for renewed sanctions against South Africa , including moves to block settling of a new debt agreement , were scheduled to be discussed . 
Elsewhere in the group , General Re rose 2 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 , American International Group gained 3 1\/4 to 102 5\/8 , Aetna Life & Casualty added 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/2 and Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 62 1\/2 . 
Mr. Curran expects industry RV sales for all of 1989 to fall about 5 % from 1988 , when sales of 427,300 units were the highest since 1978 . 
A company spokeswoman said the company had n't decided what measures to take , but did n't rule out legal action . 
They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office to Toronto from Vancouver and a name change to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd . 
Federated ran into a cash crunch after it was acquired last year by Campeau , which relied heavily on debt to finance the transaction . 
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants . 
That is another small encouragement for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in coming weeks , they reasoned . 
Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher , with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980 . 
All the issues were priced at a spread of 37 basis points above the Treasury strips with similar maturities . 
The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
The effort to create the nation 's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion offer . 
That approach flopped : Last Christmas Day , a USAir Group Inc. DC-9 jetliner flew about seven passengers from Chicago to Pittsburgh . 
However , many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market 's plunge as `` a great buying opportunity , '' said Charles I. Clough , chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Today , trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard . 
GORBACHEV SAID Moscow wo n't intervene in East bloc moves to democracy . 
WASHINGTON LIES LOW after the stock market 's roller-coaster ride . 
Despite the problems with new issues , high-yield bonds showed gains in the secondary , or resell , market . 
-- Mayor Art Agnos stands in the glare of television lights trying to explain for the 20th time why the city is severely restricting access to badly damaged structures . 
`` We are in a transitional phase from being a Japanese company to becoming an international company based in Japan , '' says Mr. Muramatsu , the executive vice president . 
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales . 
Industrial output fell 0.1 % in September , the latest sign manufacturing is slowing . 
This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments . 
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . 
The difference is magnified by time , too . 
Stock funds , like the market as a whole , generally dropped more than 2 % in the week through last Thursday , according to figures compiled by Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
Healthcare operates many of the health-care properties that HealthVest owns . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power . 
But then , even a great many words could n't summarize the extraordinary pull of this movie about an orphaned bear who adopts a parent . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
According to those familiar with the situation , other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of London and Kay Jewelers Inc . 
Ambassador Katz said the U.S. was open to discussing particular problems of developing countries . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. -- 
`` What good is having health insurance , '' she asked , `` when it 's so expensive that it becomes impossible to keep after only one major claim ? 
`` I think there 's a disease called buyer 's regret , and I 'm sure it 's running rampant at this moment , but it gets cured in a short period of time , '' says Kenneth Leventhal , co-managing partner of Kenneth Leventhal & Co. , a Los Angeles accounting firm specializing in real estate . 
But one price paid for the higher expected return is greater short-term volatility , as reflected in the higher standard deviation that Seidman estimates for the younger couple 's portfolio . 
`` If there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , I think the attitude will be supportive , '' said Kirk West , president of the California Chamber of Commerce . 
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6145 , up from $ 1.6055 late Tuesday . 
MCA Inc. said third-quarter net fell 6.3 % to $ 50.8 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 54.3 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 
At the end of the third quarter McDonald 's had 10,873 units operating world-wide . 
Separately , Lone Star Technologies said the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan . 
In addition to the $ 8 million for Citicorp and Chase , Salomon Brothers is also owed $ 3 million for promising to make a $ 200 million bridge loan . 
Mr. Green thought little of it , he told the grand jury , until the judge walked up to him after the courtroom had cleared and suggested a kickback . 
Kate 's Ma ( Louise Latham ) is a moral coward . 
Probably , it did n't . 
FIG : 
But less than two years later , the LDP started to crumble , and dissent rose to unprecedented heights . 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
It says 40 % of those surveyed report that 1989 exploration spending will exceed 1988 's . 
Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 2 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 69 days ; 8.40 % 70 to 89 days ; 8.20 % 90 to 119 days ; 8.05 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.90 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
But Citicorp has lost some credibility because it also led the unsuccessful effort to gain bank loans for the labor-management group . 
In August , by contrast , program trading averaged 10.3 % of daily Big Board turnover . 
The product is n't widely used yet , but Toshiba , which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs , believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again . 
Analysts viewed the chairman 's comments as an indication that the central bank is disinclined to ease monetary policy further in the near future . 
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter . 
In the midst of the current turmoil , Saatchi is attempting to shore up its ad businesses . 
For now , however , the naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers and the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
First , the sport you play is no longer a game -- it becomes a job . 
Dream on . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors . 
Of course , it does n't hurt that Mr. Kloves has made up for his lack of experience behind the camera with technicians who know exactly what they 're doing . 
The lightning moves show that the stock market remains fragile and volatile -- ready to jump at the slightest rumor -- a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge . 
That Moscow , with its dilapidated economic machine , would try to sell high technology to Japan , one of the world 's high-tech leaders , sounds like a coals-to-Newcastle notion . 
The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down . 
But what is really significant is the indexation of capital gains after 1991 . 
The company is an independent refined-petroleum-products pipeline serving six Western states . 
ABB Asea Brown Boveri is the Dutch unit of the Swedish-Swiss electrical engineering group ABB Asea Brown Boveri AG . 
But we ca n't produce enough anymore . '' 
Mr. Jordan , formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. , succeeds Donald Broderick , who died at 52 in an automobile accident . 
In 1988 New Era sought a permanent injunction to restrain Henry Holt & Co. from publishing `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' on the ground that Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard infringed the copyrights . 
Three minutes into the massage , the man curled up , began shaking and turned red . 
After 16 weeks , the group that took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels , and an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins , the so-called bad cholesterol . 
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 108 1\/4 to yield 3.846 % . 
Copyright specialist Neil Boorstyn , who writes the monthly Copyright Law Journal newsletter , is joining McCutchen , Doyle , Brown & Enersen . 
Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market-by-market basis . 
When a large group of pilots once signed petitions opposing work-rule and compensation changes , he called a meeting in a company hangar and dressed them down for challenging his authority . 
Five countries announced they would not honor what one Zimbabwean delegate wryly called the `` made in Switzerland '' solution . 
Instead of Japan 's typical small homes clustered on narrow streets with no sidewalks , the new `` One Hundred Hills '' development will offer 65 houses on half-acre lots . 
That 's a question East Germany ca n't answer easily , no matter what its new leader does . 
The number of building permits issued for future construction dropped 2.4 % to a 1,296,000 annual rate after rising 3.7 % in August . 
Significantly lower sales of ` Stay Trim ' diet aids also were a factor in the drop . 
Bonds : 
Prior to this episode , Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D. , Conn. ) , sensing an open field , undertook a personal diplomatic mission through Central America to promote an early disbanding of the rebels . 
In addition , the manufacturer said it signed a consent decree with Ohio to build a $ 1.4 million pollution-control facility at the Ashtabula chemical manufacturing plant by Aug. 1 , 1990 . 
`` He has mastered the art of survival . '' 
The company `` ca n't be bullish if they 're doing a sizable 30-year bullet , '' said one analyst . 
But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy . 
By repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman 's injuries . 
It would bring 13 gas fields into production at a combined rate of about 1.2 billion cubic feet a day . 
A quake that measures two on the Richter is n't twice as severe as a `` one '' -- it 's 10 times worse . 
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York . 
The December contract reached its life-of-contract low of $ 975 a ton on Oct. 11 ; its lifetime high was $ 1,735 , set in 1988 , and its recent high was $ 1,368 , set in early August . 
Discussing future monetary arrangements , Mr. Lawson repeated the Thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , but he did n't indicate when . 
Can you imagine ? 
If further research proves the seed 's benefits , this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil . 
At the same time , there appears to be a market for news-oriented programming ; Turner Broadcasting System Inc. 's Cable News Network has its highest ratings , outside of prime time , on Saturday mornings . 
`` Even if they could bring in that many new skiers , I do n't know if { the industry } could handle that kind of an increase , '' says I. William Berry , editor and publisher of the Ski Industry Letter in Katonah , N.Y . 
We sympathize with Mrs. Thatcher 's reluctance to tie her currency to one governed by the domestic political imperatives of West Germany . 
White House officials acknowledged yesterday that Democrats still are reluctant to publicly express support for the Packwood-Roth capital gains proposal because they are loath to buck Sen. Mitchell . 
Longer term , however , the buy-back is expected to increase earnings , especially after 1990 , Mrs. Lidgerwood said . 
`` There are still negotiations taking place on whether there will be a loss of jobs , which has been a critical issue all along , '' he said . 
The spacecraft 's five astronauts are to dispatch the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on an exploratory mission to Jupiter . 
But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that do n't . 
Several of Wall Street 's largest securities firms , including Salomon Brothers Inc. and PaineWebber Inc. , were also large buyers , traders said . 
Led by its oat-based Cheerios line , General Mills has gained an estimated 2 % share so far this year , mostly at the expense of Kellogg . 
Office Market Weakens In Overbuilt Northeast 
By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system . 
He succeeds Paul J. Montle , 42 , who will remain chairman . 
His hero signed photographs of the homer and diplomatically called Ralph Branca `` a very fine pitcher . '' 
Manville said it made the offer within the past several weeks as part of an effort to improve shareholder value . 
Mr. Paul , for his part , defends the Rubens price , saying a lot of the experts have never seen the thing itself . 
There is n't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold , he said . 
Bureaucrats may deserve their bad reputation , after all . 
Arthur Andersen , the accounting firm , has increased its energy staff 10 % in a year . 
By early May , Moscow had delivered , for example , 1,000 trucks , about 100 tanks , artillery and hundreds of other combat vehicles . 
Control Data will receive revenue linked to the number of passengers served by the software , IATA said . 
Ms. Johnson made a passionate statement to the platform committee , but she was talking to herself . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 275-a-share offer was rejected by UAL 's board , has n't shown signs of pursuing a $ 300-a-share back-up bid he made last month . 
What matters is that the stocks recommended by your pros tend to be substantially riskier than a diversified portfolio . 
Parts are a tragedy . 
The federation said Friday that it regrets the resignation , but issued a stinging response that called Exxon a `` corporate pariah '' that should keep an open dialogue with environmentalists . 
Ever since the bad days of Big is Bad antitrust enforcement , this law has required that anyone proposing a merger must make a filing describing the effects on all relevant markets . 
In April 1986 , then-Vice President Bush had his staff write a letter spelling out that he would support a constitutional amendment banning abortions except in cases of rape , incest and life endangerment , but that he opposed federal funding in all but the latter case . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 , the Leeza Spider and the Hijet Dumbo . 
Convertible mortgages have become an increasingly popular way to finance prestigious buildings of late . 
Those changes in its condition meant the reorganization plan previously presented to creditors would have to be revamped . 
Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares in index-arbitrage trading , and is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading , which includes index arbitrage . 
Because fresh eggs are less expensive than processed ones , a big egg user can recover the Egg King 's $ 3,390 cost in a few months , says Mr. Maynard . 
The mismatch exposed the company to a high degree of interest-rate risk , and when rates moved unfavorably -- beginning late last year and continuing into this year -- `` it cost them , '' Mr. Kriz said . 
The Iran-Contra judge agreed to allow Poindexter to subpoena the personal papers of ex-President Reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
Mr. Milgrim succeeds David Berman , who resigned last month . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 8.04 % . 
The bank 's Third World debt portfolio totals $ 560 million , down from $ 2.2 billion at the end of 1986 . 
Futures prices recovered in quiet trading . 
Dow Jones & Co. said it acquired a 15 % interest in DataTimes Corp. , a subsidiary of Oklahoma Publishing Co. , Oklahoma City , that provides electronic research services . 
It is unclear what caused the creditors to do an about-face on exploring alternatives to Eastern 's new reorganization plan . 
The reasonable first-year rates can be followed by increases of 60 % or more if a covered employee files a major claim , they complain . 
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps . 
Get out of the possibly collapsing building to the parking lot . 
But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government . 
In Japan , small suggestions are encouraged . 
This Toronto closed-end fund cut the annual dividend on its Class A common shares to one Canadian cent from 10 Canadian cents . 
He had been group vice president of the electronic-publishing group . 
That information , he argued , is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves , such as the one nearly two weeks ago . 
Patrick Basham 
`` I want my dignity back , '' he says . 
Earlier this year , Tata Iron & Steel Co. 's offer of $ 355 million of convertible debentures was oversubscribed . 
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
But today , indexing is moving from a passive investment strategy to an increasingly active one . 
SEC staffers soon determined that a widely watched stock-market service , Quotron , had miscalculated the industrial average . 
Edward J. Campbell , economist at Brown Brothers Harriman & Co. , New York , noted that large increases in construction activity along with government and private relief efforts could offset loss of production in those areas . 
Once his cuckoo 's egg was laid , he could enter Unix and become a `` super-user , '' with access to everything . 
At the close , the narrower 30-share index was up 19.7 points to 1721.4 . 
In the year-earlier quarter , net was $ 62.2 million , or 51 cents a share . 
Within the same nine months , News Corp. closed down In Fashion , a once-promising young woman 's fashion magazine , Drake Publications Inc. has folded the long-troubled Venture magazine , and Lang Communications has announced Ms. magazine , after 17 years , will no longer carry advertising as of January . 
( Last year , for example , Seita 's net profit soared 150 % to 461.6 million French francs ( $ 73.5 million ) on sales of FFr 27.68 billion - a 1.7 % profit margin . ) 
Harris Ravine , executive vice president of customer satisfaction , was named executive vice president , finance and administration of this maker of data storage equipment . 
Mr. Whittle Friday said several more advertisers have been added . 
Still , it may be tough for the two to have a smooth partnership in anything , in the wake of sworn affidavits filed over the last week . 
Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations . 
In 1960 , for example , when Mr. Noriega was both a cadet at an elite military academy in Peru and a spy-in-training for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency , he was detained by Lima authorities for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute , according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period . 
The director of Zimbabwe 's Wildlife Department described American conservationists as `` fat little puppies from urban environments who do n't know a thing about Africa . '' 
Both residents ' organizations admit to receiving some funding from abroad . 
`` We found a market niche , '' Mr. Mills boasts . 
That range was quickly narrowed to $ 145 to $ 155 , although traders surrounding the post were told that $ 148 to $ 150 would be the likely target . 
Researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market , but they said FK-506 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 50 % and reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of cyclosporine and other drugs among transplant recipients . 
The stock market went on a dizzying ride as UAL , parent of United Airlines , once again led shares into a breathtaking decline and then an afternoon comeback . 
Under terms of the pact , Ultimate , a computer-systems concern , will market the full line of HP 9000 series 800 multipleuser minicomputers . 
Depositary shares are convertible into common stock on a 1-to-1 basis . 
He maintains that the information from the FBI will help him get his 1968 conviction vacated and his bail-jumping indictment dismissed . 
Such increased demand for reinsurance , along with the losses the reinsurers will bear from these two disasters , are likely to spur increases in reinsurance prices that will later be translated into an overall price rise . 
About 35 % of the workers covered by contracts signed in the first nine months of year get lump-sum payments ; about 15 % are covered by cost-of-living clauses . 
But Mr. Levine had said the p53 gene caused cancer by promoting growth , whereas the Johns Hopkins scientists were looking for a gene that suppressed growth . 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
Analysts estimate that sales of the two businesses could raise roughly $ 2 billion . 
That was just an early step in a relationship with government that has earned the Mitsubishi group the dubious moniker of `` seisho , '' literally government-business , a title that has the pejorative connotation of doing the government 's bidding , but also suggests the clout inherent in maintaining such close ties . 
After placing orders to sell , Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel , an investment banker at Kidder , Peabody & Co. , who was advising on the deal , to confirm these rumors . 
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated that damages to the city total $ 2 billion . 
Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in `` Caddyshack II '' for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure . 
Mr. Noriega did n't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol . 
The group said it sold 455,410 Southmark common shares from Sept. 5 to Oct. 5 for 18.75 cents to 25 cents a share . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Shaw 's shares closed ex-dividend at $ 26.125 , up $ 2.25 . 
More than 400 traders jammed the S&P 500 futures pit to await the opening bell . 
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share . 
The battery of legal documents filed in the past week in connection with the suit provide a peek into the inner workings of this Hollywood dogfight . 
`` If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , '' a spokesman says . 
The company , which now holds a 34 % stake in the venture , has indicated that it intends to retain at least a 20 % stake long term . 
But early this year , PepsiCo Inc. 's Taco Bell unit and Wendy 's International Inc. slashed prices and stepped up promotions , says John Rohs , an analyst for Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink . 
Yesterday , the brokerage firm Conning & Co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars . 
In addition , a one billion mark credit dating from 1974 is to be written off . 
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb . 
Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses . 
Blockbuster shares closed yesterday at $ 18.75 , down $ 1.125 , in New York Stock Exchange trading . 
Futures prices extended Tuesday 's gains . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
For the past five years , unions have n't managed to win wage increases as large as those granted to nonunion workers . 
His projection indicates profit in the latest quarter of more than $ 17.4 million , or 55 cents a share , compared with $ 15.2 million , or 48 cents a share , a year ago . 
Mr. Noriega became an even greater threat in 1976 , when U.S. intelligence services discovered that he had been buying recordings of electronically monitored conversations from three sergeants working for the U.S. Army 's 470th Military Intelligence Group . 
`` Bond investors were hoping that stock prices would continue to fall , '' said Roger Early , a vice president at Federated Investors Inc. , Pittsburgh . 
CALIFORNIA STRUGGLED with the aftermath of a Bay area earthquake . 
We need them and I thank God for them . '' 
The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs charged Newmark & Lewis Inc. with failing to deliver on its promise of lowering prices . 
`` What { the report } shows is everything we 've been saying for the past eight or nine years -- that audio taping is the best thing to happen for the recording industry . 
Inco shares fell after the announcements . 
His latest coup : September 's masterminding of the five billion Swiss-franc ( $ 3.07 billion ) merger between Adia S.A. , the world 's second-largest temporary employment agency , and Inspectorate International S.A. , a Rey-controlled product-inspection company . 
The company has expressed a preference for GM over Ford because GM has promised it would keep Jaguar independent . 
On a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year . 
Berkshire Hathaway earlier this year bought $ 600 million of preferred stock in Gillette that is convertible into an 11 % stake , and Gillette said at the time that Mr. Buffett would be added to the board . 
The Iraqi oil minister and Saudi oil minister Hisham Nazer insisted in their comments to the conference that their countries would act responsibly to maintain a stable market . 
B.A.T Industries won shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off Sir James Goldsmith . 
The company said its quarterly results are now being publicly filed as the result of the formation earlier this year of employee stock investment plans . 
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . '' 
It has always been so . 
Just a few months ago , the three-month Eurodollar rate was around 9.5 % , while three-month Hibor hit highs above 11 % . 
BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORP. said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes . 
The company typically sells the centers it develops , but has usually sold only one or several at a time . 
He is now changing the place he sleeps every night , sometimes more than once a night . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 140 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The candidates have been crisscrossing this huge country of 145 million people , holding rallies and televised debates in hope of being elected to what must be one of the world 's most thankless political jobs : trying to drag Brazil out of its economic and social mess . 
Labor and business leaders , quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites , hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits . 
Dollar : 141.52 yen , up 0.07 ; 1.8353 marks , off 0.0002 . 
The airline also named Mickey Foret as president . 
In addition , President Aquino has yet to sign into law a bill removing a stiff 48 % tax on naphtha , the principal raw material to be used in the cracker . 
Lenders had doubts about the project even before June 4 , but the harsh crackdown , which caused many businesses to reassess their China transactions , `` gave the banks the out they wanted , '' says an official close to the Shanghai venture . 
Business has been good enough that he just took a spur-of-the-moment weekend trip to the mountain area of Cloudcroft , something `` I have n't done in years . '' 
We understand such rueful wisdom must be retrospective : The owl of Minerva only spreads her wings at dusk . 
But now , the magazine is attempting to fight back , with an ambitious plan including a revamped sales strategy and a surprisingly aggressive ad campaign . 
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators . 
Mr. Joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion . 
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue . 
The main reason was a delay in shipment of new high-end disk drives , a business that accounts for some 10 % of IBM 's $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
Sir John Egan told reporters at London 's Motorfair yesterday he `` would be disappointed if we could n't do { the deal } within a month . '' 
Stop-Limit Order : Stop-limit orders turn into limit orders when an investment trades at the price specified in the order . 
`` It was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says Dr. Knudson , now at Fox Chase Cancer Research Center in Philadelphia . 
Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third-quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . 
GENENTECH INC. , South San Francisco , biotechnology company , annual sales of $ 334.8 million , NYSE , sustained no major damage and expects to be fully operational today . 
We were coming down straight into their canal . 
The new Hewlett-Packard program , said analyst John McCarthy at Forrester Research Inc. , a computer-market research company , `` is a key building block as people move to this new model of distributed processing . '' 
The Dutch , who had some trading problems because of insufficient computer capacity , say new equipment to solve the problems ought to be installed within a month . 
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place . 
Two analysts who have read the transcripts , David Nelson of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Calvert D. Crary , a litigation analyst at Labe , Simpson & Co. , think Judge A. David Mazzone will decide in Kodak 's favor on the `` willful and deliberate '' issue . 
So far , neither the Bush administration nor arms-control experts in Congress seem moved by arguments that these problems may take more time to thrash out than President Bush has allowed . 
Brockville is about 100 miles east of Toronto . 
Traders are likely to oppose such restrictions because dual trading provides a way to make money in slower markets where there is a shortage of customer orders . 
The group , which has held half a dozen seminars so far , also is considering promotional videos and perhaps a pitch to Wall Street investment bankers . 
Birmingham , Ala. : 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
Investment bankers in Tokyo confirmed that Tokyu Department Store is one of several Japanese companies that has been approached by representatives of a management committee headed by Bloomingdale 's Mr. Traub . 
That 's a good sign when profits are stable during a time revenue is in the trough . 
This is clearly not good news to all you people who sleep like babies every night , lulled by visions of your money sitting risk-free in six-month CDs . 
Stocks : Volume 224,070,000 shares . 
Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants . 
It charged off an estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans , leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $ 255 million , about 61 % of its $ 416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate . 
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years . 
NBC was second with a 13.9 rating and 24 share followed by CBS Inc. 's television network with a 12.5 rating and 21 share . 
Particularly touchy are the cases of New York , which is Drexel 's base , and California , the base of Drexel 's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm 's legal difficulties . 
The spy network would serve two clients : the Panamanian government , by monitoring political opponents in the region , and the U.S. , by tracking the growing Communist influence in the unions organized at United Fruit Co. 's banana plantations in Bocas del Toros and Puerto Armuelles . 
But for companies that use hundreds of eggs a day , breaking them by hand can get , well , out of hand . 
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal . 
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings . 
Warner was referring to documents filed last week in which Sony Corp. of America Vice Chairman Michael Schulof and Walter Yetnikoff , president of its CBS Records unit , said they had taken Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters at their word when the producers told them that getting out of the contract would be no problem because of a previous oral agreement . 
But `` the check arrived in the mail , '' said Stephen Kidder , Massachusetts Commissioner of Revenue . 
Depending on the size of the gain and the rate of inflation , indexation can mean a lower tax payment than using the 19.6 % rate without indexation . 
But while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible Dec. 4 , 1989 , through March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Nov. 1 , when terms are fixed . 
Do n't Linger 
Under the rules adopted by the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , the futures contract can not drop below the limit , but buyers can purchase futures . 
`` There is no strength behind this rally , '' asserted Chung Lew , head trader at Kleinwort Benson North America . 
A Coca-Cola spokesman said it is too early to say how the joint venture would be structured , or how much the company would invest in the transaction . 
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 . 
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said . 
A joint venture involving units of Innopac and Mobil Corp. earlier this year opened the first U.S. polystyrene recycling plant , in Leominster , Mass . 
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one . 
She said she used the market 's wild swings to buy shares cheaply on the sell-off . 
It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion and gay rights , sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties ( he won the Liberal endorsement ) and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters . 
United Airlines , the largest carrier at San Francisco , was operating only 50 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its terminal , which in turn was causing delays for travelers headed to the Bay area . 
His original strategy ( in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion ) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions . 
Japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , Wacoal Corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years . 
This week , a Baltimore Sun editorial said the Lantos subcommittee on HUD should forget about Sam Pierce 's testimony for the moment and call some other witnesses : the various congressional sponsors of the 40 pork-barrel projects . 
The tender offer and consent solicitation will be made to debtholders in December . 
Last year , 45,000 went . 
Takeover stock traders , focusing on the company 's intention to stay independent , took the announcement as bad news . 
A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it . 
Nynex said expenses rose 4.5 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.61 billion , a $ 119 million increase . 
Shorted shares must eventually be replaced through buying . 
In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines . 
The company 's research suggests that its name recognition among most consumers remains unusually low , although its array of brands -- including Maxwell House coffee , Jell-O , Cheez Whiz , and Miller beer -- blanket supermarket shelves . 
ARE CORPORATE profits distributed fairly ? 
The Poles would plant a 10-square-mile forest somewhere in the country at a cost of $ 150,000 , with the center 's developer footing the bill . 
But quite a few money managers are n't buying it . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. is trying to struggle back . 
The latest period included a $ 9 million write-down on undeveloped land , while the year-earlier period included a $ 46 million reserve for real-estate losses . 
State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel . 
Money manager Robert Ross , head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver , British Columbia , says stocks would have to fall 15 % to 20 % before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives . 
The combined companies will become profitable by January 1990 , said James P. Sherblom , Transgenic 's chairman and chief executive officer . 
His pledge to clean up local administration and Indian politics , including his own party , went unfulfilled . 
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
`` A lot of donors just get taken . '' 
MCI Communications , the most active issue , finished down 5\/8 to 42 1\/8 . 
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said . 
Another analyst said the Cananea return to operation may not be as near as some expect . 
Mr. Finks is perceived by some owners as a standard-bearer for the Old Guard . 
Under the debt-equity program , potential investors will submit sealed bids on the percentage of discount they are willing to purchase the debt at , and the bids will be allocated based on these discount offers . 
Sales amounted to 1.011 trillion yen , climbing 29 % from 787.02 billion yen . 
At the same time , he remains fairly pessimistic about the outlook for imports , given continued high consumer and capital goods inflows . 
Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street . 
The donations so far appear to be small , especially compared with the huge sums that changed hands in the Recruit Co . influence-peddling scandal that plagued the ruling party last year . 
The combination of solid loan growth with tight expense control gave Wells Fargo a 1.25 % return on average assets for the quarter , about 40 % higher than Security Pacific 's and a profit ratio matched by only two or three other major banks in the U.S. . 
`` The change taking place in the Soviet Union , Poland and Hungary has aroused new hope in both German states that reforms will be undertaken in { East Germany } , and that relations between the two German states , too , will get better , '' said Foreign Minister Hans-Dietrich Genscher . 
He points out that institutions buying asset-backed issues in large quantities can earn higher spreads over Treasurys than individuals buying smaller amounts . 
Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis . 
Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November . 
`` Sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . '' 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Most of us have to spend our time on pursuits that afford neither , drab duties rather than pleasures . 
But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute . 
Mr. Thomson , a tall , Scottish-born , right-hand hitter , stepped into the batter 's box . 
Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock . 
Grand Met owns Bombay gin , the No. 3 imported gin in the U.S. ; rival Guinness PLC has the No. 1 imported brand , Tanqueray . 
The March delivery ended with an advance of 0.16 cent a pound to 14.27 cents , for a two-day gain of 0.3 cent . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Turner 's Class A stock closed at $ 50.50 , down 37.5 cents . 
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley used the opportunity to push the City Council harder to pass a measure establishing a loss-recovery reserve of $ 100 million . 
Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions . 
Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan . 
( Turner Broadcasting will pay CBS $ 25 million to air 50 hours of CBS coverage plus 50 hours of additional events . ) 
Net loss : $ 1.7 million vs. net income : $ 21.2 million ; or 12 cents a share 
`` I believe it will do more damage than good because it will legitimize people like Daniel Ortega , '' says Curtin Windsor , who served as U.S. ambassador to Costa Rica during the Reagan administration . 
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony . 
The shipyard disclosed in mid-August that it expected losses stemming from a series of unprofitable orders . 
`` It can be an avenue of entrance to a certain sector of society ... . 
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share . 
International Technology Corp. and Davy McKee Corp. , a unit of London 's Davy Corp. , said they were awarded a $ 55 million contract by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the closure of the Helen Kramer Landfill Superfund site in Mantua Township , N.J . 
While the third-quarter earnings were a `` moderate disappointment , '' he said , `` the real bad news is the intensity of price competition '' in the premium-beer sector . 
Di Giorgio Corp. said it 's continuing talks with potential buyers of certain units , but has reached no agreement on any deals . 
Since Anchor is still seeking this waiver , Vitro said the tender offer is being extended until 5 p.m. EST tomorrow . 
`` I have wished I could die and be out of it -- that 's how bad it is , '' Betty Atkins , a secretary from suburban London , says . 
Laurie McGinley contributed to this article . 
`` There are n't too many winners . '' 
`` It 's bad soil , '' he says . 
The fourth part , consisting of $ 22 million of 12 1\/2 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1999 , was priced at 85.339 with a yield to maturity of 15.50 % . 
Chris Edgar 
The legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said . 
Thanks to centuries of polishing by Mother Nature -- first in the gentle current of the Orange River that carried the stones from South Africa 's interior , then in the cold surf of the ocean , and finally in the coarse sands of the desert -- 98 % of the diamonds uncovered are of gem quality . 
Digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million and up , depending on configuration . 
Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best `` verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you . '' 
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . '' 
Kellogg is so anxious to turn around Corn Flakes sales that it soon will begin selling boxes for as little as 99 cents , trade sources say . 
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget . 
In late New York trading the dollar was at 1.8400 marks and 142.10 yen compared with 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen Wednesday . 
United Parcel Service , Greenwich , Conn. , said its operations in the San Francisco area have been reduced to 40 % of normal . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said Prime Computer Inc. has agreed to resell as much as $ 200 million worth of Sun 's machines over the next two years . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Historically , New York is almost always in trouble . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters refuse to concede that they may have made a tactical error in accepting the Sony offer before taking it up with Warner . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. said business failures fell 17.8 % to 11,586 in the third quarter from 14,099 in the year-earlier period . 
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party . 
Currently , Falcon has about 750,000 cable-television subscribers around the nation ; the company 's cable-television unit reported 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million . 
Bush vowed to veto a bill allowing federal financing for abortions in cases of rape and incest , saying tax dollars should n't be used to `` compound a violent act with the taking of an unborn life . '' 
Banco Ambrosiano , which was Italy 's largest private-sector bank , collapsed in 1982 with $ 1.3 billion of debts . 
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control . 
The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals . 
`` A lot of people are getting hurt on this wicked whipsawing , '' cautioned Alistair Cuddeford , a London-based Salomon Brothers International Ltd. trader who makes a market in franc-denominated Euro Disney shares . 
The landslide was fueled by panic that prevailed in India at the time . 
The number of people who said they were more likely to shop at Sears fell in September to 37 % from 66 % in March , when Sears blanketed the airwaves with ads about its new pricing strategy . 
For instance , sales of treadmills , exercise bikes , stair climbers and the like are expected to rise 8 % to about $ 1.52 billion this year , according to the National Sporting Goods Association , which sees the home market as one of the hottest growth areas for the 1990s . 
The partnership , which had solicited takeover offers , said it failed to receive any adequate bids for all of its operations but is reviewing offers for individual properties . 
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Moreover , unlike Mr. Buffett , who often holds big stakes in companies for years , Mr. Steinhardt has n't in the past done much long-term investing . 
Long-term support for the December contract was believed to be at $ 1.25 a pound . 
But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said . 
SAMURAI : 
If the company can start to ship during this quarter , it could stem some , if not all of the red ink , he said . 
Wall Street traders say that , with institutional brokerage commissions far lower than in the 1970s , securities firms ca n't afford to take the risk of buying too much stock . 
Apogee Enterprises Inc. said profit for the third quarter ending Dec. 2 will fall below the year-earlier results because of an after-tax charge of $ 1.9 million related to a project that was guaranteed by the company . 
Mr. Buffett 's firm , Berkshire Hathaway , holds a much bigger stake in the carrier than Mr. Steinhardt 's firm , Steinhardt Partners . 
SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons , the Centers for Disease Control discovers ... . 
And cultivating a luxury image strong enough to persuade consumers to pay more than $ 15 for lipstick or eye makeup requires a subtle touch that packaged-goods companies have yet to demonstrate on their own . 
John Blodgett agrees -- and he ought to know . 
They effectively lead team efforts to reduce cycle time . 
The company earned $ 6.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Citicorp fell 1\/2 to 32 , and Manufacturers Hanover slipped 3\/8 to 40 1\/4 . 
For the quarter , Textron said aerospace revenue , including Bell helicopter and jet-engine manufacture , declined 9.8 % to $ 755.9 million from $ 838.3 million , an indication of slowing government defense work . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is 49%-owned by Coca-Cola Co. , also said it repurchased about 1.2 million of its common shares during the third quarter . 
Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force . 
Dozens of small companies did , swiftly establishing a standard operating system . 
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings . 
The 41-year-old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once-moribund music division in his six years at the company . 
It closed yesterday at 34 3\/4 . 
We should also concede that in the British experience the monetarist cause regains some of the credibility it lost in the U.S. experience . 
It 's especially nettlesome `` if you 're on the road and you 're the one responsible , '' says Eddie Brown , president of Brown Capital Management Inc. , a Baltimore money-management firm . 
Although the second-largest computer maker had prepared Wall Street for a poor quarter , analysts said they were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders and a slowdown in the rate of gain in foreign orders . 
Aside from computer-guided selling , airline stocks took a beating as well . 
The talk of a sales tax rise follows a rebuff from Congress on the question of how much the federal government is willing to spend to aid in California 's earthquake relief efforts . 
But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters . 
One of the most remarkable features of the forced marches of the ethnic Turks out of Bulgaria over the past five months has been the lack of international attention . 
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst . 
As with many other goods , the American share of Japan 's PC market is far below that in the rest of the world . 
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday . 
They also worry that if the government applies asset-forfeiture laws broadly , the best defense lawyers will be unwilling to take criminal cases unless they are assured of being paid . 
Never in my life have I been so frightened . 
Consider , for instance , two bond funds from Vanguard Group of Investment Cos. that were both yielding 8.6 % on a recent day . 
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk . 
People were interested in seeing him , but it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's and particularly George Wachter . '' 
Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges . 
According to the officials , Mr. Bush even read to the senators selections from a highly classified letter from the committee to the White House discussing the guidelines . 
By the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 120,000 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
`` One possible explanation for this decline '' in taking cases to trial , says Mr. Burnham , `` is that the number of defendants being charged with crimes by all U.S. attorneys has substantially increased . '' 
In addition , the agreement calls for Gilbert H. Lamphere , chairman of Prospect Group 's executive committee , to be named chairman of a restructured board that will include four new independent directors . 
He said the evidence pointed to wrongdoing by Mr. Keating `` and others , '' although he did n't allege any specific violation . 
Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations . 
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections . 
`` I think that 's the first nonstop commercial passenger flight from Japan to land here , '' an airport spokesman said . 
When the Germans lost World War I , they lost Namibia to South Africa and the diamonds to Ernest Oppenheimer , patriarch of Anglo American Corp. and De Beers . 
And people who know Mr. Kravis say he is n't in a hurry to pour more money into SCI TV . 
Opponents show that there are already more funds available than commendable reform efforts . 
Christies says it has had no contact with Mr. Morishita since the stock purchase , but that it 's happy to deal with him . 
He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment . 
Frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the roller-coaster session on Wall Street Tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest West German trade union . 
A crowd estimated at 100,000 held a torch-lit march through Budapest as Acting President Szuros delivered a nationally televised address rejecting communist dominance . 
Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson views the high rates as his chief weapon against inflation , which was ignited by tax cuts and loose credit policies in 1986 and 1987 . 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . 
Excluding the gain , the company registered a modest 4.6 % increase for the quarter ended Sept. 29 to $ 113 million , or 87 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 107.9 million , or 84 cents a share . 
The protection from using married puts is clearly superior to that afforded by another options strategy some investors consider using during troubled times : selling call options on stocks the investor owns . 
Las Colinas , once a huge Texas ranch , is a sprawling complex of office buildings , homes and recreational facilities that its developers have been struggling to populate in recent years . 
Mr. Maynard 's forces finally defeated the measure , though it took a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to do it . 
Under the proposal , Delmed would issue about 123.5 million additional Delmed common shares to Fresenius at an average price of about 65 cents a share , though under no circumstances more than 75 cents a share . 
The put establishes a minimum selling price for the stock during its life . 
Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower . 
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says . 
Any quake-related losses will be reported in the fourth quarter , the company said . 
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
Private dressmaking , for example , is allowed in 10 Soviet republics but banned by five ; shoemaking is allowed in seven but illegal in nine . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Trinova closed at $ 32.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
But Whitbread has been squeezed by giant rivals amid widespread consolidation in the industry . 
The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate , the trade deficit and oil users ' corporate and personal budgets . 
Mr. Zupan teaches at the University of Southern California 's business school . 
Even modernized , he said , the Crusaders represent an obsolete and dangerous protection for the aircraft carriers France has sent to meet such crises as the wars in Lebanon and the Persian Gulf . 
Enforcement of restricted-entry rules was sporadic , residents said . 
The Poles have had it all along . 
He said the stock has n't traded below 1 1\/2 times book value over the past 10 years , which at the moment computes to a stock price of $ 100 . 
Czech reformers can recall the Wilsonian ideals of the same period in their country . 
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 . 
Some become pseudo-lobbyists . 
Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . 
A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties . 
Prices have averaged more than $ 2 a barrel higher than that -- not a windfall , but at least a pleasant bonus for them . 
`` Peter is a major piece of Hollywood manpower who has really earned his success , '' says Robert Bookman , an agent at Creative Artists Agency . 
Dealers said fresh buying was drawn into Jaguar after a senior executive of Daimler-Benz , the auto maker , told a British television interviewer during the weekend that the West German company held talks with the luxury auto maker over possible joint ventures . 
The new company 's product lines will be aimed at nurseries , greenhouses and the lawn and garden industry . 
As of Sept. 30 , Mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago . 
We want them to buy more of their wardrobe here . '' 
Not all of NASA 's space-science work will be so auspicious , though . 
Y&R 's Klein Steps Down 
But this could be a case where we all might go broke if it is n't fixed . 
In light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services . 
`` You 're buying the S&P , and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it , '' he says . 
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents . 
If he were able to construct a popular and efficient corporatist system , he or his heir would be wellplaced to rein in political opposition , and to re-establish control in Eastern Europe . 
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president . 
The answer is so murky that it is beginning to get this popular president in trouble with each of the increasingly vocal , increasingly powerful sides of the abortion issue . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
He suspects some insurers who had purchased reinsurance to limit their exposure to catastrophes will discover that reinsurance was used up by Hurricane Hugo . 
For the first time in memory , it was standing-room only in BART 's sleek , modern railcars . 
The FASB had its initial meeting on March 28 , 1973 . 
Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly , yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole . 
ABC Sports was looking for ways to lift deflated halftime ratings for `` Monday Night Football . '' 
Quarterly net income this year has risen just over comparable periods in 1988 , when year-end net was below the 1987 level . 
The move by the coalition of political parties and Lebanon 's largest Christian militia isolated military chief Aoun , who has rejected the plan , which includes political changes and a Syrian troop withdrawal from Beirut . 
Here is the Commerce Department 's latest report on personal income . 
But Akzo is still slimming down : It recently announced plans to eliminate about 1,700 fiber-related jobs in the Netherlands and West Germany . 
The legislation also includes a lower `` training wage '' for new workers who are teen-agers . 
N W Ayer 's president and chief executive officer , Jerry J. Siano , said the agency is holding `` conversations '' about acquiring Zwiren Collins Karo & Trusk , a midsized Chicago agency , but a deal is n't yet close to being completed . 
The Pacific exchange has options for 129 underlying stock issues , including highly active Hilton Hotels Corp. , which is listed on the Big Board . 
Charges for staff cuts and other restructuring produced a net loss of $ 54.1 million , or 77 cents a share , in 1988 's third quarter . 
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station . 
The drug is being used primarily to treat anemias . 
Mr. Wathen , who started his career as an Air Force investigator and worked as a security officer for several large companies , built his California Plant Protection from a tiny mom-and-pop security patrol firm here in the San Fernando Valley . 
For the nine months , net income rose 48 % to $ 124.2 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 83.8 million , or 96 cents a share a year earlier . 
The plastics plant is located on an 800-acre tract in the heart of the petrochemical corridor that reaches along the U.S. Gulf Coast . 
Societa per Azioni Finanziaria Industria Manaifatturiera ( Italy ) -- 
Imperial Cup has annual sales of approximately $ 75 million . 
Yet some people are advancing a chilling casuistry : that what we are seeing is somehow the understandable result of the historical sins committed by the Turks in the 16th century . 
So far , one test of restricting dual trading has worked well . 
The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production . 
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle . 
Crises larger and more dangerous to the quality of life than they were 10 years ago . 
BROKERAGE HIRING languishes amid market turmoil . 
The new round of bidding would seem to complicate the decision making for Judge James Yacos , the bankruptcy judge overseeing the case , because the company 's stockholders , unsecured creditors and regulators each are currently backing different plans . 
It had a $ 258.9 million loss in the second quarter . 
Back in the U.S.A. this kind of chi-chi airborne activity wins heartwarmingly covetous responses . 
But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million and may soon face a cash crunch . 
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television . 
`` At the time we had only daughters , '' explains the 72-year-old patriarch , `` so we had to close the bank . '' 
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC . 
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
From a helicopter a thousand feet above Oakland after the second-deadliest earthquake in U.S. history , a scene of devastation emerges : a freeway crumbled into a concrete sandwich , hoses pumping water into once-fashionable apartments , abandoned autos . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges . 
The increase of $ 1.25 a share is being made to settle shareholder litigation relating to SIBV-MS 's tender offer . 
`` I would n't say it 's quite a veto , '' Mr. Boren demurs . 
One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances . 
In early 1988 , when the three-month Eurodollar rate was between 7 % and 8 % , the three-month Hibor rate was as low as 1 % . 
Time Warner Inc. is considering a legal challenge to Tele-Communications Inc. 's plan to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. , a move that could lead to all-out war between the cable industry 's two most powerful players . 
They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August . 
But vendors contend that they ca n't control how their products are used . 
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis . 
Some of the sales proceeds will go to the Design Industries Foundation for AIDS . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 6.76 points to 2603.48 in light trading after losing more than 92 points last week . 
Mercury also said it extended its two-year advisory relationship with Montgomery Securities of San Francisco . 
The troubles continued in this year 's first half , when profit plunged 81 % to $ 302,000 . 
Market makers , to cut costs , slashed inventories of stocks they keep on hand to sell investors when other holders are n't selling . 
NRM suspended its common distribution in June 1988 and the distribution on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units in September . 
In the current-coupon sector , a shift in the Treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of long-dated issues over short-dated securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings . 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Coal earnings rose to $ 26 million from $ 21 million . 
Last week , underwriters were forced to postpone three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders . 
They carry a 7 % coupon . 
`` Most of our competitors are announcing products based on our ( older ) products , '' said Finis Conner , chief executive officer and founder of the firm that bears his name . 
Gen. Scowcroft was a member of the Tower Commission , which investigated the Iran-Contra affair . 
Bank Building , which builds and equips banks , had announced it would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year , which ends Oct. 31 . 
`` With the Edison plant coming on line next summer , the Times is facing some tough earnings comparison in the future , '' said Peter Appert , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell . 
Nuclear power plants are acceptable . 
Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year . 
Sherwin-Williams Co. and Whittaker Corp. said they 've discontinued talks toward a definitive agreement regarding Sherwin-Williams ' acquisition of Whittaker 's chemical coating group . 
And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week . 
Analysts say investors remain skittish toward Salomon because of its volatile earnings . 
As for GM , its `` fallback position has to be a full bid itself , '' said Stephen Reitman , European auto-industry analyst at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
Primarily because there 's more to the matter than Ronald Reagan 's personal values , or lack of them . 
They point at the numerous developing-country governments that have inflated , taxed and regulated themselves into despair under successive IMF programs . 
A companion jetty that helps hold back the sea looks like a rusting junkyard . 
And CenTrust has other problems . 
Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . 
But some analysts contend K mart has agreed to pay too much for Pace . 
At the same time , the sheer size of the loss , coupled with a slowing of orders , made some securities analysts wonder just how strong that turnaround will be at the computer maker and defense-electronics concern . 
`` If they ask advertisers to absorb the costs , they 're likely to lose all but a few who need sports , above all . '' 
But Norbert Braeuer , chief trader at Hessische Landesbank Girozentrale ( Helaba ) , said he expects share prices to move upward in the coming weeks . 
Dennis Block , a partner at the New York firm of Weil , Gotshal & Manges , said that in the first eight months of this year , 89 hostile offers were launched , compared with 157 for the first eight months of 
Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months . 
The ghost of the Soviet brigade discovered in Cuba back in the '70s costs just a few hundred million : the price of the Caribbean Command in Key West that President Carter created in 1980 . 
( Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . ) 
`` Liquidity has n't returned to the vast middle ground of the market , '' said Mr. Minella of Merrill . 
Last summer , Sears appeared to have a deal with Canadian developer Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
West German insurance giant Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Financiere de Paribas and Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton began its coverage of the company with favorable ratings . 
Because mutual fund trades do n't take effect until the market close -- in this case , at 4 p.m. -- these shareholders effectively stayed put . 
That 's good news for marketers of walking shoes . 
The Financial Times of Canada has no links to the British daily newspaper , The Financial Times . 
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports . 
Hooker is based in Sydney , Australia . 
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time . 
A search party soon found the unscathed aircraft in a forest clearing much too small to have allowed a conventional landing . 
The director 's attempt to force some Brechtian distance between her actors and their characters frequently backfires with performances that are unduly mannered . 
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . 
So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors . 
What if its sales weaken someday ? 
The Cypress reinforcement project itself was part of an annual effort to shore up structures believed vulnerable to earthquakes . 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
Consumers may want to move their telephones a little closer to the TV set . 
MORGAN STANLEY , THE ONCE STODGY investment house , in 1974 helped a corporate client complete a hostile takeover . 
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter actually cut his per-share earnings estimate to $ 9 from $ 9.50 for 1989 and to $ 9.50 from $ 10.35 in 1990 because he decided sales would be even weaker than he had expected . 
While some commercial lending has resumed , international lenders remain nervous about China 's economic troubles and foreign debt -- $ 40 billion at the end of 1988 . 
Yet another political scandal is racking Japan . 
At that rate , a majority of OPEC 's 13 members have reached their output limits , they said . 
8:01 a.m . 
We had great success in Somalia . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . 
As a result , brokerage house officials said , appropriate comparisons from the same period a year earlier were unavailable . 
Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering for $ 7.50 an hour to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort ... . 
It objected again in September when Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki reluctantly named a Peasant Party man as his agriculture minister . 
Sales of consumer goods rose 6.9 % in the same period , while sales of intermediate goods were up 13.8 % from a year ago . 
The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control . 
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
Installation of the TV system , which includes providing free 19-inch TV sets in classrooms , begins in January . 
The offering , Series 1989-85 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels . 
ABC says it is aware of the producers ' action , but the mailing was sent without the network 's blessing . 
Forget about Treasury bills or a money-market fund . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady said that Congress should grant the Securities and Exchange Commission the power to close the stock markets in periods of crisis . 
The conventional view , as voiced by Goldman , Sachs & Co. partner Fischer Black , is that stocks and `` derivatives '' such as futures and options `` form a single market , and that derivatives make it a more liquid market . '' 
The maximum allowable property holdings for insurance companies would be reduced to 10 % of their total asset value , down from 15 % currently . 
Amcast Industrial Corp. said it plans to repurchase 500,000 shares , or about 7 % of its shares outstanding , in open market transactions . 
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier . 
The trust is considering a sale of its Manville holdings , but Manville has the right of first refusal on any sales of its stock held by the trust . 
Mr. Lang said the former Australian owners of Sassy were `` blind-sided by the Moral Majority ... . 
In the early 1970s , when the `` world food crisis '' was a major worry , Phillips Petroleum Co. , like several other big companies , began developing `` single-cell protein , '' edible protein made by microbes feeding on non-edible materials . 
Both products were immensely popular . 
The loyal servant has come full circle . 
That disaster closed the Pacific Stock Exchange 's stock options-trading operation , forcing those options to be switched to other exchanges temporarily . 
Allied-Lyons , while powerful in whiskey , does n't own any major white-spirit brands . 
Revenue : $ 3.14 billion 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . 
The convenience-food company said it sold the bakeries to Mills Family Bakery for an undisclosed amount . 
Formerly president and treasurer , Mr. Lang remains chief executive officer . 
All of a sudden , it was back to square one . 
Sales nationally rose 3.9 % through July , the latest month for which the figures are available , the council said . 
It also was considering a restructuring to help boost the stock price . 
Mr. Thomson played outfield and third base until 1960 , posting a lifetime .270 batting average and chalking up 264 home runs before retiring and going into paper-goods sales . 
But it 's like falling off a horse and getting back on . '' 
Presidio Oil Co. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. 's U.S. unit for $ 163 million . 
The former comes from the latest wave of political activism in Hollywood , especially around feminist issues such as abortion . 
If after such Reconsideration two thirds of that House shall agree to pass the Bill , it shall be sent , together with the Objections , to the other House , by which it shall likewise be reconsidered , and if approved by two thirds of that House , it shall become a Law ... . 
Out here on the Querecho Plains of New Mexico , however , the mood is more upbeat ; trucks rumble along the dusty roads and burly men in hard hats sweat and swear through the afternoon sun . 
A statement from the council of cardinals said Catholics had responded generously to an appeal last year to give more money after 1987 's record $ 63 million deficit . 
In Canada and the U.S. , Whitbread owns The Keg chain of steak and seafood restaurants . 
Digital 's new line has been a long time coming . 
A former vice president of the Singapore branch of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. was charged in court yesterday on 19 counts of cheating . 
LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . 
Prices on the larger models , which range as high as $ 13 million , generally wo n't change . 
The humor of the story owes much to the fact that no hearts ( even the characters ' own ) are likely to bleed for the plight of health-food eaters . 
`` The company turned the corner fairly recently in profitability , '' said Margo McGlade of PaineWebber Inc. , who had been forecasting a 46 % jump in Pace 's net income from operations this year and another 42 % increase next year . 
The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier . 
The spokeswoman said the exchange would resume trading of Delmed stock today . 
Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : `` Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole . 
Eventually , he believes , investors will be willing to pay higher prices for companies with proven track records of earnings growth . 
Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 . 
Also , Teodulo Mabellini 's `` Lux aeterna '' was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling . 
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car , and an announcer says , `` Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata . '' 
`` She just wiggled her fanny and all the French fell in love with her , '' sniffed the literary world 's Maria Jolas , not entirely inaccurately . 
The housing starts numbers , however , are one of the least precise of the government 's economic indicators and are often revised significantly as more information is collected . 
However , investment bankers say that banks are n't likely to lend the almost $ 5 billion that would be necessary for a takeover even at a lower price without someone putting up a hefty wad of cash -- probably even greater than the 17 % in cash put up by investors in the leveraged takeover of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Corp. in July . 
Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . 
After NBC weather man Willard Scott broadcast the hot-line number , it was flooded with 10,000 calls . 
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15 , 2019 , convert Nov. 15 , 2004 . 
Depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics , ramp workers , stock clerks and flight dispatchers . 
Among composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 ( $ 15.80 ) a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 . 
KKR would give up a 31 % equity stake to bondholders , while Mr. Gillett would surrender an 8 % stake . 
Revenue was $ 613.7 million , up 18 % from $ 521.2 million a year ago . 
TASTY PROFITS : 
Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution . 
At least not when you are ascending . ) 
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding . 
In addition , Boeing said it also will reorganize all its work in Wichita into military and commercial divisions . 
Mr. Lang admits that Ms. is `` in dire straits '' and that Sassy needs big promotional dollars to keep it alive . 
That gain was mostly offset by a loss of about $ 55 million from a write-down in its polysilicon business . 
In 1977 , Mrs. Gandhi was thrown out of office after her 19-month emergency rule , and in 1980 , after her successors made a mess of their three years in power , she was restored to office . 
When the Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July , the justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds . 
Because of an error by the National Association of Securities Dealers , the listing appeared incorrectly in the main table and several highlight tables in yesterday 's edition . 
One analyst said the first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule , but that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second and third ships . 
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines . 
A year ago , the Tokyo company had pretax profit of 35.38 billion yen . 
In practice , the attorney general alleged in an affidavit , if an investor had access to cash `` the chances of being turned down by First Meridian were about as probable as being rejected by the Book-of-the-Month Club . '' 
On the contrary , office rubdowns usually take place in dimly lighted conference rooms , where stressed-out employees relax in specially designed chairs , fully clothed . 
Also , it is n't exposed to the weakening newsprint business , and is strong in the less-cyclical tissue business . 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 8-11 p.m. EST , on ABC : `` The Final Days . '' 
RADIO MALAISE draws the ear of the Federal Communications Commission . 
Ramada 's stock rose 87.5 cents on the news to close at $ 11.25 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading . 
`` We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility , '' Mr. Fisher said . 
The group led by Birmingham , Mich. , publicist William D. McMaster did n't name an investment banker backing the deal or say how much its members will contribute to the offer . 
In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings . 
The two companies also agreed to settle any future property rights issues over the next 10 years through binding arbitration , both companies said . 
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
What miffed many USX executives and shareholders was that the acquisition , for $ 3 billion of stock , doubled the USX shares outstanding and considerably diluted them . 
`` How many shares will be around in 1995 ? '' he asked . 
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 . 
Soybean production swells 24 % . 
Exchange officials also point out that Hibor futures were designed for institutions and corporations , not for the type of small individual investors who were very active in Hang Seng index futures and defaulted in the 1987 crash . 
I can not recall any disorder in currency markets since the 1974 guidelines were adopted . 
Ms. Chung 's program is just one of several network shows ( and many more in syndication ) that rely on the controversial technique of reconstructing events , using actors who are supposed to resemble real people , living and dead . 
The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year . 
Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares . 
The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . '' 
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
At the same time , shareholders approved the adoption of a rights plan and a super-majority voting approval requirement . 
Meanwhile , surviving Texas banking institutions are busily pitching themselves as the only lenders who truly care about the state . 
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' '' 
`` We continue to develop products faster than anyone else can . '' 
`` Publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die , '' he added . 
Big Board short interest fell 4.2 % for the month ended Oct. 13 , the second decline in a row . 
It was agreed at the outset of the Washington Drug Initiative that the FBI 's role would be to continue targeting the major drug traffickers through our National Drug Strategy . 
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend . 
`` We would n't have had to refinance if a lot of the problems had n't been there , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
`` But we certainly like what we 've seen so far . '' 
Much of the price decline has been blamed on a slowing economy and the third quarter is typically the industry 's slowest period . 
Ad agencies typically earned a straight 15 % commission ; if a client spent $ 100 million on TV time , the agency made $ 15 million . 
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
THROUGHOUT THE 1980s , investors have been looking for creative alternatives to traditional modes of financial planning . 
At the end of the month , the agency again will offer the bank . 
His credibility is also on the line in the investment community . 
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period . 
Guy F. Atkinson added 7\/8 to 16 7\/8 , on 335,700 shares . 
`` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . '' 
The fund made a similar move earlier this year . 
HBO has close to 24 million subscribers to its HBO and Cinemax networks , while Showtime and its sister service , The Movie Channel , have only about 10 million , according to Paul Kagan Associates , a Carmel , Calif. , research firm . 
That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan . 
Brown 's story : 
In December 1988 , Messrs. Peltz and May sold their stock in Triangle Industries Inc. , a packaging company they controlled , to Pechiney Corp. of France . 
Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers . 
Chemical earnings fell 10 % , reflecting softening of demand . 
Investors celebrated the second anniversary of Black Monday with a buying spree in both stocks and bonds . 
But a committee staff member said the panel is unlikely to pursue closely the role of the senators . 
Better to have a true monetarist policy , just for the experience . 
This means the returns can vary a great deal . 
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC. , Sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 1.12 billion , NYSE , had only minor structural damage . 
Remaining units will be sold to the underwriters , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Kidder , Peabody & Co. , which will also purchase an over-allotment of 2.3 million additional units . 
Dealers attributed most of the day 's gains to market-makers moving prices higher , rather than an outbreak of significant buying interest . 
Shared Technologies Inc. , offering of 2.5 million common shares , via Smetek , Van Horn & Cormack Inc. and Oakes , Fitzwilliams & Co . 
`` The kinds of questions you had before have resurfaced , '' says Raymond A. `` Chip '' Mason , chairman of regional brokerage firm Legg Mason Inc. , Baltimore . 
You 're looking at a guy whose motorcade was attacked in Bolivia by the drug terrorists , so I 'm personally a veteran of this war . 
Mr. Mayor 's hope that references to `` press freedom '' would survive unamended seems doomed to failure ; the current phrasing is `` educating the public and media to avoid manipulation . '' 
Once inside , she spends nearly four hours measuring and diagramming each room in the 80-year-old house , gathering enough information to estimate what it would cost to rebuild it . 
An increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R. , particularly the Democratic Union , allege that they show `` terroristic tendencies '' and claim that they would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims . 
The two developments leave the airline with several problems , including an unsettled labor situation . 
`` The { ministry } thinks the banks do n't know what they are doing , that they have very little idea how to cope with risk , '' said one foreign bank analyst who asked not to be identified . 
Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens , the dollar ended down only modestly . 
SAFEWAY STORES INC. , Oakland , retail food chain , annual sales of $ 13.6 billion , some structural damage to headquarters and no power ; major problems transporting products to those stores that remained open ; no numbers on how many stores closed . 
Insurance companies are rushing to sell before the end of the year , when some of their tax benefits associated with municipal bonds will be phased out . 
Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food , clothing and shoes relatively cheap for visitors from these countries . 
Operating profit climbed 51 % , to 572 million francs from 378 million in the first half of 1988 . 
The base price of the car is estimated at 30 million yen ( about $ 213,000 ) . 
A federal judge granted a temporary stay of the California Student Aid Commission 's emergency action to stop guaranteeing loans for National Technical Schools , a unit of United Education & Software Inc . 
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset-backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % . 
`` Unless an individual has a minimum of between $ 50,000 and $ 100,000 to invest in stocks , he 's still better off in mutual funds than in individual stocks , in terms of getting enough attention from a competent broker , '' says Mr. Lipper . 
Eaton Corp. had a 26 % drop in third-quarter profit mainly because of lower sales of truck parts , its largest and most profitable single business . 
Mr. Carpenter , a former consulting-firm executive who has a love for `` task forces , '' says he has done a `` complete rethink '' of Kidder in recent months . 
Some gripes about red tape are predictable : Architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules . 
The Treasury also announced details of this week 's unusual bill auction , which has been changed to accommodate the expiration of the federal debt ceiling at midnight tomorrow . 
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says . 
The Pentagon argues that the negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years and $ 23 billion in an `` above guidance '' management reserve that accounts for undefined programs that will materialize in the future . 
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor . 
And has he truly persuaded the Communist Party to accept economic change of a kind that will , sooner or later , lead to its demise ? 
Alvin W. Trivelpiece , director of Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Oak Ridge , Tenn. , was elected a director of this optical-products concern . 
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah . 
`` I can assure you , '' attests a 25-year-old lawyer in New Delhi , with a meaningfully raised eyebrow , `` from personal experience , it works . '' 
Sales rose 12 % to $ 249.5 million from $ 222.8 million . 
If this passes -- a Senate version has already been cleared for a floor vote that is likely early next year -- it would put the federal government into the contraceptive marketing business for the first time . 
If profits do n't improve , Mr. Whitten says he may quit the exchange . 
NASA estimated that , on Monday , about four computer centers were affected . 
The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety or reduce the carrier 's ability to compete , or if it gave control to a foreign interest . 
Analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates on the company after its third-quarter results proved disappointing . 
All their utterances are vague . '' 
Nightlife is plentiful . 
At its November meeting , it will try to revise its quotas to satisfy Persian Gulf members that can produce far more oil than their allotments . 
Sales dropped 4 % to $ 1.12 billion from $ 1.17 billion . 
If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium , other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products . 
The sales force is viewed as a critical asset in Integrated 's attempt to sell its core companies . 
It already has allowed the closely watched federal funds rate to decline 1\/4 percentage point to about 8 3\/4 % from its previous target level of about 9 % . 
Wall Street 
Work began on homes and apartments at an annual rate of 1,263,000 units last month , down 5.2 % from August , the department said . 
The directors did n't indicate the source of financing for Mr. Drabinsky 's new proposal , but said MCA and the Bronfman associates agreed in principle to buy for $ 57 million and then lease back to Cineplex its 18-screen theater complex in Universal City , Calif. , if Mr. Drabinsky succeeds in an offer . 
The prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency . 
Commenting on the budget mess this week , President Bush said : `` The perception out there is that it 's the fault of Congress . 
Continental is Texas Air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under Mr. Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 . 
`` Putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , SciMed shares tumbled $ 2.75 to $ 43 . 
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said . 
Following the release of the company 's fourth-quarter earnings , Apple Computer dropped 3\/4 to 48 on volume of more than 2.3 million shares . 
Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th , the stock market still has a bad case of nerves . 
Mr. Bauman received an encouraging letter from the recognized master of scandal survival , Richard Nixon . 
This month , HUD Secretary Jack Kemp unveiled a series of proposed reforms to improve management at HUD . 
That 's certainly good news for such companies as Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , which has only a four-day supply of microprocessors from the Valley on hand because of a just-in-time manufacturing approach that limits the buildup of inventory . 
The British Petroleum Co. PLC said its BP Exploration unit has produced the first oil from its Don oilfield in the North Sea . 
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal . 
Some of the large amounts are being raised by small firms . 
And her husband sometimes calls her `` Ducky . '' 
Mr. Volk , 55 years old , succeeds Duncan Dwight , who retired in September . 
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own . 
While domestic orders climbed an adjusted 8 % and a nominal 11 % in September , foreign orders declined 4 % after inflation and 1 % on a nominal basis . 
We read with interest Robert Tomsho 's Sept. 28 page-one article on Robert Redford ( `` The Sundance Kid Gets Little Respect Around Sundance '' ) . 
He said Eaton 's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated . 
Law-enforcement authorities say that at any given time , a host of fraudulent telemarketing operations mingle with the many legitimate businesses here . 
They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation . 
Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % , and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement . 
In the mortgage pass-through sector , active issues rose but trailed gains in the Treasury market . 
OPPENHEIMER CAPITAL LIMITED PARTNERSHIP increased the quarterly distribution to 40 cents a limited partnership unit from 36.25 cents . 
Underwear scored a middling 36 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a mundane product . 
Sales rose 9.7 % to $ 351.5 million from $ 320.4 million . 
Hambros rose 5 to 204 , and Schroders rose 25 to # 12.75 . 
Mr. O'Kicki said he will respond to Mr. Green 's allegation at his trial . 
Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . 
It 's like `` fire insurance , '' says Harrison Roth , the senior options strategist at Cowen & Co . 
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . '' 
Eastern Enterprises , bolstered by improved tonnages in its marine-shipping unit , had a narrower third-quarter net loss of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share . 
After he had been head of the company for 3 1\/2 years , he and his partners sold it to Phibro , a powerful commodity trading outfit , for $ 550 million in Phibro stock . 
: American Suzuki Motor Corp. , Brea , Calif. , awarded its estimated $ 10 million to $ 30 million account to Asher\/Gould , Los Angeles . 
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings . 
Under terms of the sale , Nuggets owner Sidney Shlenker could receive up to $ 11 million in additional payments from the franchise 's future earnings . 
`` We 're in the process of discussing an amended plan with the creditors and anticipate filing that amended plan shortly , '' Mr. Lorenzo told reporters . 
`` I am beside myself , '' I 've said in moments of heat , Without ever bothering To marvel at the feat . 
The latest rebate is good for all Beretta models . 
The suit 's impact on New York may be narrow , however . 
Another trader noted that many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their UAL stock at the bottom , but already own so much they ca n't buy any more . 
Industry analysts in Europe said the most likely suitor for Saab now is Fiat . 
Pestered by bosses , brokers , clients and media people and pushed by their own egos , Wall Street economists are forecasting about everything from broad economic trends to the dinkiest monthly indicator . 
But in a letter sent in August to Asia Development , Schroders said the loan was terminated because the developer had failed to deliver adequate financial data and pay certain fees to the loan-management committee on time , according to officials close to the project . 
ESB directors warmly accepted , but a whirlwind bidding match ensued . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
Apple Computer added that it was being `` cautiously optimistic , '' despite not yet closely eyeballing all of its 50 buildings in the region . 
And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat . 
They took more than 25 % casualties ; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors . 
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
`` We are going to explode lower , '' says the flamboyant market seer , who had a huge following a few years back . 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . 
`` The price can not be less than $ 7,000 . '' 
James G. Zafris , president of Danvers Savings Bank , Danvers , Mass. , says the market turmoil `` is an absolute non-event for small business . '' 
Israeli officials confirmed that Energy Minister Moshe Shahal and his Canadian counterpart , Jake Epp , discussed a possible Israeli purchase of a $ 1.1 billion Canadian nuclear reactor for producing electricity . 
`` I have no experience before with such sophisticated machinery , '' says Matsuo Toshimitsu , a 66-year-old executive vice president of Japan Air Lines , explaining his reluctance before accepting a terminal in his office this summer . 
The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street and initially will cater mostly to business travelers . 
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . 
For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share . 
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses . 
When the movie opens the Baker brothers are doing what they 've done for 15 years professionally , and twice as long as that for themselves : They 're playing proficient piano , face-to-face , on twin pianos . 
Despite all these innovations , most of the diamonds are still found in the sand swept away by the men wielding shovels and brushes -- the ignominiously named `` bedrock sweepers '' who toil in the wake of the excavators . 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % . 
The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 . 
The ratio is the number of trading days , at the exchange 's average trading volume , that would be required to convert the total short interest position . 
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 9\/32 to yield 7.937 % , compared with 99 26\/32 to yield 8.007 % . 
The theft was discovered early this year , soon after Ms. Hammond took her post . 
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . 
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said . 
He said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , mortgaged-backed securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions . 
But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth . 
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
`` It 's a question of timing , '' says Mayumi Takayama , managing director of international operations at Isetan Co. , a Tokyo department store . 
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform . 
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September . 
A capital-gains tax cut plan has been worked out by Senate Republicans . 
And with the company 's recent announcement that it is contemplating a partial sale of its real estate , the values suddenly look poorer . 
The spokeswoman said the move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of its two biggest customers , Merrill Lynch & Co. and American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , to Automated Data Processing Inc. earlier this year . 
He said large increases in sales of other non-caffeine soft drinks make the timing right now . 
Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment . 
Although settlement talks had been dropped , attorneys for the two sides apparently began talking again yesterday in an attempt to settle the matter before Thursday , when a judge is expected to rule on Warner 's request for an injunction that would block the two producers from taking over the management of Columbia . 
One person familiar with Texas billionaire Robert Bass said he is n't likely to make any hostile moves . 
`` I 'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal . 
But he did fly to Panama to scold dictator Torrijos on the drug ties of Panamanian officials , including Mr. Noriega . 
Another federal agency not normally associated with disaster relief -- the Internal Revenue Service -- moved quickly as well . 
Bus production also slipped , by 49 % from a year earlier to 2,936 units . 
Amoco Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 39 % to $ 336 million , or 65 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level . 
Shares of biotechnology companies in the area were also higher . 
Heating oil prices also rose . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
Abraham Lincoln Federal Savings Bank sank 4 to 13 1\/2 after announcing a shakeup that will change senior management and reorganize the bank 's mortgage business as a separate unit . 
The company made the announcement after the close of the markets , where its stock finished at $ 10.75 , up 25 cents , in over-the-counter trading . 
Heiwa Real Estate gained 40 to 2210 . 
Mr. Fukuyama might want to consult some American workers on the subject of class and egalitarianism . 
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . '' 
The exchange is gradually being squeezed into narrow , less-profitable segments of the market by less hidebound competitors . 
Volume was a modest 405.4 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 276.8 million Monday . 
Called Patients in the Know , the program features fact sheets designed to be easy to understand . 
Authorities in Hawaii said the wreckage of a missing commuter plane with 20 people aboard was spotted in a remote valley on the island of Molokai . 
`` Just wait for that tap-tap , that thump-thump . 
Liberty National , a bank holding company , has assets exceeding $ 3 billion . 
Ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer . 
Now , she says , `` it 's no longer an issue . '' 
But as astounding as the changes that have already occurred are , there is a fragility to glasnost . 
The banks badly want to break into all aspects of the securities business . 
Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million , or 86 cents a primary share , compared with $ 85.8 million , or 79 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Before the Gutfreunds finally left this unfriendly environment for a prodigious duplex on Fifth Avenue and an 18th-century mansion with a specially excavated $ 1 million garage in Paris , the Postels had obtained an injunction to prevent any future hoisting of trees , and in a neighborly spirit hit both the Gutfreunds and the building with a $ 35 million lawsuit . 
In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought . 
The subscribers are in 52 different communities in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi . 
Product delays , however , have left Dell buffeted by harsher competition in its bread-and-butter line of desktop computers , as powerhouse competitors Compaq Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. price their PCs more aggressively . 
The loss came after a $ 23.3 million addition to loan-loss reserves . 
In Los Angeles , in our lean years , we gave parties . '' 
The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 . 
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares . 
He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life . 
No replacement was immediately named . 
IBM , though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business , did n't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did , and that was n't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard . 
And in little more than a decade of being friendly -- and at the same time rocking the staid Swiss business community with some U.S.-style wheeling and dealing -- the 46-year-old Mr. Rey has grown from a modest banker to a billionaire . 
Mr. Iverson says there are 5,000 potential customers for the software in the Washington , D.C. , area alone . 
A White House spokesman said President Bush is `` generally supportive '' of the Packwood plan . 
The company has 18,000 employees and more than 70 buildings in the Bay area . 
While many experts argue that food-importing nations would eventually become self-sufficient in a free-market system , the poorest nations are likely to need help in the meantime . 
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario . 
Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't . 
Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps one sees just about all of them could have been avoided . 
The practice of businesses throwing out junk mail `` is a commonly known problem , and it 's increasing as companies attempt to put through budget cuts across the board , '' right down to the mail-room level , says Stephen Belth , a list consultant and chairman of the Direct Marketing Association 's business-to-business council . 
They needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts . 
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody . 
At the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive . 
Non-interest income fell slightly to $ 191.9 million from $ 193.3 million , while Wells Fargo continued to rigorously control non-interest expense , which was almost flat at $ 393.4 million . 
Mr. Kilpatrick will remain a director . 
Whatever the outcome of a test case , President Bush would have to move cautiously becase the very attempt would `` antagonize not just Democrats but Republicans , '' says Louis Fisher , a scholar at the Congressional Research Service who specializes in executive-legislative relations . 
On a comparable store basis , including the new acquisitions for both years , sales for fiscal 1989 were up 1.9 % . 
The company had sought increases totaling $ 80.3 million , or 22 % . 
While she is wondering whether to live it up , and do something even more dramatic , say get married , her life is further complicated by the reappearance of an old flame , David , a film critic and actor who always seems to be just on the brink of stardom . 
Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer when they are falling . 
But Andrew Porter , a drug-industry analyst at Nikko Securities Co. in London , said if the product were to be successfully developed it would represent `` a potential threat to the long-term viability of Retrovir . 
After the announcement yesterday , Digital shares gained $ 1.25 to close at $ 89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
He defeated the contentious Mr. Koch in the Democratic primary partly because he seemed to offer hope he could heal the city 's racial and ethnic wounds . 
That Labor Day , in his first major act after succeeding the resigned Richard Nixon as president , Gerald R. Ford signed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act . 
It 's the first time in the survey 's 15 years that the over-50 group came out ahead . 
In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 . 
It was n't clear where Santa Fe Pacific expected to obtain the payment of more than $ 500 million , which would be well above the $ 400 million that California pension fund officials say they plan to provide . 
That is the key to the current `` national disease . '' 
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow . 
Commodore has seemed to be setting the stage recently for progress in the U.S. , where its personal-computer sales have been so dismal for years that Commodore is close to dropping off research firms ' market-share charts . 
They ca n't afford to stay out of HDTV . '' 
He noted that two weeks ago there were rumors of Soviet sales of precious metals to finance grain purchases , but the sales do n't seem to have materialized . 
A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , pulse and urine , it also stores the data for up to 130 days . 
Cineplex traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 11.25 a share , up $ 1.125 , before trading was halted . 
But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured . 
Also , BASF AG , another large chemicals company , said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics . 
By that , he means low-margin but low-risk products such as certain types of primary property insurance . 
` When the quake hit , we turned on our emergency generator and brought our computers up , '' he says . 
Still , suggestions ' net savings per 100 employees is $ 274,475 in Japan vs. $ 24,891 in the U.S. . 
But U.S. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah , the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories , which the U.S. does n't classify as terrorism . 
Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday . 
Detrex is setting aside $ 3.1 million for the cleanup , but said the reserve reduced its quarterly income by only $ 1.9 million because of tax considerations . 
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . '' 
Mr. Smith , 50 years old , was formerly responsible for advanced materials , which include plastic composites and alloys , in North America only . 
AVON RENT-A-CAR & TRUCK Corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock . 
They concede that much of the government meddling that torments them is essential to the public good , and even to their own businesses . 
NCNB Corp. raised $ 1 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
The CD seemed like a great deal . 
Next Spring , the two will battle in local elections . 
Also under Chapter 11 , a reorganization plan is subject to approval by bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing . 
An experimental vaccine can alter the immune response of people infected with the AIDS virus , a prominent U.S. scientist said . 
The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally . 
Carl Ericson , who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund , says the fund 's 25 % leverage has jacked up its interest income . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
`` It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash . '' 
Among the possibilities the Treasury is considering are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers . 
Wafaa El-Sadr , who heads the AIDS program at New York City 's Harlem Hospital Center , ca n't find help . 
The Senate convicted federal Judge Alcee Hastings of Miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench . 
Ivan Boesky , Dennis Levine , Martin Siegel , Victor and Steven Posner , and now Michael Milken and perhaps Leona Helmsley . 
Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other . 
`` But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . '' 
Litigation Sciences concedes that in one in 20 cases it was flatout wrong in its predictions . 
But no one could disagree that Ken Burns has made a fascinating film about this famous American painter . 
Suddenly the woman begins swaying and then writhing . 
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there . 
The five-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's comparable note . 
Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . 
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
She went first for personal mementos . 
`` It gave me great pride to see the inventor of the microcassette in Japan look at the pico and shake his head and say ` unbelievable , ' '' says Mr. Jachmann . 
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so . 
Both MCA 's music-entertainment and book-publishing units also posted record revenue and operating profit . 
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter . 
Separately , UniFirst reported that net income rose 21 % to $ 3 million , or 29 cents a share adjusted for the split , for the fourth quarter ended Aug. 26 . 
Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions . 
Yesterday , U.S. Judge Alcee Hastings faced his jury -- the full U.S. Senate -- and said , `` I am not guilty of having committed any crime . '' 
Now , the White House has decided to accept the higher wage over only two years . 
Van Nghe quickly made influential enemies . 
Now there 's a new wrinkle in what young doctors want : More than half of 300 residents responding to recent survey said they 'd prefer a guaranteed salary over traditional fee-for-service compensation in their first professional position . 
Four Bear Stearns executives besides the 62-year-old Mr. Greenberg were paid $ 3 million or more before dividends for the 14 months ended in June . 
A company spokesman declined to estimate the impact of the closures on earnings . 
Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . '' 
This would leave Britain free to adopt the charter after having rebutted the action program . 
Instead , they focus on events in department stores and pour their promotional budgets into gifts that go along with purchases . 
The Department of Housing and Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless , the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims , and the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic . 
Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business and an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million . 
Under the new offer , IMA will pay $ 26.50 a share for 63 million shares , or about 86 % of the shares outstanding . 
By accounting definitions , this had to produce a sudden trade deficit . 
Lawyers for the company and executives could n't be reached for comment . 
ONEIDA Ltd. declared a 10 % stock dividend , payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 17 . 
There are about $ 100 million of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.30 % , which is the issue 's high yield . 
It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself , its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes . 
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . '' 
Alfred Zapfel , chief trader at Bank of Boston in Frankfurt , took an opposite stance . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset can only be 15.5 % . 
Because hurricanes can change course rapidly , the company sends employees home and shuts down operations in stages -- the closer a storm gets , the more complete the shutdown . 
L.J. Hooker 's planned sale of Merksamer is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
Customers hear a lot of this stuff from people who try to sell them stock . 
For bankers and regulators , Arizona is looking more like Texas every day . 
The amount would help Los Angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake , while waiting for federal assistance to arrive . 
Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when . 
Peter Georgescu , president of Y&R 's ad operations , will assume Mr. Klein 's day-to-day role . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
Furthermore , she had insisted on paths so narrow ( five to eight feet ) and hedge corners so square that standard maintenance equipment -- trucks or cherry pickers -- could n't maneuver . 
National says it agreed to acquire Krysalis 's assets and will start shipping commercial quantities of its first chips , including a 4-kilobit memory , next year . 
A spokesman said sales are expected to be hurt , but the losses are covered by insurance . 
The town is home to the Mountain Bike Hall of Fame and it hosts the annual Fat Tire Bike Week . 
They are cutting ticket prices by as much as 70 % from normal levels for travel to most U.S. locations on Dec. 24 , 25 , 29 , 30 and 31 , and Jan. 4 , 5 and 6 . 
At the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through super-majority voting rights . 
At the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit , net rose 17 % to a record $ 240.8 million on a 19 % revenue increase . 
`` However , given the changes in the market conditions that have occurred since then , we decided to sell only the amount needed to proceed with our contemplated recapitalization , '' he said . 
`` Shortage '' and `` crisis '' became buzz words , although neither really applied . 
Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides . 
The notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is absurd . 
Impact of the Oct. 17 San Francisco earthquake , which will be recorded in the fourth quarter , is n't expected to exceed $ 50 million after taxes , the company added . 
He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives . 
Because the federal Freedom of Information Act was n't law at that time , the FBI was n't required to turn over information on its investigations when Mr. Ferguson appealed his conviction in the 1960s . 
Last week , the surprise resignation of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent the British pound into a tailspin . 
Mr. Hollander 's High Technology Holding Co. of Stamford , Conn. , acquired most of its stake last August in an $ 11-a-share tender offer for Newport , a maker of electronic-measuring devices . 
The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one . 
According to the association 's annual report , scheduled to be released today in Warsaw , IATA members have n't posted such a strong performance since the late 1970s . 
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns . 
That is because many companies will standardize on certain types of equipment as the various parts of the manufacturing market merge , and IBM is the biggest player . 
Lawmakers in both houses support the higher level . 
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint . 
No wonder . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it was waiting to see U.S. Memories ' business plan . 
He is now president of Eastate Homes Inc. , an Indianapolis contractor . 
Secretary of State for Trade and Industry Nicholas Ridley said later in the day that the government would abolish its golden share in Jaguar , the luxury auto maker being stalked by General Motors and Ford Motor . 
In April , the psyllium bandwagon got more crowded . 
Analysts have estimated that Pinnacle West may have to inject between $ 300 million and $ 400 million into the MeraBank unit before turning the thrift over to federal regulators . 
However , `` we are n't currently doing anything . 
But a dollar invested in long-term bonds in 1926 would have grown to only $ 16.56 , and a dollar put in Treasury bills would equal a meager $ 9.29 . 
The disabled-workers bill ( quack , quack ) . 
In addition to turning down the compromise , Judge Harold C. Abramson said he would allow a claim of only $ 19.7 million . 
If parents are dissatisfied with a school , they should have the option of switching to another . 
Indeed , a few economists maintain that global forces will continue to govern Hong Kong 's economic rhythm . 
For most field workers , it 's about time . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others . 
But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it . 
Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel . 
But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush . 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
In fact , a sister company , Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery , plans to build 240,000 minicars by the mid-1990s . 
Mr. Jefferies 's performance as a witness was expected to affect his sentencing . 
Denied a vote on substance , the GOP leadership in the Senate on Friday morning was confronted with a hard choice . 
In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest . 
Sounds great -- or does it ? 
It may seem trivial to worry about the World Series amid the destruction to the Bay Area wrought by Tuesday 's quake , but the name of this column is `` On Sports , '' so I feel obliged to do so . 
Even the volatility created by stock index arbitrage and other computer-driven trading strategies is n't entirely bad , in Mr. Connolly 's view . 
We observed at least two large plastic bags of shredded paper loaded into this truck . '' 
But when they discover that markets are n't always as liquid as they supposed -- markets jump . 
That could shove a weak economy into recession . 
THE PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department . 
The conversion increased total equity capital by about $ 38.5 million to a total of $ 156.8 million . 
Among pharmaceutical shares , Chugai lost 60 yen to 2,290 yen ( $ 16.20 ) , and Mochida fell 150 to 4,290 . 
West Germany will repeal the unpopular turnover tax on securities transactions as of Jan. 1 , 1991 , Economics Minister Helmut Haussmann said . 
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines { who } can only promise this for some ... years in the future . '' 
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months . 
But even though by some estimates it might cost the world as much as $ 100 billion between now and the year 2000 to convert to other coolants , foaming agents and solvents and to redesign equipment for these less efficient substitutes , the Montreal Protocol 's legions of supporters say it is worth it . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion . 
Consequently , the winnowing process was like a lottery `` in which each group { held } a ticket unrelated to its anatomical virtues . 
Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ? 
Ford said yesterday it will halt imports of the Merkur Scorpio , a $ 28,000 luxury sedan built by Ford of Europe in West Germany . 
In addition , some of the proposals are so close , that non-financial issues such as timing may play a more important role . 
`` When we were told it was Exxon , it was beyond all expectations ; what a coup , '' said Tom Lewis , senior vice president of Dallas Partnership , the economic development affiliate of the city 's Chamber of Commerce . 
`` The thing about the Dinkins candidacy is that it offers hope to a broad range of people , '' says Meyer Frucher , a real-estate executive and former aide to Gov. Mario Cuomo . 
Instead , they map out a strategy in several phases from now until 1995 . 
GM also had dismal results in the first 10 days of the month , while other auto makers reported mixed results . 
The Peruvian mineral concern 's $ 251 million claim stems from 1988 jury award in a case stemming from the brothers ' alleged attempts to corner the 1979-80 silver market . 
The yield is offered across a range of maturities at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co . 
Compaq , which said it discovered the bugs , still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6 . 
Jaguar ( OTC ; Symbol : JAGRY ) 
However , dealers caution that any increase would be $ 1 to $ 2 at most . 
`` The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows and clocks and lots of red and black decor , are gone , '' Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Some projections show Mexico importing crude by the end of the century , barring an overhaul of operations . 
On Friday , British Air issued a statement saying it `` does not intend to participate in any new deal for the acquisition of UAL in the foreseeable future . '' 
Houston 
Remember , though , that beta also has important limitations . 
To ask those questions is to answer them . 
Maxicare Health Plans Inc. , operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection , outlined terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes . 
COHERENT INC. , Palo Alto , laser maker , annual sales of $ 159 million , was closed yesterday but expects to reopen today . 
`` The biggest problem we have is that investors realize , after the fact , that they did n't understand what they were investing in . '' 
That 's because the cost of buying put options eats into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise . 
More than one-third of the responding businesses said they suffer from drug dealing and loitering near their premises . 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
Sales in the first half came to 159.92 billion yen , compared with 104.79 billion yen in the four-month period . 
However , Dr. Etienne-Emile Baulieu , the French physician who invented RU-486 , wrote in a Science magazine article last month that the rabbit-test results could not be duplicated in rats and monkeys . 
Poverty is only two blocks from President Bush 's residence . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bay closed at $ 2.625 , down 25 cents . 
Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas or oil rise sharply or if utilities , which have been pressured by regulators to keep down rates , are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity . 
At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding . 
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. -- 
The Akron , Ohio-based company said pretax operating income in its tire segment jumped about 31 % to $ 196.2 million from $ 150.2 million a year earlier , reflecting improvements in raw material costs , sales of replacement tires and pricing . 
`` There is no violation of the capitalistic principle of private property in what we are doing , '' says Lee Kyu Hwang , director of the government 's Land Bureau , which drafted the bills . 
But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the `` new urgency '' is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring . 
The greatest contribution Congress could make at this time would be to declare that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the Federal Reserve System . 
Mr. Gatward has spent a lot of time since late September at MTM 's headquarters ; he eliminated three departments and fired six executives , according to the TVS spokesman . 
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . 
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says . 
Xerox Corp. 's third-quarter net income grew 6.2 % on 7.3 % higher revenue , earning mixed reviews from Wall Street analysts . 
In the experiment , mice with the defective gene were mated . 
Now , Mr. Pilson -- a former college basketball player who says a good negotiator needs `` a level of focus and intellectual attention '' similar to a good athlete-s is facing the consequences of his own aggressiveness . 
EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for Hugo 's victims ; IRS Notice 89108 has details . 
And by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the gridlocked parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black plume of smoke we saw on the northern horizon . 
Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products . 
Messrs. Lee and Bynoe last July announced a deal that would have made them the first black principal owners of a major professional sports franchise . 
Study halls , complete with reference materials , will be available . 
Revenue was flat at $ 2.59 billion . 
International Finance Corp . ( agency ) -- 10 billion pesetas of 11.6 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 11.60 % less full fees , via Citibank ( Madrid ) and Banco Espanol de Credito , Spain . 
Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art . 
But when Mr. Maynard came forward with his machine in the early 1970s nobody else was offering them in the U.S. . 
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees . 
Transportation department officials , however , said they were as surprised as anyone by the Cypress destruction . 
That segment continues to post strong quarter-to-quarter gains , while the low-end , or commodity segment , of the industry is experiencing sluggish growth or even sales declines . 
Richard Carrion , who is currently president and chief executive officer of Banco Popular , said the merger will result in a `` larger and stronger locally based bank . '' 
The next day , Mr. Schaeffer presented the couple with a check for $ 151,000 to help them build a new home in the same neighborhood . 
Mr. Freeman said machinists ' union advisers plan to meet this week to try to draw up a blueprint for some form of recapitalization that could include a special dividend for shareholders , an employee stake and , perhaps , an equity investment by a friendly investor . 
Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents ( Glenn Close and James Woods ) and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption ( Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon ) . 
Municipal Issues 
Eventually viewers may grow bored with the technology and resent the cost . 
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one-third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million . 
He is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge portrait of his late father , Hendrik F. Verwoerd , apartheid 's architect and South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 . 
The companies running the disaster ads certainly do n't see themselves as ambulance chasers , either . 
Directors elected R. Marvin Womack , currently vice president\/product supply , purchasing , to head the company 's Washington , D.C. , office . 
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted . 
Even before then , the trust may be eager to unload Manville stock . 
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry . 
The high-tech industry is full of the kind of arrangement that the new guidelines would affect . 
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of a Senate Foreign Relations subcommittee that oversees the issue of money laundering , criticized the proposal for ignoring wire transfers between foreign banks that are executed and cleared on U.S. wire systems . 
Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . 
Keep your Thomas Jeffersons , or St. Augustines or Michelangelos ; I 'd take baseball 's Flying Scot without hesitation . '' 
Federal researchers said lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , particularly for white males . 
President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs . 
The company 's latest moves were disclosed after the Australian Stock Exchange suspended trading in shares of Qintex Australia and Qintex Ltd. because the companies had n't answered an exchange inquiry about the extent of their loans , investments and deposits at Qintex Entertainment . 
Jefferies , a Los Angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended Sept. 30 created an unrealized pretax loss of about $ 6 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major . 
Hudson 's Bay said that Woodbridge Co. , which currently holds about 77 % of the ordinary shares , will subscribe for all the shares to which it is entitled and for any shares that are n't otherwise taken up . 
Columbia also has unrealized gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 70 million . 
She declined to identify other bidders but said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer `` is all cash , and it 's for all of the company . '' 
We know Verdi 's own contribution was mighty impressive since the operatic `` Libera me '' was reworked for the Manzoni Requiem , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson . 
Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction . 
`` People say they swim , and that may mean they 've been to the beach this year , '' says Krys Spain , research specialist for the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports . 
Takeover speculation has been rife , its consulting business is on the block , and its largest shareholder , Southeastern Asset Management , has said it 's been approached by third parties regarding a possible restructuring . 
And so on . 
When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period , the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines . 
While a large number of Hong Kong companies have reincorporated offshore ahead of 1997 , such a move is n't an option for Cathay because it would jeopardize its landing rights in Hong Kong . 
Janet Malcolm , a professional writer on psychiatric matters , wrote a series of articles for the New Yorker , later published in book form by Knopf under the title `` In the Freud Archives . '' 
Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated . 
Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti , whose secretive raid on the company 's stock had led to a bitter battle . 
But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end . 
Soviet President Mikhail S. Gorbachev told the legislators they had made a good start , but that the most difficult work was still ahead . 
At first UAL did n't open because of an order imbalance . 
Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
The public has a tendency to equate lawful demonstrations with non-violent civil disobedience . 
Computer Associates closed at $ 13.625 , down 25 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
`` We 've started trying just about anything to keep sales moving in the stores , '' says Kim Renk , a Swank vice president . 
William E. Downing , Pacific Bell 's vice president of customer services for the Bay area , says most long-distance companies were blocking about 50 % of all calls . 
For 48 hours , no one had any idea precisely how much his securities were worth . 
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % . 
First quarter , July 31 , 1989 : 
The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people . 
\*\* Projected 
But losers were spread in a broad range by the end of the session . 
Half of those polled see the currency trending lower over the next three months , while the others forecast a modest rebound after the New Year . 
Sen. Mitchell said that congressional Democrats intend to honor the March agreement to give non-lethal support to the Contras through the February elections , although he added that the agreement requires that the Contras not initiate any military action . 
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen , down 0.2 cent from September . 
Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific . 
Yesterday 's yield was the lowest since 7.22 % on July 27 . 
After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist . 
U.S. Cycling Federation official Philip Milburn says mountain biking is `` growing at such a monstrous rate that a lot of companies are getting into this . '' 
Their verdict on real estate is almost the same . 
None made it past the body searches and X-rays of mine security . 
The exchanges say liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration . 
Before 1974 , a President could `` impound , '' or refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress . 
Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara said it rescheduled to Nov. 29 a special shareholder meeting to vote on a $ 75 million stock-for-debt exchange . 
The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . 
Corporate Issues 
Most said they shut down their petroleum pipeline operations as a precaution but did n't see any immediate damage . 
The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner . 
Perhaps he 'd have called for `` a decentralized political and economic system '' without a dominant communist party . 
At Grumman 's Aircraft Systems Division , a cross-functional team reduced the cycle time required to produce a new business proposal for an important government contract . 
Materials and production costs also rose , TRW said . 
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw . 
A year later , she moved to the commercial property claims division . 
Later that month , it added an entire tank brigade , including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles . 
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says . 
His brother , Parkhaji , whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban , nods vigorous assent . 
In fact it can be argued that increasing capital commitments by market makers ( a result of some post-1987 crash studies ) also increases market volatility , since the more securities are held by market makers at any given time , the more selling pressure is overhanging the market . 
Esselte AB of Sweden offered $ 43.50 a share for the 22 % of the company it does n't already own . 
Said the spokeswoman : `` The whole structure has changed . 
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass . 
About 900,000 units will continue to be publicly traded on the New York Stock Exchange , Enserch said . 
Lawmakers , haunted by charges that some of their comments contributed to the 1987 crash , generally shy away from calls for sweeping new legislation . 
When Mr. Paul moved in on the art market , he let it be known that virtually no piece was too costly to be considered by CenTrust . 
There are so many cunning ploys used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all . 
Just two weeks ago , BankAmerica 's yields in many of those maturities was 8.61 % . 
American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency . 
Mr. Ehrlich will continue as a director and a consultant . 
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
The appeals court also said , `` We think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims '' stemming from any cleanup . 
The Credit Lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs . 
For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share . 
It is shown weekdays on two of the country 's five networks . 
According to Baker Hughes Inc. , 992 rotary rigs were at work in the U.S. last week , up from the year-ago count of 933 . 
He said the fourth quarter will be `` challenging , '' and maintained his conservative forecast that 1990 `` wo n't be a barn burner . '' 
John Bonomo , a Nynex spokesman , says the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job . 
As part of the same bill , the finance panel also voted in favor of billions of dollars in narrow tax breaks for individuals and corporations , in what committee member Sen. David Pryor ( D. , Ark . ) calls a `` feeding frenzy '' of special-interest legislating . 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
Potential bondholders will either look for greater equity participation on behalf of management , or insist the equity component of the deals be substantially greater than in the past . 
Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims . 
HomeFed plunged 3 5\/8 to 38 1\/2 ; its third-quarter earnings were down from a year ago . 
Now , in the wake of UAL 's troubles in financing its buy-out , the airline raiding game has been grounded . 
Mr. Stein said Woodstream is `` marginally profitable '' but has n't performed as well as expected . 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
Compound annual returns , including price changes and income from interest and dividends 
Issuance of those warrants will be at the rate of one-third warrant for each warrant exercised . 
Analysts expect Conner 's earnings to reach roughly $ 40 million , or $ 1 to $ 1.05 a share , on sales of $ 650 million , for 1989 , the company 's third full year in business . 
Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . 
He has been a Bearings director since 1985 . 
But investors noted that under the shelved offering , TW would have needed to grow to meet its debt payments . 
But William O. Bourke , chairman and chief executive officer , said the ingot price `` appears to have bottomed out . '' 
But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year . 
Barney Barnhardt , a 727 captain and leader of the pro-union forces , said he has received two anonymous death threats and been challenged to a fight with tire irons by a colleague . 
The market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product , due out Thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace . 
Two of Mr. Holmes 's business associates who worked for Venture Capitalists , Kimberly Ann Smith and Frederick Byrum , also consented to being enjoined from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws . 
Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that `` I 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
The thrift emphasized that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million . 
But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs . 
Trading in Hang Seng index futures remains crippled by the experience . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
Crestmont is conducting a search for a chief executive . 
That 's the way a lot of brokers feel today on the second anniversary of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
After working for years with Werner Rainer Fassbinder , the late German director , and more recently with Martin Scorsese ( `` After Hours , '' `` The Color of Money , '' `` The Last Temptation of Christ '' ) , Mr. Ballhaus has developed a distinctively fluid style . 
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
The financial-services firm , struggling since summer to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing after missing interest payments on about $ 1 billion of debt , will retain the right to regain the subsidiary . 
John Dingell demagogues a David Baltimore , animal-rights activists do $ 3.5 million of damage to labs at the U.Cal-Davis , Meryl Streep decries the horrors of chemistry on talk shows , Jeremy Rifkin files lawsuits in federal court to thwart biotech experiments , and Dutch-elm-disease researcher Gary Strobel 's own colleagues at Montana State denounce him for `` violating '' EPA rules . 
Mr. Lang has named Carol Taber , 43 , as group publisher of New York-based Lang Communications . 
`` Profits at Christmas could be under attack for every retailer , '' asserts Norman Abramson , president and chief operating officer of Clothestime Inc. , an off-price chain . 
As of Sept. 30 , Halsey had 5.3 million common shares outstanding . 
How did this happen ? 
The Machinists rejected a proposal featuring a 10 % base wage increase over the life of the three-year contract , plus bonuses of 8 % the first year and 3 % the second . 
On July 18 , 1974 , International Nickle of Canada -- advised by Morgan -- offered $ 28 a share , equal to $ 157 million , for ESB , a Philadelphia battery maker . 
September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August . 
That is n't the $ 40 that delighted producers a decade ago or the $ 10 that pleased users a year ago . 
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund . 
Mr. Montgoris said the firm has a `` straight mathematical formula '' for determining compensation , based on the firm 's earnings . 
One stuck to old-line business traditions , while the other embraced the change . 
Southwestern shares fell 50 cents to $ 55.875 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 14 % to $ 589 million from $ 515.1 million . 
The last time Columbia Pictures was looking for a studio chief , they note , Warner released producer David Puttnam from his contract , then took him back after he was subsequently fired by his bosses at Columbia . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 point lower . 
But the warranty on simpler parts would be lowered to two years or 24,000 miles . 
CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season . 
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
`` Batibot '' lacks the polish of `` Sesame Street . '' 
A Rake 's Progress Means Branching Out 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's sales of household products in the U.S. were flat for the quarter , and they estimated operating margins at only 1 % to 3 % . 
While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases , the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed . 
Director Michael Engler has assembled a top-flight cast to carry out the impersonations of well-known political figures and to play the stock characters who invariably show up at congressional hearings . 
They pause only to register little whimpers of distress and sighs of satisfaction , like tourists cataloging the sights they 've seen from the window of a bus . 
Last week , the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up : Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters , the adviser , announced his resignation within an hour . 
Not everyone believes that the good times are over for shippers . 
`` Our markets move so fast and they are so volatile , there 's no way the average investor can compete with the pros . '' 
And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them on the loony fringe . 
But now , Peter Behrendt , president , says , `` We 're making decisions on a day-to-day basis . '' 
They discourage prosecutors , under certain circumstances , from seeking court orders seizing the assets of racketeering defendants prior to trial . 
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo . 
But Congress and the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power they have given the Fed . 
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy . 
But retail energy prices declined 0.9 % in September . 
Excluding special gains from tax-loss carry-forwards , earnings in the latest quarter were $ 117.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share , compared with $ 187.4 million , or $ 1.76 a share . 
If sales do n't pick up , the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again . 
Traders estimated that more than $ 140 million of high-grade bonds was put up for sale via bid-wanted lists circulated by a handful of major brokers . 
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber . 
It continues to gain strength in the chamber but remains far short of the two-thirds majority required to prevail over Mr. Bush . 
Police in Yugoslavia dispersed about 1,000 ethnic Albanians who were protesting the trial of the former Communist Party chief of the southern province of Kosovo . 
Thomas Boyd , a senior Justice Department official , says the new federal drug-related crimes punishable by death since last November may result in a jump in capital sentences , though that has n't happened so far . 
There were no complaints from affiliates of CBS Inc. and Cable News Network , a unit of Turner Broadcasting System Inc . 
Here are four key steps : 
Others have tried to spruce up frequent-flier programs . 
At the opposite end of the market , Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division on Nov. 8 -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale . 
There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel . 
U.K. composite , or non-life , insurers , which some equity analysts said might be heavily hit by the earthquake disaster , helped support the London market by showing only narrow losses in early trading . 
Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment . 
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . '' 
Total Merkur sales for the first nine months dropped 46 % from a year ago to just 6,320 cars . 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
There are also $ 40 million of uninsured subordinate lien bonds , due Dec. 1 , 2008 , and Dec. 1 , 2015 . 
It is more aggressive than most , but it is n't the only company with a new attitude , as it found when it went looking for a partner for the Sharpshooter . 
From time to time he returns to the monastery for prayer , meditation and pro bono legal work . 
The flextime may cut by almost a third the number of PG&E employees working conventional 9-5 hours , a spokesman says . 
Three seats currently are vacant and three others are likely to be filled within a few years , so patent lawyers and research-based industries are making a new push for specialists to be added to the court . 
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well . 
It said about half are in California , with the rest scattered across the country . 
And when he 's told `` Try a little tenderness , '' he shoots back `` I 'm going home to try a little linguine . '' 
The sales job seems to be paying off : When he bought the team , only six of the suites had been sold . 
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt . 
Opponents of the increase argue that the IMF practices central planning while supporting ineffective governments . 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
`` The SEC has historically paid obeisance to the ideal of a level playing field , '' wrote Clyde S. McGregor of Winnetka , Ill. , in one of the 92 letters the agency has received since the changes were proposed Aug. 17 . 
But institutions say Wall Street brokerage firms are less willing to make markets . 
Nor did they return his house and contents , which he values at about $ 44,000 . 
The merchant bank also announced that finance director David Eward is taking early retirement for personal reasons . 
Sales fell 2.5 % to $ 1.54 billion from $ 1.58 billion . 
`` California prices were already coming down . 
Paramedics were called . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.10 % in 2002 . 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
`` Investors , especially dealers , do n't want to hold a position over the weekend , '' a trader at Dai-ichi Securities said , adding , though , that the trading mood remained positive through the afternoon session . 
Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs . 
Mr. Tait say he does n't blame Lilly . 
`` We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending , '' he said . 
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies . 
She says it 'd create 600 jobs and bring Cleveland tourist revenue . 
The authors , from Boston 's Beth Israel Hospital , say that 84 % of the 50 births they followed occurred after only two in vitro cycles . 
Once external conditions , such as U.S. demand , swing in the territory 's favor , they argue , local businessmen will probably overcome their 1997 worries and continue doing business as usual . 
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year . 
The wholesale price index stood at 89.6 ( 1985 equals 100 ) . 
In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese . 
The issue is rated triple-A by S&P , Moody 's and Fitch Investors Service Inc . 
FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . '' 
The company said it also is making progress in negotiating the buy-out of its design division by management . 
While the promises of big profits ought to set off warning bells , they often do n't , in part because get-rich-quick tales have become embedded in American folklore . 
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs . 
Then , by voice vote , the Senate voted a pork-barrel bill , approved Thursday by the House , for domestic military construction . 
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position . 
Mr. Junius said Nashua 's `` intention is to remain an independent public company . '' 
Power could n't be restored at the company 's San Francisco headquarters to allow trading yesterday morning . 
`` But it does get him to return my calls , and it makes me feel better for the times he 's given me the brushoff , '' Mr. Kessler says . 
The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events that have befallen the company , including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash and the disappearance of a company vendor who was to be a key grand jury witness . 
His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes . 
The producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 . 
Mr. Brady hesitantly replied that he was n't sure whether Mr. Greenspan `` made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report . '' 
Including those , he contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of Concerned Veterans and the Vietnam Veterans Service Center . 
There also is concern that once Hong Kong reverts to China 's sovereignty in 1997 , Cathay will be forced to play second fiddle to China 's often-disparaged flag carrier , Civil Aviation Administration of China , or CAAC . 
In Brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday . 
Both are mining concerns . 
Their machine tools are even bolted to the shop floor . 
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities . 
A spokeswoman for GE in Fairfield , Conn. , said , `` Absolutely no one spoke to Jack Welch on this subject '' and added , `` Anyone who claims they talked to Jack Welch is n't telling the truth . '' 
But such thin-slab technology is only the beginning . 
The researchers discovered that Episcopalians , Presbyterians , Methodists and fundamantalist Protestants were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury . 
Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice , and that 's all you get of him here , speaking for the baby . 
It also made artful use of semantics , redefining as non-strategic industries some that had been in the national domain . 
Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals . 
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 . 
It 's all part of a new `` command center . '' 
Most political analysts say that if Mr. Gandhi 's opposition unites to field single candidates in most precincts , the Congress ( I ) will lose big . 
But at this point , that may just be wishful thinking . 
The company just went public earlier this month . 
The document is to be discussed at a conference of leading economists late this month , and will probably be presented to the Soviet Parliament for consideration this year . 
Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile . 
If gold stocks and utilities continue to lead , it may signal that the market is in for rough times . 
GM 's help would `` make it possible { for Jaguar } to build a wider range of cars . '' 
Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 350 million third-quarter hit . 
International Paper and Weyerhaeuser declined to comment . 
The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
UNIFIRST Corp. declared a 2-for-1 stock split . 
In filing an original ( not amended ) return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately . 
`` We were unprepared for the deterioration in net exports , '' said Daniel Van Dyke , vice president of U.S. forecasting at Bank of America in San Francisco . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall as the beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in Nature , a scientific journal . 
But analysts reckon underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday . 
The Beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal . 
Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million , or 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years . 
In the two weeks since the rebellion , which the U.S. hesitantly backed , Mr. Noriega has been at his most brutal - and efficient - in maintaining power . 
The technology group is also split between large companies and small , with the biggest stocks trading as blue-chip issues in the institutional marketplace , while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults , analysts say . 
Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games , 26 fewer than ABC and NBC . 
An Anacomp official said the Indianapolis computer-services concern had no comment on the group 's share sales . 
`` That 's always looking back , '' she said . 
Manhattan National Corp. said Michael A. Conway , president and chief executive officer , was elected chief executive of the holding company 's two principal insurance subsidiaries . 
`` We do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
Saying this is a first for a Western company , West Germany 's largest mail-order group said the newly established Moscow-based Intermoda company is scheduled to begin operations in February 1990 . 
In January 1980 , Jerome Sanford , as assistant U.S. attorney , was summoned to a meeting with a Federal Bureau of Investigation agent assigned to the Bureau of Alcohol , Tobacco and Firearms in Miami . 
Sony also agreed to indemnify the producers against any liability to Warner . 
Neither Mr. Hnilica , Mr. Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend . 
The average cost for breakfast at a `` decent '' hotel restaurant in New York is $ 17.12 , according to Corporate Travel magazine . 
Despite the inevitable comparison with Compaq , however , Texas Instruments ' new notebook wo n't be a direct competitor . 
But Coniston , a New York partnership managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver , yesterday announced that `` in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets '' the offering would be postponed and restructured . 
In addition , Black & Decker had said it would sell two other undisclosed Emhart operations if it received the right price . 
With prices already headed lower , news of a series of explosions at a major Phillips Petroleum Co. chemical facility on the Houston Ship Channel also was bearish for prices . 
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January . 
But after selling off pieces such as its East Coast shuttle , its Philadelphia hub and various planes , Eastern hit a stumbling block . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
We 'll have to wait and see '' how the plan develops . 
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- `` Parental involvement '' is a bad idea . 
The Khmer Rouge , however , carry an unsurpassed record for Cambodian tyranny . 
Among California savings-and-loan stocks , H.F. Ahmanson eased 3\/8 to 22 1\/4 , CalFed slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/8 , Great Western Financial dropped 1\/2 to 21 1\/4 and Golden West Financial fell 5\/8 to 29 1\/4 . 
The December contract ended with a gain of 1.29 cents a pound at 74.35 cents . 
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A . 
For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on miscalculation and the defense of bureaucratic and political turf . 
With this treatment we have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer by one-third -- but this leaves the two-thirds who are dying of cancer . 
Heavy losses in North American auto operations sent GM 's net tumbling to $ 516.9 million from a record $ 859.2 million . 
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not . 
Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency . 
It 's the line-item veto , a procedure that would allow the president to kill individual items in a big spending bill passed by Congress without vetoing the entire bill . 
Or at least he should . 
TAXPAYERS ' RIGHTS are defined by a growing number of states . 
Doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 44 % interest in Western Forest , which is currently held by two Canadian banks . 
The company earned $ 191.1 million , or $ 2.79 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Its ambiguity and uneasy mixture of the serious and the comic is no doubt one reason why it is very much in vogue with directors just now . 
Topaz , a translucent mineral that is often whitish when taken from the ground , can be turned blue by irradiation , which transforms it into a gemstone that looks like an aquamarine . 
Contrary to some opinions , the trading activities of specialists and other market makers do not provide liquidity to the market as a whole . 
`` When you look at the economics , Traub needs a Japanese and a European partner to make it work , '' says one investment banker who follows the retail industry . 
Its stock closed at $ 38 , up $ 1.875 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
The Merc first started working on developing this contract in 1984 . 
But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
It increases employee commitment to the company , with all that means for efficiency and quality control . 
But in its ruling last April , the New York court said that all producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability when the manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined . 
One troubling aspect of DEC 's results , analysts said , was its performance in Europe . 
Yet the rowing machine has n't been touched since , even though he has moved it across the country with him twice . 
`` While the overall picture is very encouraging , significant corporate tax avoidance continues , '' the study said . 
UAL , which had risen $ 9.875 to $ 178.375 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange on reports of a new bid being prepared by the group , reversed course and plummeted in off-exchange trading after the 5:09 p.m. EDT announcement . 
Roberto Morelli , Italy analyst for County Natwest Securities in London , said that right now `` the market is n't being influenced by that kind of news , '' referring to the conditional nature of the talks mentioned by Mr. Reuter and by the uncertainty surrounding world stock exchanges this week . 
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
Mr. Stoll was scanning the heavens at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 when his grant ran low and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers . 
`` Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft . 
Our ability to influence the outcome of events in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union is far more marginal . 
This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 . 
The most recent OTC short interest statistics were compiled Oct. 13 , the day the Nasdaq composite index slid 3 % and the New York Stock Exchange tumbled 7 % . 
The northern piers of the span lie in estuarian deposits that were of a type to have liquefied easily during the 1906 quake . 
And when any component of the market -- cash , futures or options -- loses liquidity , the price discovery system ( the way prices are determined ) becomes flawed or is lost entirely for a time . 
The main reason : salmonella . 
Consider the difficulties faced by Audi salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration , or Exxon dealers ' problems in the wake of the Valdez oil spill . 
Ms. Bartlett 's previous work , which earned her an international reputation in the non-horticultural art world , often took gardens as its nominal subject . 
The average seven-day compound yield of the funds reached 9.62 % in late April . 
A further problem is razor-thin profits . 
Nursing Home Patients Apt to Be Private Payers 
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation . 
Thus it is coming up short on a big bet that quick sales at higher prices would enable it to keep up with mortgage and other debt payments . 
The group is offering the notes priced as 6 3\/4 % securities to yield 6.25 % . 
Parts of the Houston Ship Channel were closed . 
The dam caused the water level to drop in Zalubice . 
He graduated near the top of his class , serving on the school law review with Richard Thornburgh , who went on to become governor of Pennsylvania and , now , U.S. Attorney General . 
Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year . 
Related Roommates Trim Hospital Bills 
`` If you 're for paying the claims ... I do n't know how anyone can oppose this . '' 
Automated teller machine operations also were up and operating yesterday , a bank spokesman said . 
One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister . '' 
The effect of Nixon era non-duck ducks was an economy clogged up with regulations and distortions . 
Understandably , smaller growth stocks have n't been in favor recently . 
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid . 
The company operates a fleet of trucks and boats to transport the commodities to its warehouses . 
It refinanced the judge 's loan , lowered its interest rate and accepted a trade-in that had n't originally been part of the deal -- a beat up 1981 Chevy Citation the dealer had to repair before it could be resold . 
Shelley M. Zeiger , an entrepreneur from New Jersey who buys Soviet porcelain and `` matryoshka '' nesting dolls for export to the U.S. , says West German companies already have snapped up much of the production of these items . 
The sell signal , which sent a bearish chill through the stock market , came when Renaissance 's computer found that stocks were overpriced compared with bonds and Treasury bills . 
Murata said , however , it will invest about 1.4 billion yen ( $ 9.9 million ) in the new company . 
Mr. Timbers countered that `` the mere fact they put in circuit breakers is an admission of their problems . '' 
Two rules in pending congressional legislation threaten to hinder leveraged buy-outs by raising the price tags of such deals by as much as 10 % . 
What is it , to borrow a term from Coniston , that so unsettled the market ? 
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers . 
Ford got a similar go-ahead earlier in October , and on Friday , Jaguar announced that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker had raised its stake to 13.2 % , or 24.2 million shares , from 12.4 % earlier in the week . 
An investigation by U.S. Postal inspectors is continuing . 
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind . 
But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow , says Mark Cremonie , director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc. , a Chicago firm that manages $ 6.5 billion . 
Both executives left the company after clashes with Chairman Ralph Ingersoll Jr . 
`` You have to count everything . '' 
Saab said last week it `` has had and will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers . '' 
In broadest terms , stability has quietly settled into international oil markets . 
Monday , October 23 , 1989 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
In centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the antiquities , your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city . 
We may ask questions as you go along , or we may wait until the end . '' 
`` Our essential focus is on domestic policy , '' Mr. Greenspan said , referring to the goals of price stability and a stable economy . 
In good times , he says , they lag a bit , but overall they provide superior performance . 
In Tokyo , stocks had a second-consecutive loss Monday in quiet trading with the exception of concentrated buying in some incentive-backed issues . 
Some senior advisers argue that with further fights over a capital-gains tax cut and a budget-reduction bill looming , Mr. Bush already has enough pending confrontations with Congress . 
Jay Marcus , president , said the move `` reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment . '' 
If he calls you up , just tell him everything is fine . '' 
In the third quarter , BSB earned $ 2 million , up from $ 1.8 million a year earlier . 
Tim Pettee , an analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. , said : `` The business turned faster than expected . 
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring . 
Independent directors would be able to block transactions they unanimously deem would be likely to depress the private market value of LIN at the time it is to be sold in five years . 
They value McCaw 's bid at $ 112 to $ 118 a share . 
Nevertheless , Kodak could n't risk letting HDTV turn its motion-picture film business into a dinosaur . 
The move is sure to heighten concerns about increased Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
Mr. Lawrence says the exchange is updating some procedures to make speedier payments on claims . 
More than half the people surveyed for the Employee Benefit Research Institute say they would be willing and able to pick up most of the cost of the coverage . 
Until recently , the huge fast-food industry , with sales of about $ 60.1 billion last year , kept price-skirmishing to a minimum . 
Mason is the largest toxicology lab in New England , with annual revenue of $ 8 million and 140 employees . 
Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre-crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . 
Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden . 
Earlier this year , Meredith sold its first such package for $ 3 million to Kraft Inc. , now a unit of New York-based Philip Morris Cos . 
Integrated will pump $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million into Royal Alliance as initial funding . 
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court . 
But he says Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees . 
The pact proposes a 2 1\/2-year contract with a raise of 8 % in the first year , 7 % in the second and 4 % for the final six months . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
The merged firm will carry Norris McLaughlin 's name . 
Petroleum companies were also popular because of expectations of a weaker dollar , which cuts dollar-denominated crude-oil prices . 
Columbia Gas System Inc. , shelf offering of up to $ 200 million of debentures . 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
Sir Geoffrey Howe , deputy prime minister and a Lawson ally on the EMS , has signaled he will continue pressing for early membership . 
Mr. Hall of the Colnaghi gallery says $ 1.15 million `` would have been an impossible price for anyone to ask for a Preti four years ago . '' 
However , director Thomas O'Rourke has said he wo n't seek re-election at the company 's annual meeting next month . 
`` These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , '' he said . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
During his years in Chiriqui , however , Mr. Noriega also revealed himself as an officer as perverse as he was ingenious . 
His observations were taken seriously . 
Hubert de la Bouillaire , an editor on the film , backs Mr. Peters in a separate sworn declaration . 
The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services . 
He visits the same department every two or three weeks . 
The action came as Congress sent to the president last night a stopgap spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake . 
Some couples continue to try . 
The fund invests mainly in gold and silver bullion . 
The rates , which take effect Jan. 2 , include a 4 % increase for national edition advertising . 
Early yesterday , investors scrambled to buy Treasury bonds for safety as stock prices plummeted and fears mounted of a replay of Friday . 
Yet at the moment they are the judges who are making the law . 
`` The company has been completely revamped , '' said Frank Knuettel , analyst for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
Mr. Cunin , 65 years old , was chief executive of the distributor of bearings and power-transmission products from 1982 to 1988 . 
But some large insurers , such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , do n't purchase reinsurance , but fund their own program . 
Before the bill left committee , Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) attached an amendment that would allow a defendant to escape from a death sentence in jurisdictions shown to have meted out executions in a racist manner . 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
Friday 's auction will be limited to $ 150 million disbursed by the Central Bank to potential investors . 
The New York-based tobacco , food and beer concern said revenue increased to $ 11.25 billion from $ 7.74 billion . 
Its parking lot is inconvenient , the MGM lion's-head logo still appears in places , and customers still call it the Grand , rather than the Bally Grand . 
Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment . 
By October , when the committee rejected a much more modest covert proposal , even the administration was agreeing little should be done . 
The summer crop is harvested , winter sowing has yet to begin . 
IBM has no plans to recall its add-on cards , the spokeswoman said , and could probably circumvent the bugs without long product delays . 
But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings . 
Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently . 
We would be delighted to have such a system in place today . 
The 1990 plan also assumes inflation will decline to 1.7 % by 1994 . 
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... . 
As of March 31 , the Daiwa group had shareholder equity of 801.21 billion yen ( $ 5.64 billion ) . 
California lawmakers are seeking changes in rules governing the federal highway relief program so more money can be made available for the state . 
Mr. Deaver confessed to his alcoholism during his trial on perjury charges . 
`` Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , '' Mr. Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said . 
A policeman shakes his head in amazement as he steers them away . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
No foreign companies bid on the Hiroshima project , according to the bureau . 
Though modest , the change reaches beyond the oil patch , too . 
All administrative rights for the U.S. jointly controlled by both companies . 
Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman . 
The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there , and hence a violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
Moreover , P&G shifted its ad campaign from one targeting older women to one featuring a woman in her mid-30s vowing `` not to grow old gracefully . '' 
It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds . 
The Garcias were cleared of four other felony counts , involving the receipt of bribes and gratuities . 
But low-priced and middle-priced furriers like Mr. Purnick , who once saturated the five-block Seventh Avenue fur district , say imports have cut their sales . 
The study provided criteria for singling out returns of `` potentially noncompliant '' taxpayers who report low income and large expenses from a part-time business . 
The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $ 30 million in awards from the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . 
He expects the price for that product to rise even more next year . 
UAL finally opened for trading at 10:08 a.m. at 150 , down $ 28 . 
Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . 
The figure was incorrectly shown as a net loss in a chart accompanying Friday 's Heard on the Street column . 
The company said the water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water and will come from the same mountain spring as water used in Coors beer . 
But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature . 
Rep. Smith died in a plane crash on Aug. 13 . 
For example , `` market-on-close orders '' must be filled during the last few minutes of trading for the day at a price that is within the official closing range of prices as determined by the exchange . 
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 9 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 2 . 
A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales . 
`` Because of shrinkage in the economy , rates can be expected to decline over a one-year horizon , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
The two sides in the legal battle have hurled accusations of duplicity at each other for weeks , and both Warner and Sony have accused each other of trying to sabotage each other 's prospects for success in the entertainment business . 
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
The Eastern District unit in Brooklyn , N.Y. , lost seven of its 15 attorneys this year partly because the lawyers were troubled by the proposed reorganization , says Laura A. Brevetti , who left the strike force to join Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein , a New York law firm . 
Under the deficit-reduction law , 4.3 % of the Pentagon 's money and 5.3 % of other agencies ' money has been canceled . 
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were `` relatively flat , sometimes choppy , '' the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % . 
Bond prices rambled yesterday as investors kept close watch on the stock market and worried about a wave of new supply . 
And the vacillation did n't end there . 
This is the commercial version . 
He gave up seven hits , walked five and did n't get a decision . 
Created by an artist who flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens , South Gardens , as now planned , will die from congestive garden design . 
The company increased its loan loss reserve to $ 354 million from $ 342 million at the end of the second quarter . 
The House and Senate are to begin soon hashing out an agreement for sanctions legislation . 
If the law leaves loopholes , use them . 
The Nasdaq over-the-counter market did n't fully recover from a selling stampede , and closed down 1.2 % . 
At 500 yen ( $ 3.60 ) for a handful of balls , pachinko is a common pastime , and has been since it took root as cheap entertainment in the years after World War II . 
Mr. de Cholet said Mr. Fournier 's biggest hope was to somehow persuade regulatory authorities to block the bid . 
Schering-Plough said sales gained 2.7 % to $ 743.7 million from $ 724.4 million . 
All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets . 
`` There is a lot of attention paid to housing as a form of household wealth , '' says Edward N. Wolff , professor of economics at New York University . 
Their opposition helped scare off some Japanese banks . 
Neither Mr. Addison nor any other Southern Co. official has been charged with any wrongdoing in connection with the current inquiries . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Xerox closed at $ 62.75 a share , up $ 1 . 
That means Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. of Houston , can go forward with its pitch for creditor approval as early as today , when it is expected to deliver a revised reorganization plan to the committee . 
In 1971 , the Congress Party won after India 's victory in the Bangladesh war . 
`` The pilot program was received well ( by teachers and students ) , but there was n't reason enough to sign up . 
The spokeswoman noted that last week , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , the securities subsidiary of General Electric Co. , chose a Quotron subsidiary to provide order-processing services . 
First Executive and troubled Valley National Corp. of Arizona were next in line . 
The company also was hurt by a $ 289 million rate reduction that went into effect in 1989 . 
A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid . 
That is n't easy . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
\*\* As of August 30 
She manages it with the title of general-director . 
Mr. Savageau says earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list . 
American Petrofina Inc. , a Dallas-based integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
Large furriers such as Antonovich Inc. , Fur Vault Inc. and Evans Inc. all reported losses in their latest fiscal years . 
Mr. Owen of Kleinwort Benson suggested that the new chancellor , John Major , will take a tough line in his autumn statement later this month , helping to underpin the pound . 
It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography . 
HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says . 
The release of MiniScribe 's new balance sheet came one day after it introduced its new line of one-inch disk drives , on which it is pinning much of its hope for survival . 
Nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan Washington that has gotten fat and rich and lazy in the shadow of the federal colossus will change much on its own initiative . 
`` From the standpoint of being on the forefront of technology , this is a step backward , '' said Jerry W. Sprecher , a senior computing manager for the California state university system . 
The Sago has become a popular accent in tony new housing tracts , apparently giving the rustlers a ready market for their filched fronds . 
The dollar was virtually unchanged . 
The board said Mr. Drabinsky and Vice Chairman Myron Gottlieb are negotiating financing before offering C$ 16.40 a share to acquire all of Cineplex 's shares outstanding . 
These people have different agendas . 
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped . 
Last week , Ford encountered a setback in its effort to broaden its U.S. luxury offerings when it was forced to abandon a four-year-old effort to market its German-built Scorpio sedan in the U.S. as a luxury import under the Merkur brand name . 
`` Many scholars are of the opinion that the mere existence of the penalty deters many people from the commission of capital crimes , '' says Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) . 
When they found it last winter , Dr. Vogelstein was dubious that the search was over . 
Increasing personal spending and capital investment are fueling growth , the company said . 
He said IBM has not only hurt its short-term revenue outlook but has also been losing money on its leases . 
`` I 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities . '' 
But yesterday , the heavy trading action eventually consumed not only Messrs. Jacobson and Bates but four other Jacobson partners , all doing their specialist-firm job of tugging buyers and sellers together and adjusting prices to accommodate the market . 
Earnings of female workers were unchanged . 
At the Stick , while the world shook , I thought of that morning and then it struck me that this time was different . 
But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages . 
It said the reduced dividend reflects the low price for precious metals . 
To push the pound even lower trying to cure the trade deficit , a policy Britain has repeatedly proved disastrous . 
Yields on savings-type certificates of deposit dropped slightly in the week ended yesterday . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it completed its purchase of Urban Telephone Corp. , of Clintonville , Wis. , the second-largest unaffiliated independent telephone company in that state . 
Last week , housing lobbies persuaded Congress to raise the ceiling to $ 124,875 , making FHA loans more accessible to the well-to-do . 
Con men hate snow . 
Bard\/EMS had 1988 sales of about $ 14 million , Birtcher said . 
But yesterday , as Atlantis rumbled into a patch of clear sky above Florida with storm clouds closing in on it , NASA sought to turn Galileo into a symbol of triumph . 
In the past year , both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses . 
Nobody has any credible estimate . 
The topic that attracted participants ' attention was Mitsubishi Estate 's purchase of 51 % of Rockefeller Center Properties , announced late Monday in New York . 
Like the others , it is loaded with rye , wheat and oats in sacks labeled `` Asbestos . Made in U.S.S.R . '' 
Failure of U.S. equipment makers , IBM fears , would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market . 
The new commissioner says that closer scrutiny of how the agency uses its resources will go a long way toward enhancing its ability to collect more tax revenue . 
`` I 've read Balzac , '' he answers critics . 
`` It 's madness -- that in an hour you can whack off so much value , '' says Stanford Calderwood , chairman of Trinity Investment Management Corp. , Boston . 
The two executives are among a number of outsiders recruited by Reebok in the past few years to help it make the transition from a small start-up company to a marketing giant with sales last year of $ 1.79 billion . 
My language sure goes to pot down here on the coast . '' 
Abortion foes in Wisconsin , meanwhile , expect a parental-consent bill to be sent to the state assembly floor by early November and are hopeful of prevailing in both houses by next March . 
He remains chairman , but wields little power at the company . 
The $ 1.68 billion thrift was declared insolvent and closed in December 1986 . 
The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others were from industry and academia . 
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords . 
Mr. Womack , 53 years old , has been with the big producer of household products , food and pharmaceuticals for 30 years . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
At the weatherbeaten Pompano Beach municipal stadium , Mr. Blair , the 45-year-old former Oriole , knows his power is n't what it used to be . 
The Dow Jones industrials sank 26.23 points , to 2662.91 . 
Following a tripling of earnings , to $ 3.9 million , on a doubling of revenue , to $ 116 million , over four years , earnings in the company 's fiscal first quarter , which ended June 30 , plunged 90 % to $ 45,000 . 
In addition , the White House said that Charles Harper , chairman of ConAgra Inc. , and John McGillicuddy , chairman of Manufacturers Hanover Corp. , will be among a group of at least 15 business and labor representatives in the presidential mission . 
The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , where Jaguar has headquarters , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries . 
IMELDA MARCOS asks for dismissal , says she was kidnapped . 
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S. . 
Guarantee by Credit Lyonnais . 
The NBC network canceled its first new series of the fall TV season , killing Mel Brooks 's wacky hotel comedy `` The Nutt House . '' 
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins . 
We sell direct ! '' 
`` A situation like San Francisco is so frightening because there 's no warning . 
At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to 
Asked how he made charitable gifts of $ 26,350 out of reported two-year income of $ 46,892 , Thomas H. McFall of Bryan , Texas , told the Tax Court he had understated his income . 
I 'm enjoying my life and who I am today . 
Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 6.2 million from a plant closing . 
DISASTER STATES are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery . 
Mr. Staley replied : `` Legislation tends to be compromised . 
Medieval philosophers used to hold the sensible belief that it was more perfect to exist than not to exist , and that to exist as a matter of necessity was most perfect of all . 
Sources said a `` complex and detailed '' announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar `` some time in the next 2 1\/2 weeks . 
It never hurt anyone , that is , unless the growth funds do n't grow when you need them to . 
And although Warner has said it wanted the producers to fulfill the terms of their contract , the producers said in sworn court declarations that they did n't believe the relationship could be repaired after the acrimony of the legal battle . 
Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office in Philadelphia , and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days . 
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
That 's led industry executives to speculate that future product development will be driven more by technological innovation than by fashion whims -- especially among mass-market brands . 
The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services . 
This is the same production already seen in Paris and Florence , and its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo and Teresa Stratas . 
Also , the high price of San Francisco real estate puts the state at odds with federal regulations more attuned to the national average . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans . 
In the year-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share . 
Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 1.11 billion , or 87 cents a share , from $ 1.22 billion , or 93 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % . 
The company said it has agreed to sell the extrusion division for $ 15 million to R.D. Werner Co. , a closely held firm based in Greenville , Pa . 
The index is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the 2.5 % pace `` good , solid growth , '' although he said he expects the expansion to slow in the fourth quarter . 
`` Margins will remain under pressure , and when the new mainframe does ship , I 'm not sure it will be a big winner . 
In addition , Revco 's 1,900 stores in 27 states represent a lot of real estate , he said , and demographics are helping pharmacies : The nation 's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs . 
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children . 
Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher called the worsening trade figures `` disappointing after two very good months . '' 
Harold Jones , Lincoln 's chief retail banking officer , said there has n't yet been `` a discernible response , '' although the ad included a coupon that could arrive later in the week . 
He cut her hair . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rusty pipes called plumbing , rodents and cockroaches everywhere and nonworking elevators -- and with the building patrolled by gangs and drug dealers . 
Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges . 
The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in Japan in the past few days , that the drop in New York was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. . 
In describing that business in general , he says that when the client ca n't repay the loan , some machikin `` clutch on like hyenas '' and even take over the client 's company . 
Japanese department stores are also wary of attracting negative publicity . 
Yesterday , just a day after Mr. Roman announced he would leave to take a top post at American Express , WPP said Mr. Berry would return to take an international role at the parent company . 
In January , two small New York galleries , the Coe Kerr Gallery and Beadleston Fine Arts , snatched a major art collection owned by the Askin family away from rival auction-house bidders with an up-front payment of about $ 25 million . 
Though the Cubs ' championship season ended with the National League playoffs , a revival of the Organic Theater 's production of `` Bleacher Bums , '' a play in nine innings set in the Wrigley Field bleachers , continues within spitting distance of the ballpark . 
Amstrad PLC , a British maker of computer hardware and communications equipment , posted a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
In West Germany and the Netherlands , insurers are flirting with banks . 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada . 
Houston attorney Dale Friend , representing a plaintiff in a damage suit , says he has negotiated a settlement that will strike a blow for his client . 
University of South Carolina 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Sometimes Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do little more than grab the first draft of a screenplay for a `` Flashdance , '' or buy rights to a best seller such as `` The Color Purple . '' 
Presidio said the properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana . 
This may help explain why small businesses create 65 % of all jobs nationally , but only 22 % of jobs in a crime-ridden city like New York . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 . 
Factory output dropped 0.2 % , its first decline since February , after having been unchanged in October . 
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them . 
By late last night , Globe Managing Editor Thomas Mulvoy , bending to the will of his troops , scrapped the new drawings . 
As publisher of a magazine devoted to movies as guideposts for fashion and other fantasies , Ms. Volokh sees her party-giving as an important part of business . 
I expected him to say , `` I told you so , '' but he already was snoring . 
Still others are stung by a desire to do both well and good , says Douglas Watson , commanding officer of the Los Angeles Police Department 's bunko-forgery division . 
I welcome the emphasis that is now being put on the drug problem . 
Analysts were n't willing to speculate on how much money Carnival might lose through deposits . 
During the past 10 years , Hong Kong 's economic growth has averaged 8.3 % annually . 
On the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , share prices closed higher in fairly thin trading , as selective buying by foreigners helped propel prices . 
His recommendation was rejected by the government . 
Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started . 
For the nine months , net -- including profit from discontinued operations both years and in 1988 an extraordinary charge of $ 17.7 million related to settlement of a lawsuit -- was $ 170.6 million , or $ 4.54 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 161.3 million , or $ 4.32 a share , a year ago . 
The bank projects Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders in 1990 , up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year and the 20.9 guilders reported for 1988 . 
According to my calculations , these outlays should have brought the value of my sedan to more than $ 22,000 on the open market ( Figure 6 ) , where I plan to offer it shortly . 
Nashua strengthened its poison-pill plan after announcing a Dutch firm is seeking to buy up to 25 % of the New Hampshire copier company . 
The garage owners say they would benefit because car owners would be less likely to go back to dealers for the simpler repairs after two years . 
The researchers said they have isolated a plant gene that prevents the production of pollen . 
Typically , the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt . 
Many Arizona real-estate experts think the worst may be yet to come . 
Measures already in effect that are expected to be made law include a ban on military sales and exchanges , a suspension of most high-level government contacts and a halt to U.S. trade enhancement programs , such as the Overseas Private Investment Corp. and the Trade Development Program . 
Treasury Securities 
That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago , but Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August and September . 
The project has been in and out of the pipeline for more than a decade . 
Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money , an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- which understate the spending the Pentagon has committed itself to by almost $ 100 billion . 
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
The health-maintenance concern said it reached the agreement with its court-appointed creditors ' committees Sept. 28 , and intends to submit the plan to the bankruptcy court in November . 
`` The Thief and the Dogs , '' written in 1961 , is a taut , psychological drama , reminiscent of `` Crime and Punishment . '' 
$ 200 million of 8.85 % certificates backed by automobile loans priced to yield 8.99 % via First Boston Corp . 
But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million . 
Mr. Merksamer is leading the buy-out . 
So when American Brands Inc. decided to sell the unit in 1987 as part of a divestiture of its food and security industries operations , Mr. Wathen saw a chance to accomplish several objectives . 
`` The market was pretty dull '' for most of the day , said Robert H. Chandross , vice president at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , `` I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
The state began such work after a 1971 tremblor in Southern California , when numerous bridges collapsed . 
What is wrong with expecting the Japanese to conform to American norms when they locate here ? 
Of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are riskier in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals . 
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
NESB is also the parent of Omnibank . 
This year he bought two stores , one in Brooklyn and one in Queens . 
`` I do n't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price . '' 
Mr. Decker is about 45 years old . 
Britain 's House of Commons passed a law that will force English soccer fans to carry identity cards to enter stadiums . 
Omni Capital Group surged 1 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 . 
There are seemingly endless twists to universal life , and it pays to ask questions about all of them . 
Under current law , it is not financially rational to forgo consumption . 
These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 . 
An investment group led by Chicago 's Pritzker family recently lowered a $ 3.35 billion bid for American Medical International , Beverly Hills , Calif. , because of the threat of the legislation . 
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English . 
`` The reason is that the technology is such that we 're not able to retrofit multi-column structures , '' he said . 
Clarcor , a maker of packaging and filtration products , said the two companies could n't agree on terms of a definitive agreement . 
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far . 
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio . 
He was convicted of charging interest rates much higher than what the law permitted , and attempting to evade income taxes by using a double accounting system . 
An ebullient Kenneth Iverson , Nucor 's chairman , says the company 's plant eventually will make a ton of steel in 1.5 man hours , compared with four to six man hours at a conventional mill . 
The only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is : ` Pay me in 60 days . ' '' 
In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels . 
The machinists also asked for an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission into possible securities-law violations in the original bid for UAL by Mr. Davis , as well as in the response by UAL . 
But Mr. Roman flatly denied the speculation , saying Mr. Sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay , offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine ( The wine , naturally , was Seagram 's brand , an Ogilvy client ) . 
In patched pants and torn shoes , he stands in his barnyard eyeing the ground with a look both helpless and sardonic . 
U.S. producers had a $ 2.15 billion backlog of unfilled orders at the end of September . 
Where non-violent civil disobedience is the centerpiece , rather than a lawful demonstration that may only attract crime , it is difficult to justify . 
Aftershocks could intervene . 
A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 17 billion State , Justice and Commerce Department bill that makes federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement after next Oct. 1 . 
The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops . 
Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early . 
Major injuries were n't reported at Candlestick Park , where the third game of baseball 's World Series was canceled and fans evacuated from the stadium . 
Some experts now predict Anheuser 's entry into the fray means near-term earnings trouble for all the industry players . 
`` It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , '' an SBA official says . 
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . 
It is no coincidence that from 1844 to 1914 , when the Bank of England was an independent private bank , the pound was never devalued and payment of gold for pound notes was never suspended , but with the subsequent nationalization of the Bank of England , the pound was devalued with increasing frequency and its use as an international medium of exchange declined . 
A shareholder filed suit , seeking to block Unitel Video Inc. 's proposed plan to be acquired by a new affiliate of closely held Kenmare Capital Corp. for $ 15 a share , or $ 33.6 million . 
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million . 
But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange rose to 198.1 million shares from 166.9 million Wednesday . 
The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations . 
Succeeding Mr. Whittington as deputy chairman of the group is Anthony Richmond-Watson , 43 , currently a main board member . 
Shareholders are scheduled to vote on the transaction Nov . 
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement . 
It happened four days after he was sentenced to life in prison for ordering a 1979 murder . 
Britain 's latest trade figures contained some positive news for the economy , such as a surge in the volume of exports , which were 8.5 % higher than a year earlier . 
Show it 's business as usual . '' 
Urging LIN directors to conduct `` a fair auction on a level playing field , '' McCaw asked how well the public interest would be served `` with the Bell operating companies controlling over 94 % of all cellular { potential customers } in the nation 's top 10 markets . 
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located . 
He is estimating this week 's disaster will generate insured losses of $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion , following about $ 4 billion in costs to insurers from Hurricane Hugo . 
Donald Trump , who faced rising doubt about his bid for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. even before a United Airlines buy-out came apart Friday , withdrew his $ 7.54 billion offer . 
The $ 12 million lavished on the Rubens , for example , was a record price for the artist and maybe twice its value , given a dispute among scholars about its provenance . 
Mr. Busch says there is a scientific explanation for all haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits . 
Revenue rose 77 % to $ 72.6 million , from last year 's $ 41 million . 
`` If they slip for 10 cents for 10 minutes , I 'll stop , '' he says . 
That means huge travel bills . 
`` The intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly { Maidenform } is a force to be reckoned with , '' says David S. Leibowitz , a special situations analyst at American Securities Corp. in New York . 
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill . 
Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll . 
Corporate Issues 
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , initial offering of three million shares of its common stock , of which 1,657,736 shares will be sold by the company and 1,342,264 will be sold by holders , via Montgomery Securities and Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
B.A.T shares rose 29 pence to 783 pence on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume , cosmetics , household chemicals and sand candles . 
Humana Inc. , Louisville , Ky. , also reported favorable results , with net income of $ 66.7 million , or 66 cents , in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 58.2 million , or 59 cents , a year earlier . 
Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip , and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property . 
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $ 305 million from $ 274 million last year . 
And when he ran unsuccessfully for a state appellate court seat in 1983 , the Pennsylvania Bar Association rated him `` one of the best available , '' after interviewing local lawyers . 
Mr. de la Bouillaire says Warner Brothers production president Mark Canton called him Oct. 19 and said Mr. Peters is `` off the picture . 
One might well ask : Why bother with this drug at all ? 
Mortgage securities generally ended 6\/32 to 9\/32 point higher , but lagged gains in the Treasury market because of a shift in the shape of the Treasury yield curve and rumored mortgage sales by thrifts . 
NASA defended itself vigorously and successfully against a Rifkin suit to block the Galileo launch . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the group said it sold 1,325,900 Anacomp common shares from Aug. 31 to last Wednesday for $ 4.48 to $ 5.84 a share , resulting in a drop in its holdings to 1,351,662 shares . 
What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . '' 
`` If you create a wonderment , if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it , then they 'll come , '' he says . 
The companies will retain their current regular quarterly dividend of 25 cents during the sale process , Mr. Rothman said . 
Sam Ramirez and his men are late . 
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years . 
Mr. Daremblum is a lawyer and a columnist for La Nacion newspaper . 
All but eight of the 850 branches , which had some structural damage , reopened yesterday for business . 
In Britain , those interests include the Beefeater steakhouse chain and joint ownership with PepsiCo Inc. of the country 's Pizza Hut chain . 
But the production is the equal of any local program . 
AMONG THE CATFISH farmers in the watery delta land of Humphreys County , Miss. , Allen D. Tharp of Isola was one of the best known and most enterprising . 
Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene to a screeching halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands about imminent new-business presentations . 
ABC has four shows in the top 10 , including the top show , `` Roseanne . 
Revenue was $ 778.6 million . 
If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins , as some suggest she will , his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor . 
It said Qintex Entertainment owes Qintex Australia US$ 38.1 million in loans not secured by specific assets . 
Much of the moderation came from declining energy prices , which have since turned up a bit , analysts said . 
As stocks and stock-index futures fell , a trading limit was hit in the S&P 500 stock futures pit . 
Volume totaled 173.5 million shares , 30 % above this year 's average daily turnover on Nasdaq . 
Those massive structures , while posing cost and environmental headaches , effectively locked out all but deep-pocketed giants from steelmaking . 
`` The fundamentals do n't change in an hour , '' he says . 
Already `` it 's hard to get people . 
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings . 
David Shaffer was named to the new post of executive vice president of the Maxwell Macmillan group of this communications giant . 
President Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which countered higher earnings from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation . 
Beijing 's periodic clampdowns on imports have taught many trading companies that the best way to get through the drought is by helping China export . 
Last year , Dentsu 's foreign business accounted for less than 10 % of total billings , but the company is aiming at 20 % in the near future . 
Credit Agricole asked a Milan court to sequester the Nuovo Banco shares , the Italian news agency ANSA reported . 
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors . 
( Players have to be 35 or older , except for catchers , who are eligible at 32 because life behind the plate is so rough . ) 
The merchandise trade deficit widened in August to $ 10.77 billion , the Commerce Department reported , a sharp deterioration from July 's $ 8.24 billion and the largest deficit of any month this year . 
But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote . 
Serious injuries or damages were n't reported . 
He declined to make a specific earnings estimate . 
Indeed , at least four other West German banks are believed to be making inquiries . 
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . 
Cilcorp said the businesses to be acquired had revenue of $ 76 million for the year ended March 31 . 
Most people said they exercise both for health and enjoyment . 
The resort will include the MGM Grand Hotel , a multi-spired , castle-like facility that will include 5,000 rooms and 85,000 square feet of casino space . 
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker . 
The quarter net was below analyst expectations mainly because truck-parts sales did n't rebound in September from the summer doldrums as they usually do , said Patrick E. Sheridan , analyst with McDonald & Co . 
The baskets on the Big Board and CBOE -- which involve the actual S&P stocks , unlike the stock-index contracts currently traded on the Chicago futures markets , and index options on the CBOE -- will begin trading as critics step up their attacks on program trading and its contributions to the stock market 's wild price swings . 
At the end of it all , the Dow Jones Industrial Average closed down 3.69 to 2659.22 . 
Tokyo stocks closed easier , posting their first loss in six trading days , partly because of programmed index-linked selling by trust investment funds in the afternoon session . 
He said that the research team had no financial stake in the drug . 
Mr. Broberg , who started with the now-defunct Washington Senators , says that when he left baseball in 1978 , he `` never looked back . '' 
Sears officials insist they do n't intend to abandon the everyday pricing approach in the face of the poor results . 
For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully , the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes . 
At least half that growth will have come in the past three years alone . 
A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to , without having to answer to the public . 
The New York Times Co. said it reached a settlement with independent home delivery dealers in the metropolitan New York area that will free the newspaper to expand home delivery circulation . 
Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , `` His policies went beyond his control and resulted ... in riots and disturbances '' and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience `` resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment . '' 
Rainbow 's stock dropped 2 to 14 1\/4 . 
Extraordinary general meetings , to be held Nov. 28 , will decide the share exchange ratio . 
From Asia , he has mink jackets with floral patterns made by using different colored furs . 
December corn futures added 2.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 2.4225 a bushel on the Board of Trade . 
L.J. Hooker Corp. is expected to reach an agreement in principle this week to sell Merksamer Jewelers Inc. to management , say executives familiar with the talks . 
The sale of the system has been challenged in a class-action suit on behalf of unit holders filed last week in a Delaware court , USACafes said . 
So what 's the best way to buy stocks ? 
But Mr. Warren says the woman has `` psychic burns '' on her back from the confrontation . 
Twelve hundred miles away , rangers at a Napa County , Calif. , state park are among the many who do n't quite share the enthusiasm . 
West Virginia Parkways Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via a PaineWebber group . 
A consumer poll conducted in early September by Leo J. Shapiro & Associates , a market researcher based in Chicago , also suggests a modest holiday . 
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing . 
It did n't specify the nature of the differences , saying only that they related to `` management style '' and `` strategic objectives . '' 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably . 
But he said he is prepared to testify that executives of Lincoln and its parent corporation got unusually high salaries and frequent calls directing them to make specific contributions . 
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead . 
Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares . 
Robertson , Stephens & Co. , a San Francisco investment banking concern , has a client that looked forward to making its initial public offering yesterday . 
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , said phone volume was more than double its typical level , but still half that of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
We see an even stronger argument against UNESCO than its unsurprising failure to reform . 
He has put some of his aesthetic ideas into practice with his design of the four-star Quilted Giraffe restaurant -- `` architecturally impeccable , '' Progressive Architecture magazine called it -- and his remodeling of Paul Stuart , the Madison Avenue clothing store . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one-year waiting list for the car . 
In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons . 
He says , `` Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda and everyone who had ever met or talked to Dian Fossey . 
`` On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget . 
Fujitsu Ltd. said it wants to withdraw its controversial one-yen bid to design a waterworks computer system for the city of Hiroshima . 
South Carolina deserves an A for its quick and timely relief efforts . 
Mr. Achenbaum helped Morgan in its recent agency search , and he has a long relationship with Hyundai , which is having severe troubles , including declining sales . 
Nearly seven of 10 investors think companies reinvest `` too little '' of their profits in the business . 
Japanese domestic motor-vehicle sales rose 12 % in September , the Japan Automobile Dealers ' Association said earlier this month . 
More important , the CD was purchased on the secondary , or resale , market . 
Short interest increased 6 % in the Nasdaq over-the-counter market for the month ended Oct. 13 . 
The deficit was 466 billion lire in August . 
As orders for its aircraft and submarine parts dwindled , three years of steady growth ended with a 69 % drop in income in this year 's first half . 
Debt-Burdened Doctors Seek Financial Security 
While some say the auction should proceed smoothly , others contend that yesterday 's sale of $ 2.58 billion of asset-backed securities by Ford Motor Credit Corp. may have siphoned some potential institutional buyers from the government 's note sale . 
Despite the narrowing of the monthly trade gap , economists expect the current account deficit for all of 1989 to swell to about # 20 billion from # 14.6 billion in 1988 . 
He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to , such as Lever Brothers , American Express and Seagram . 
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services . 
He reaped inflation along with rapid growth , no doubt validating Sir Alan 's predictions in the Prime Minister 's mind . 
The financial services company emerged from the restructuring of Kaufman & Broad , Inc. , which spun off its home-building subsidiary into Kaufman & Broad Home Corp. earlier this year and changed its name to Broad Inc . 
Protective barriers will start coming down within the insurance industry next summer , when big industrial companies will be able to buy insurance from carriers in any other EC country for the first time . 
`` But the tunnel 's just gotten longer . '' 
Bigger rivals , such as Aetna and Allianz , backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches , operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates , brokers say . 
The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence . 
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said . 
Instead of focusing on the financial future , Mr. Dinkins has sold himself as a unifier for a city recently touched by racial violence and as a soothing antidote to 12 years of commotion generated by Mayor Koch . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
The Swedish publishing company Bonniers owns 51 % of Are Paev , and the Estonian management company Minor owns 49 % . 
Shelly Hancock , a male county court judge in Houston , refused to let a woman plead guilty to a drunk-driving charge because her skirt stopped three inches above her knees . 
In East Germany , where humor has long been the only way to express political criticism , they 're not laughing about their new leader Egon Krenz . 
`` We do not intend to hide these costs from the American people . '' 
The plane failed to reach Molokai 's airport Saturday while on a flight from the neighboring island of Maui . 
Ameritech 
While the market kept careful tabs on Wall Street 's gyrations , it shrugged off a modest downturn in equities to bid the dollar well above the day 's lows . 
In fact , they seemed a mite resentful . 
Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders . 
They say they now get three or four `` legitimate '' calls a week from people harried by haunts . 
Hospitals companies , meanwhile , are reporting improved earnings . 
The group did n't make a formal offer , but instead told UAL 's advisers before the most-recent board meeting that it was working on a bid valued at between $ 225 and $ 240 a share . 
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
That was his reward for working until 11 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 3,000 a month rent . 
But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another `` one-day phenomenon . '' 
`` I 'm pretty confident I 'm catching everything , '' he says . 
Eighteen people pack the house 's two rooms -- the Chans , four of their 10 children with spouses , and eight of 22 grandchildren . 
However , non-interest income rose to $ 23.5 million from $ 22 million . 
At the hearing , Rep. Oakar started wailing about `` phoney baloney regulations '' that would stand between her and `` housing for downtown Cleveland . '' 
He allegedly entered into Panama 's first formal business arrangement with Colombian drug bosses , according to Floyd Carlton , a pilot who once worked for Mr. Noriega and who testified before the U.S. grand jury in Miami that would ultimately indict the Panamanian on drug charges . 
CONSOLIDATED FREIGHTWAYS INC. , Menlo Park , trucking company , $ 2.69 billion in annual sales , NYSE , had structural damage to CF Motor Freight subsidiary 's office in Palo Alto , no damage in Menlo Park . 
He adds : `` I think this is a great strategic move for Quebecor . 
It was Revco 's huge debt from its $ 1.3 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 that forced it to seek protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix . 
Many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding , which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion . 
It includes removing $ 242 million in good will from the books , issuing $ 150 million in preferred stock and commencing an exchange offer for $ 52 million in convertible bonds . 
But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets . 
It has some of the highest costs in the league . 
It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . 
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
So there is reason to believe that Michael 's hopes for a bacteria-free , long-shelf-life egg were n't all hype . 
For a cloture vote to stop the filibuster , Republicans must muster at least 60 votes . 
So you get an idea of the leverage there and elsewhere that our market for drugs has brought about . 
But Mr. Clough says , `` The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue . '' 
And when they lose , then we can expect China to stop aid . 
But David Lord , managing editor of Consultants News , an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue . 
No wonder all kinds of big-time scams have flourished here , from phony tax-sheltered Bible sales to crooked car dealers to bogus penny-stock traders . 
AT&T said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada and France 's Alcatel N.V. , which also have announced Sonet-based products . 
The troubled Minneapolis-based railroad concern said the committee has the authority to hire financial and legal advisers to assist it . 
Analysts are estimating third-quarter earnings will drop between 13 % and 20 % to about 50 to 55 cents per share , compared with 63 cents per share in the year-ago quarter . 
The transaction called for Mr. Murdoch 's News International PLC , a unit of Australia-based News Corp. , to subscribe to a rights issue by Zeta valued at 6.65 billion pesetas ( $ 57 million ) . 
Because the law made compliance voluntary , it inspired little more than jokes . 
Western Digital Corp. reported a net loss of $ 2.7 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 , citing factors as varied as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar . 
`` It can backfire because companies can step across the line and go too far , be too pushy , '' agrees Gary Stibel , a principal with New England Consulting Group , Westport , Conn . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
The ARCO plan takes into account such details as which aspects of business are busier at certain times of the year . 
( Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. vs. LTV Corp . 
UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary . 
The new bonds will be dated Oct. 30 and mature Oct. 15 , 2019 . 
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 . 
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells . 
Manville , having rid itself of asbestos , now sells fiberglass , forest products , minerals and industrial goods . 
Mr. Miller notes that actor Paul Newman 's family owned a sporting-goods store in Cleveland , that the late actress Margaret Hamilton , who played the bad witch in `` The Wizard Of Oz , '' once ran a nursery school in Cleveland and that comedian Bob Hope 's father , a stonemason , once worked on a church next to Severence Hall , Cleveland 's main concert hall . 
Leading the assault against the Egg King has been United Egg Producers . 
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 . 
`` A lot of this is going to be code-related , '' says Ignazio J. Ruvolo , a construction law specialist at Bronson , Bronson & McKinnon , a San Francisco law firm . 
`` Day orders '' expire at the end of the day on which they are entered , `` good-till-canceled orders '' have no expiration date . 
Then we began to file out , to wait safely on terra firma for the opening pitch . 
It is the very lack of obvious drama or spectacle that sets the beauty of our land apart . 
Some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- what it 's like to invest during a recession . 
Separately , attorneys for the 42 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets . 
By yesterday 's close of trading , it was good for a paltry $ 43.5 million . 
At a meeting in Malaysia , Australia and Canada also assailed the British prime minister for criticizing the 49-nation group 's call for Pretoria to ease apartheid . 
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering . 
Mr. Phelan said that his predicting continued volatility is just `` how the world is . 
`` Someone always makes you quit , '' says legendary St. Louis Cardinals centerfielder Curt Flood , the league 's commissioner . 
About 70,000 people attended the anti-government rally , at which leaders of the banned African National Congress refused to renounce violence to end apartheid . 
But because of the uncertainty of the outcome of the suit , Mr. Conner 's team has done little to begin gearing up to defend its title . 
The company also reported slower growth in another important business : systems that use the Unix operating system . 
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment . 
Apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $ 2 bid . 
Essentially , the critics of stock-index futures fall into two camps . 
The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills on May 3 , 1990 . 
Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm . 
Some can be bought off relatively cheaply . 
Last summer , he chucked his 10-year career as a London stockbroker and headed for the mountains . 
The interviews took place two years ago . 
Independent estimates of output in those industries , including one by the Department of Labor for banking , suggests that productivity in finance and services appears to have risen by an average of at least 1.5 % a year between 1948 and 1988 . 
NASA said General Dynamics will launch CRRES using an Atlas 1 rocket . 
But only four days after that , Mr. Bush resurrected the veto threat . 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . 
`` Spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , '' says Michael Bellas , president of Beverage Marketing Corp. , a research and consulting firm . 
Pulp and paper performance depends on cost and price variables , the company said . 
BankAmerica 's profit jumped 34 % in the third quarter . 
The expected Canadian move has been welcomed by the Bush administration even though Canada has opposed such U.S. actions as the trade embargo against Cuba , the invasion of Grenada and the military support for Nicaragua 's Contra guerrillas . 
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst . 
The Canadian government previously said Merieux 's bid did n't offer enough `` net benefit '' to Canada to be approved , and gave Merieux an until mid-November to submit additional information . 
The new offer assumes just five years of 5.5 % rate increases , to be followed by state-approved increases under the usual hearing procedure . 
Last year 's appeals court decision , for instance , spawned several suits , reportedly including a recent action by the heirs of singer Bobby Darin against McDonald 's Corp. over its `` Mac Tonight '' TV commercials , a rough parody of Mr. Darin 's `` Mack the Knife '' trademark . 
A Merc spokesman said the plan has n't made much difference in liquidity in the pit . 
Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start . 
U.S. and Soviet officials hailed the joint project as a new indication of the further thaw in U.S.-Soviet relations . 
A company spokesman said he could n't explain their sudden bullishness . 
Volume continued to ease from the active dealings at the start of the week . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own . 
Capital goods orders outside of the defense sector tumbled for the second month in a row , posting a 5.6 % drop after a 10.3 % decline . 
One bank stock was a winner . 
`` I agree , it 's ridiculous , '' says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action . 
Their recovery came surprisingly fast , and always with the help of neighbors . 
Total magazine ad revenue for the same period increased 12 % to $ 4.6 billion . 
Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted . 
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . '' 
Many small investors are facing a double whammy this year : They got hurt by investing in the highly risky junk bond market , and the pain is worse because they did it with borrowed money . 
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month . 
Imprisoned by the Nazis during World War II for his political beliefs , Mr. Honecker typified the postwar generation of committed Communist leaders in Eastern Europe who took their cues from Moscow . 
Frank Carlucci III was named to this telecommunications company 's board , filling the vacancy created by the death of William Sobey last May . 
And he nearly always bought and sold for cash . 
Fannie Mae makes a secondary market in home loans . 
Revenue rose 8.1 % , to $ 23.65 billion from $ 21.88 billion . 
`` The pro-choice movement has shown -- finally -- that it can mobilize , '' says Glen Halva-Neubauer , a Furman University political scientist who specializes in how state legislators handle the abortion question . 
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level . 
When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million . 
The companies in question believe the analysts are too pessimistic . 
It will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 101 connections . 
By providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by holding out the promise of more consumer goods , Mr. Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party . 
They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel . 
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis . 
Over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 80 magazines annually , according to Donald Kummerfeld , president of the Magazine Publishers of America . 
Today 20 million of the 25 million Americans using contact lenses are using the soft type . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the majority holder of Manville acknowledged that the cash portion of its initial funding of $ 765 million will be depleted next year , and that alternative sources of funds will be necessary to meet its obligations . 
What he had demonstrated , he added , is that there 's more to chess than sheer calculation . 
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity ( Pacific ) Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares . 
But the plane boasts a strong core of support in the House , where members are intent on saving Grumman jobs and are worried about potential shortages of carrier-based aircraft by the late 1990s . 
In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share . 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was up 3\/8 at 98 3\/8 bid to yield about 7.32 % , down 0.03 percentage point . 
Altogether , employment is expected to decline to less than 16,000 from the current level of about 18,000 . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had n't affected its computers or the computers of other government agencies because they had modified their systems to reject worms . 
`` The Famous Teddy Z , '' which CBS Inc. had hoped would emerge as one of the few bright spots in its otherwise lackluster prime-time schedule , is n't turning out to be the hit the network envisaged . 
The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 . 
The plan calls for Cray Research holders to receive one share in the new company for every two shares held . 
`` That is consumer issues . '' 
We have been persuaded by the constitutional argument for the inherent line-item veto since 1987 , when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page . 
Adding to Mr. Paul 's problems , dealers ( some with vested interests ) insist that he , relying rather too heavily on Sotheby 's advice , paid much too much for several pieces in the CenTrust collection . 
The company has filed an internal reorganization plan it valued at $ 2.2 billion that would require 5.5 % rate increases . 
DHAWK : 
It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
A company spokesman said the Veslefrikk field 's gross reserves were estimated in 1987 at 229 million barrels . 
Six partners in the Richmond , Va. , firm of Browder , Russell , Morris & Butcher announced they are resigning . 
Mr. Skase also said the restructuring plan calls for the merger of Qintex Australia with Qintex Ltd. , which owns 55 % of Qintex Australia . 
But , `` You never can tell , '' he added , `` you have to take advantage of opportunities . 
Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , `` We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody . '' 
Not all the scandal-tripped have enjoyed soft landings . 
The Federal Reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other variables , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy . 
This defensible commercial zone becomes , for the residents , a secure oasis in a barren urban landscape , evidence that community decay is not inevitable and that the gangs are not invincible . 
He was finally given leave when he was arrested for allegedly buying crack . 
They will have to throw their hat in the ring . '' 
The Tokyo camera maker said net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen , or 16.08 a share , from 2.63 billion yen , or 7.24 yen a share . 
Many industry analysts had been projecting a 3 % decline in placements for the quarter . 
Today , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year notes . 
Gargantuan sections of a double-decker freeway have been heaved about like plastic building blocks . 
H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million , or $ 1.90 a share , in the fiscal year ended April 30 . 
One of its wells , in southwestern Oklahoma , is a `` rank wildcat , '' a risky well where oil previously has n't been found . 
It 's one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends . 
Mr. Darman 's inclination to save the sequester was backed up yesterday by White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater : 
A June 1988 article in Mother Jones magazine is typical of the general level of media ignorance . 
The article is , unfortunately , replete with outrageous distortions . 
As the trial progressed , they were eager to know if the jury was keeping up with them . 
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves . 
Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million . 
But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said . 
Gov. George Deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation . 
In recent months , researchers have come to believe the two types of cancer genes work in concert : An oncogene may turn proliferating cells malignant only after the tumor-suppressor gene has been damaged . 
Confectionery products sales also had strong growth in the quarter . 
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized . 
`` It would now be physically impossible to begin deliveries in 1992 , '' a Hydro-Quebec official said . 
But several analysts and Japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results . 
`` We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and { Oliver } North do n't work here anymore , '' says one administration official . 
He bangs on the piece of paper in frustration , then turns and walks away . 
Operating profit for world-wide tobacco products rose 10 % to $ 247.6 million . 
Opinions vary about how important the UAL deal was to the market 's health , but analysts generally agree that the market gyrations created as the UAL plan crumbled revealed a fundamental change in investor psychology . 
Sir John has spurned Ford 's advances since the U.S. auto giant launched a surprise bid for as much as 15 % of Jaguar last month . 
The TV units of Paramount and MCA are exploring offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week . 
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms . 
`` That 's just nonsense . '' 
It is quite unfortunate that you failed so miserably in reporting the Hurricane Hugo disaster . 
In the Vermont case , a federal judge ruled that the state 's mandatory age of 70 for appointed judges was illegal ; Vermont 's appeal of that decision is pending before the U.S. Second Circuit Court of Appeals in Manhattan . 
But not Richard Cottrell , a San Francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
After Sony Corp. 's recent headline-grabbing acquisition of Columbia Pictures , many say it makes good political sense to lie low . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 98 basis points above the Treasury 's seven-year note . 
Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern . 
In late New York trading , sterling stood at $ 1.5765 , down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
The department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are presently undetermined , plus penalties . '' 
`` The proper climatic conditions do n't exist in many places in the world . '' 
Ad Notes ... . 
The bleak automotive results were offset by strong earnings from some non-automotive operations . 
In Washington , the Senate voted to condemn Ortega 's threat to cancel the truce , and Bush said he would review U.S. policy toward Managua , including the possibility of renewing military aid to the rebels . 
The company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years . 
Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces . 
But the Unice official said that producing a charter acceptable to both Britain and European industry is n't an unattainable goal . 
Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer . 
At the same time , the Johns Hopkins team and others are rushing to pinpoint other tumor-suppressor genes . 
But the thing it 's supposed to measure -- manufacturing strength -- it missed altogether last month . '' 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down . 
U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , International Business Machines Corp. , Intel Corp. , LSI Logic Corp. , and National Semiconductor Corp . 
This is adapted from a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco . 
Bond prices crept higher . 
Officials of PS of New Hampshire could n't be reached for comment . 
Experts say that whatever a person 's particular weak point , timing is crucial . 
A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket and cap celebrating `` The US 1 Band . '' 
QUANTUM CHEMICAL Corp. 's plant in Morris , Ill. , is expected to resume production in early 1990 . 
Officials said South Korea 's trade surplus with the U.S. for the first nine months of the year totaled $ 3.49 billion , down 43 % from the same period last year on a customs-clearance basis . 
Oppenheimer Capital has about 7.9 million limited partnership units outstanding . 
`` That 's my job -- get { policyholders } what they 're entitled to , '' says Bill Schaeffer , a claims supervisor who flew in from Aetna 's Bridgeport , Conn. , office . 
Both are in great need of foreign exchange , and South Africa is also under pressure to meet foreign loan commitments , he said . 
In trying to raid USAir , Mr. Steinhardt abandoned his usual role as a passive investor , and ran into snags . 
Nearly half of U.S. consumers say they 'll pay up to 5 % more for packaging that can be recycled or is biodegradable , according to a survey commissioned by the Michael Peters Group , a design consultant . 
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares . 
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20-stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher . 
A spokesman for Democratic Sen. Pell of Rhode Island said , however , that the Immigration and Naturalization Service would review the stowaway 's request . 
A section of the Bay Bridge had collapsed , as had a part of Interstate Highway 880 in Oakland . 
Nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in Big Board composite trading . 
`` Two years ago , there was a lot of redemption activity and trouble with people getting through on the phone , '' said Kathryn McGrath , head of the investment management division of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
A series of earthquakes struck northern China , killing at least 29 people , injuring hundreds and razing about 8,000 homes , the Xinhua News Agency said . 
Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb . 
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term . '' 
Step 1 cleans up our books . 
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey this year found that most consumers switch brands for many of the products they use . 
But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year . 
( Mr. Garrison notes , however , that the Garfield tomb is one of the nation 's premier examples of Romanesque architecture . ) 
The association said that lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem facing the airline industry . 
The central bank has been helping , but apparently not especially eagerly . 
`` Psyllium 's not a good crop , '' complains Sooraji Jath , a 26-year-old farmer from the village of Lakshmipura . `` 
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago . 
Mr. Meador had been executive vice president of Balcor . 
Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 2.5 tons and 4.2 tons and will be built at Renault 's Bapilly plant in France and at DAF 's British plant . 
Nevertheless , the device has been successful in other ways . 
Mr. Peters claims he reminded Mr. Ross that Robert Daly and Terry Semel , the top executives of the Warner Brothers studio , had `` repeatedly agreed that we had every right to accept '' an offer such as Sony 's . 
When functioning normally , they make proteins that hold a cell 's growth in check . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 3.10 to 376.36 . 
There are 3.5 million shares of Applied Solar , of which American Cyanamid owns 2.7 million . 
Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million from $ 41 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units . 
The high court 's decision , expected next spring , may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans that have relied on the availability of pension insurance provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency . 
At the core of Mr. Loggia 's Mancuso is his world-weary truculence . 
Peeking Inside Arteries From Outside the Body 
`` There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , '' says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern . 
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 10 % , analysts say . 
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. , a New Zealand brewing and retail concern , said Friday that Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. is `` committed '' to a transaction whereby Lion Nathan would acquire 50 % of Bond 's Australian brewing assets . 
How could he be ? 
It said it expects net to rise to 11 billion yen from 8.22 billion yen . 
Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot and consulting on various projects on a `` daily basis , '' the attorney says . 
MCI Communications added 1 1\/2 to 43 3\/8 . 
Trish Heimers , a spokesperson for RIAA says her organization has n't received a copy of the completed report yet and has no immediate comment . 
Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 . 
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack 's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old . 
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker . 
Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way . 
He says it accounts for 25 % of total sales . 
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation . 
Taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies . 
Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . 
`` Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , '' he said . 
\* Not counting dividends 
The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others . 
And while pursuing these initiatives , Congress and the White House are squeezed too by steady increases -- $ 551 million -- in veteran 's medical care . 
The proprietor of Sante West , an aerobics studio in San Francisco 's Marina district , which was hit hard by the earthquake , says , `` People were going nuts the minute we opened , '' three days after the quake . 
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration . 
The company has said it is prepared to make a bid for all of the shares outstanding of Jaguar if British government restrictions to such a transaction are removed . 
Trinidad Corp. is contesting liability . 
`` Why should you beat your brains out fighting the environmentalists , the neighborhood groups , dealing with traffic mitigation , sewers and fighting city hall , then try to convince a lender to lend you money in an overbuilt market when you can get pension fund money , buy a portfolio , sell off pieces off it and play your own game ? '' says Jack Rodman , managing partner of the Los Angeles office of Kenneth Leventhal Inc. a national accounting firm . 
It 's not that there are n't any bids , but the bids do n't meet the minimum `` reserve '' prices set by the sellers . 
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon . 
Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand . 
Western Gas System Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 common shares , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
The finding riveted medicine . 
Common shareholders would end up owning about 6.4 % of the combined company . 
Ford officials , for example , crowed about their first-ever Tokyo Grand Prix racing victory . 
The transactions are unrelated . 
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices . 
Nissan hopes that that will start to change this fall , with its new version of the Stanza compact sedan . 
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz . 
The Chinese problem is much greater -- it 's how to industrialize to begin with . '' 
The average recession lasts about a year . 
The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community because it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers , especially London , where trading transactions is n't taxed . 
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas . 
Both of these actions are n't characteristic of real Hells Angels , Mr. Christie said . 
Shiseido predicted that sales for the year ending next March 31 will be 318 billion yen , compared with 340.83 billion yen in the year ended Nov. 30 , 1988 . 
The tabloid 's circulation soared to 80,000 , but plunged to under 10,000 when the La Presse strike ended . 
`` We are retaking the instruments of administration , '' says Raul Robles , a Pemex subdirector . 
Former USX Corp. Chairman David M. Roderick may have been lucky he retired last May . 
Parliament is expected to discuss next month whether to change the law . 
A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene , or in whom one copy is damaged early in life , is especially prone to cancer because he need only lose the other copy for a cancer to develop . 
Sony was down 130 to 8,590 . 
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . '' 
The class-action suit highlights shortcomings of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Liability Fund , which gets its money from oil companies using the pipeline and compensates those harmed by oil spills . 
`` Most people think if you slip , you 'll wind up in a body cast . '' 
In practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur . 
Chairman 
Some legislators expressed concern that a gas-tax increase would take too long and possibly damage chances of a major gas-tax-increasing ballot initiative that voters will consider next June . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Gerald E. Wilson , corporate secretary and legal counsel , said the company would n't disclose further details . 
If the output was too great for the domestic market , he said , companies should export . 
Even before Mr. Tonkin 's broadside , some large dealers said they were cutting inventories . 
The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
Many skittish mutual fund investors picked up the phone yesterday , but decided not to cash in their chips after all . 
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Unit volume , or amount of products shipped , rose about 11 % in the international segment , with P&G continuing to win market share in Japan 's diaper and detergent markets . 
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share . 
When they did , his commanders did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads . 
J. Michael Cook , chairman of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells International , said he believes the legal action by the British firm `` to be without merit . '' 
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . 
If whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden , whites should also build it by themselves . 
We do n't think this will affect that . '' 
The franchiser of pharmacies said the added shares will be distributed Dec. 4 to stock of record Nov. 13 . 
But yesterday 's rally among `` good '' junk was a badly needed tonic for the market . 
The Westin staff had , kindly , set out lighted candles in the ballroom , prepared a cold-cuts buffet and passed around pillows and blankets . 
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake . 
Mr. Schwartz , the puckish planner from Englewood , Colo. , says that allowing the business to police itself would be `` like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank . '' 
Senator Daniel Inouye agreed to close some bases in Hawaii in exchange for such goodies as $ 11 million for a parking lot at Walter Reed Hospital . 
`` I 'm sure everybody else is putting pencil to paper , '' said Kathryn McAuley , an analyst with First Manhattan Co . 
Rockefeller may well have found its match in Mitsubishi Estate , a company of long history , strong government ties and sound resources . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion . 
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) even added report language listing $ 49.4 million in projects he wants in the budget next year . 
Also as usual , the products will appeal mostly to heavy users of IBM equipment , at least initially . 
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ? 
Earnings for fiscal 1989 were $ 14.4 million , or 80 cents a share , on sales of $ 257.8 million . 
Still , I figured the event 's envy-quotient back in the U.S.A. was near peerless . 
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . '' 
They have a series with a good character , some interesting , even occasionally surprising plot lines , and they 're ruining it . 
The sharper definition and the autonomy which each will thereby gain will benefit shareholders , customers and employees . '' 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman . 
IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share . 
The number of workers in production sectors will be cut by 488 , to 5,200 by September . 
Magnetic brain tweaking started in the early 1900s , when researchers produced flashes of light in the visual field with magnets . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said . 
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year , particularly in December . 
The government directly owns 51.4 % and Factorex , a financial services company , holds 8.42 % . 
He believes Jaguar 's share price could zoom to between # 8 and # 10 ( $ 12.60 to $ 15.80 ) . 
Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate . 
The scientists have experimented on the tiny neck arteries of rats . 
`` If you invested $ 10,000 in the initial public offering in 1962 , it would be worth well over $ 5 million today , '' says Fredric E. Russell , a Tulsa , Okla. , money manager . 
A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : `` Who did the research for this report ? 
Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk . 
Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors . 
The San Francisco-based telecommunications company said it carries $ 150 million of earthquake insurance with a $ 10 million deductible provision . 
GE 's Kidder Peabody unit said it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , while Merrill Lynch said it was halting such trading entirely . 
Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . 
State engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , wrenched and separated from the double-decker roadbed , that was responsible for the collapse . 
In 1987 , USAir Chairman Edwin Colodny stonewalled when Trans World Airlines Chairman Carl Icahn threatened to take over the carrier . 
The world 's largest fast-food chain said net income rose to $ 217.9 million , or 59 cents a share , from $ 191.3 million , or 51 cents a share , a year ago . 
In August , personal income rose 0.4 % and personal consumption increased 0.9 % . 
So-called cross-border acquisitions totaled $ 23.1 billion in the second quarter , down from $ 33.6 billion a year earlier , according to the accounting firm KPMG Peat Marwick . 
The U.S. administration said its plan would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when the free-trade goals would be achieved . 
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks . 
He says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs ( Treasury Income Growth Receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch . 
Let the president demand strict new ethics rules : With four sitting House members accused of sexual misdeeds , amid the unfolding HUD scandal and after the Wright debacle , `` people are slightly dulled by scandal , '' says political humorist Art Buchwald . 
An investor who may have placed a stop-loss order at $ 90 under a stock that was trading at $ 100 a share on the Friday before the crash was stunned to discover that the order was filled at $ 75 when the stock opened at that price on Monday . 
So what is Santa Fe worth ? 
For now , the union issue is the most nettlesome of Federal 's Tiger problems , management believes . 
Assuming final enactment this month , the prohibition will take effect 96 days later , or in early February . 
Federal wiretap statutes recognize the right of employers to monitor employees ' for evaluation purposes . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Although he called current market conditions `` highly competitive , '' Mr. LaMothe , Kellogg 's chairman and chief executive officer , forecast an earnings increase for the full year . 
Nissan had 29 % of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year . 
But they also make it clear that the first thing a judge will have to decide is which , if any , version of events in this morass is fiction , and which fact . 
It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field . 
Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
This misguided policy could not prevent a British trade deficit . 
The new gritty game became a money maker for Wall Street 's once austere old-name houses . 
Figgie is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern . 
Mr. Hickey added that the stones found in Hong Kong are thought to carry double the U.S. radiation limit , although he noted that double or even triple the U.S. limit is `` still in the range of safe levels . '' 
The difference of just 1.35 points on the scale , designed by Charles Richter of CalTech in the 1930s , means the older quake was `` 10 to 20 times stronger , '' says Lane Johnson , director of the University of California Berkeley Seismographic Station . 
In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors . 
The account had previously been handled by Saatchi & Saatchi Wegener , New York . 
Mips also wants to wedge into markets other than traditional RISC applications such as engineering ; Mips said the new machine will also be used by businesses and for communications . 
`` The market is beginning to disassociate itself from Wall Street , '' said one New York trader . 
`` But Sassy has a different spirit . 
But the man who built it has fallen . 
This , he warned , would prevent these countries from bridging the difference with their richer EC brethren . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , American Home Products rose 75 cents to $ 105 on Friday . 
In an open letter that will run today in the trade journal Automotive News , Ron Tonkin , president of the National Car Dealers Association , says dealers should cut their inventories to no more than half the level traditionally considered desirable . 
In September , Kellogg Co. launched a competing psyllium-fortified cereal called Heartwise . 
Separately , Mr. Brady said he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low . 
The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible . 
Other lawmakers are busy trying to revive the recently lapsed Paperwork Reduction Act , which many feel benefited small enterprises . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners . 
I think these regulations that would prohibit well-operated programs in areas across this country would be wrong to change ... . 
Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an `` order , resolution or vote '' or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto . 
Mr. Stein said some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in September but have been ordering more heavily in October . 
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
GM Class H , which represents a dividend interest in Hughes earnings , closed at $ 29 , up 25 cents in Big Board composite trading . 
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work ( though a touch of the old Tashi still survives ) and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions . 
Pace rose $ 2.625 to close at $ 22.125 a share in national over-the-counter trading . 
$ 248.3 million of securities backed by home-equity loans through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The petition is still pending , but Mr. Fournier downplayed the likelihood of his organizing a takeover bid of his own for the much-larger Paribas . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
Dealers and auction houses `` know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . '' 
`` I 'm now monitoring every major account . '' 
Treasury bonds got off to a strong start , advancing modestly during overnight trading on foreign markets . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
December palladium was off $ 1.55 an ounce at $ 137.20 . 
Ford Motor Co. said it is recalling about 3,600 of its 1990-model Escorts because the windshield adhesive was improperly applied to some cars . 
Ms. Raptopoulos said the settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year . 
Mr. Carver , however , believes the company 's egg product wo n't help the bottom line in the short run , even though it `` makes sense -- it 's more convenient '' and justifies its price , which is higher than shell eggs , because of health and sanitation concerns . 
Kirschner Medical fell 4 to 15 . 
Against the rapid cosmetic overhaul of the Socialist Party the LDP has been paralyzed . 
The solution devised by the professor was to hire six people who would mirror the actual jury demographically , sit in on the trial and report their reactions to him . 
`` I do n't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred , '' Mr. Lowell says . 
First , it had trouble manufacturing a chip for its mainframes , IBM 's bread-and-butter business . 
The assortment of expensive children 's toys that I have purchased wisely at a host of discount-toy brokerage firms ( Figure 4 ) has increased handsomely in total asset value far beyond any personal investment except , perhaps , for my record collection , whose worth , I think it 's safe to say , is incalculable . 
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said . 
The shocks generated nerve impulses that traveled via spine to brain and showed up clearly on a brain-wave monitor , indicating no damage to the delicate spinal tissue . 
A spy was born . 
`` I 'm really wiped out after walking five hours , '' she says . 
Bally Manufacturing Corp. and New York developer Donald Trump have agreed in principle to a $ 6.5 million settlement of shareholder litigation stemming from Bally 's alleged greenmail payment to Mr. Trump . 
London prices closed modestly higher in the year 's thinnest turnover , a condition that underscored a lack of conviction ahead of a U.K. balance of payments report Tuesday . 
Bourbon exporters have succeeded in Japan where other industries have failed , avoiding cultural hitches in marketing and distribution by allying themselves with local agents . 
The nickel producer also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 20 cents and said it may buy back as much as 4.8 % of its common outstanding . 
By 1961 , Mr. Mahfouz 's idealism had vanished or become twisted , as it has in Said . 
For the 11 months ended March 31 , operating profit at the 52-store chain totaled $ 40.5 million on sales of $ 286.8 million . 
Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . 
`` Instead of buying masks for your kids , just cut out the columnists ' pictures ... . 
The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 
With today 's computer-driven program trading techniques , index funds can trade back and forth between stock-index futures and the actual stocks making up indexes such as the S&P 500 . 
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings . 
Some employers initiate referrals , especially if work problems threaten a top manager 's job . 
`` You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof , '' she tells the group . 
Mr. Miles 's newly purchased shares are now worth $ 1,068,000 , based on Philip Morris 's closing price of $ 44.50 , up 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday . 
Some climate models project that interior regions of Asia would be among the first to heat up in a global warming because they are far from oceans , which moderate temperature changes . 
MARK RESOURCES INC. , Calgary , Alberta , said it agreed to sell 75 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 63.9 million ) of 8 % convertible debentures to a group of securities dealers . 
Concerned by dipping demand for its traditional products , it is moving not only into blonde cigarettes , but also into electronic car-parking payment cards to be sold in neighborhood tobacco stores . 
Production is expected to be about 40,000 barrels of oil a day after completion of the drilling program . 
With the market overbuilt , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks . 
The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes . 
And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago , New York and 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 . 
In such a climate , utility stocks look good to him . 
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
That went over the permissible line for warm and fuzzy feelings . 
Mr. Siemienas is making a fortune -- $ 10,000 a month , he says . 
Capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years , Moody 's said . 
The DAX index fell 15.85 to end at 1507.37 . 
The rest were withdrawn for lack of acceptable bids . ) 
The four-page news summary will be aimed at readers outside Canada or in Canadian locations where the national daily is n't available on the day of publication . 
Executives at Sharon declined to comment on the proposal . 
The authorities have steered foreign reporters to her office to see an example of `` the new way of thinking . '' 
I do n't know why Barber never told anybody else . 
Other institutional users reportedly include Marriott , which is moving away from fresh eggs on a region-by-region basis . 
`` We consider it a life-saving drug , like one for AIDS , '' said Dr. John Fung , an immunologist at the University of Pittsburgh . 
Fueling the growth , among other things , were higher-than-expected prices for certain building products . 
UNESCO somehow converted the founding U.N. ideals of individual rights and liberty into `` peoples ' rights . '' 
A year earlier , the savings bank had earnings of $ 8.1 million , or 33 cents a share . 
The jury will resolve the claims against McDonnell Douglas , Northwest 's claim that a defect in the aircraft caused the crash , and McDonnell Douglas ' claim that the plane was improperly flown . 
In the August proxy material , Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal , its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery 's shareholder value would `` continue to erode . '' 
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed . 
Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high . 
The concern 's National Service Division opened a center for emergency service in Walnut Creek as part of its disaster-recovery plan . 
The companies said Dow Elanco will be the largest research-based agricultural concern in North America , with projected first-year revenue of $ 1.5 billion . 
Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
Ms. Jepson is a free-lance music writer in New York . 
Republic New York Corp. joined the list of banks boosting reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries , setting out a $ 200 million provision and posting a $ 155.4 million third-quarter net loss as a result . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 282 million from $ 268.3 million . 
Seventy years old and a self-declared `` scientific socialist , '' President Barre has a power base , composed only of his minority Mareham clan , that according to observers is `` narrowing . '' 
The reality is that Bank loans have been linked to policy improvements for 40 years . 
Computer Associates International Inc. , Garden City , N.Y. , and Digital Equipment Corp. said they agreed to jointly develop software to help manage Digital 's Vax computers . 
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business . 
Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics . 
The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts . '' 
`` By filing for Chapter 11 , the Merksamer chain will only need approval from a bankruptcy judge for the sale , not the hundreds of unsecured creditors , '' said this executive . 
Analysts pointed to reports that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is producing substantially more than its official limit of 20.5 million barrels a day , with some accounts putting the 13-nation group 's output as high as 23 million barrels a day . 
As a result of last year 's decline , the government 's estimate for the number of people living below the poverty line declined by about 500,000 . 
Similarly , the House agreed to add back $ 62 million to continue work on the advanced communications technology satellite , being developed by General Electric Co . 
It is not quite true , for example , that the Mexican government has `` privatized '' Mexicana de Aviacion , as Mr. Ortiz claims . 
By acquiring stakes in bottling companies in the U.S. and overseas , Coke has been able to improve bottlers ' efficiency and production , and in some cases , marketing . 
Great American Bank said its board approved the formation of a holding company enabling the savings bank to pursue nontraditional banking activities under a new federal law . 
Harley-Davidson Inc. filed suit in federal court here , alleging that a group that holds 6.2 % of its stock made `` false , deceptive and misleading '' statements in recent regulatory filings and public announcements . 
The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government . 
Your Sept. 21 article `` It 's So Easy to Get Burned When Buying a Small Firm '' was excellent . 
But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size . 
In announcing the results , USAir cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently . 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation . 
Revenue gained 13 % to $ 77.3 million from $ 68.5 million . 
`` The impact wo n't be that great , '' said Graeme Lidgerwood of First Boston Corp . 
The plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which Mr. Boesky and his partnerships were dealing . 
The market makers so far are CS First Boston Group 's First Boston Corp. unit , Morgan Stanley & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Inc. 's Salomon Brothers Inc. unit . 
`` There was little turnover and nothing to stimulate the market . '' 
Despite objections by the CIA , Mr. Bush also has agreed to the establishment of an inspector general at the CIA who would be independent of the CIA director . 
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 . 
At a yearling sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars . 
In a rare package sale of its real estate , K mart Corp. , Troy , Mich. , has sold 17 of its strip shopping centers to a limited partnership led by New York developer Philip Pilevsky , according to sources familiar with the transaction . 
They argue that the bigger danger would be that the West would delay action so long that the Soviets might back away from the current conciliatory attitude . 
While he packed the Senate gallery with his supporters during some of the impeachment trial , most civil rights groups kept their distance from his case . 
A big solitary bear . 
And I will never again complain about a rainout . 
Several observers interpreted Mr. Dozen 's appointment as an attempt by Daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of Japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition . 
The goal would be to resolve disputes such as one prompted by the European Community 's current attempt to bar imports of beef from hormone-treated U.S. cattle . 
Private industry 's labor costs rose 1.2 % in the third quarter , matching the second-quarter pace , as health insurance costs continued to soar , the Labor Department said . 
We scribblers quickly concurred that not only was the bad rep of big-time college sports richly earned , but also that it could be corrected . 
The Packwood-Roth proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
The three men agreed to rewrite the guidelines , without changing the basic assassination ban , to clear up any ambiguities that may have hampered U.S. encouragement of coups against anti-American leaders . 
`` Shocked . '' 
David Boren , the Intelligence Committee chairman , is upset that someone leaked a letter to the committee from the Reagan administration suggesting that the U.S. would undertake to warn Panamanian thug Manuel Noriega if it got wind of an impending coup that might result in his assassination . 
But not just any bonds will do . 
A private challenge to the monolithic tractor industry will take more time and money than Poland can spare , although a smokehouse or a local dairy can spring up fast . 
( Indeed , RJR Nabisco is currently under fire for having sent 80-second videotapes touting its Now brand to consumers who smoke American Brands ' Carltons . ) 
The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , '' he said . 
Some in Arizona think that may be optimistic . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was awarded an $ 11.5 million Navy contract for oceanographic services . 
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned . 
Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity . 
The company said it had a net loss in its fourth quarter ended June 30 of $ 36.2 million , or $ 9.33 a share , on revenue of $ 13.1 million . 
In 1986 the New York attorney general 's office got an order from a state court in Albany shutting down First Meridian Corp. , an Albany financial-planning firm that had invested $ 55 million on behalf of nearly 1,000 investors . 
In addition , the acquisition includes production assets of Invercon Papermils , a maker of household tissue products for the U.K. and Ireland . 
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements . 
Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border and the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service . 
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news . 
Pricing details were n't available . 
Its popularity was due to speculation about the strong earnings potential of a new type of plastic wrap for household use , a trader at County Natwest Securities Japan said . 
At London 's close , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 51.23 points lower at 2611.68 . 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Alan Murray contributed to this article . 
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
`` I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , '' the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans . 
But that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks , the agency said . 
As a result , fourth-quarter profit will come in below 1988 results , although the drop wo n't be as sharp as the 44 % third-quarter decline , he said . 
Pinkerton 's had locked itself into low-price contracts to win new business , with no hope of profitability until the contracts expired , he adds . 
The TVA , in fact , decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the Financing Bank , which allows TVA to keep borrowing short term from the bank for two years after it goes to the public market . 
The Merc said Mr. Roberts withheld from the market certain orders in cooperation with another trader , David Stein . 
Aimed specifically at CD holders are so-called CD-type annuities , or certificates of annuity . 
Star lecturer at Harvard , author of numerous popular books on science , and scourge of the creationist lobby , Mr. Gould is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5820 , up from $ 1.5795 late Friday . 
`` Early on in the State Department , we took to calling him the rent-a-colonel , in tribute to his ability to simultaneously milk the antagonistic intelligence services of Cuba and the United States , '' recalls Francis J. McNeil , who , as deputy assistant secretary of state for inter-American affairs , first ran across reports about Mr. Noriega in 1977 . 
At least it has a little dash . 
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter . 
Results for the earlier quarter included a $ 100,000 restructuring charge . 
Marion Harper , 73 , founder and ex-chief executive of Interpublic Group of Cos. , in Oklahoma City , of a heart attack . 
The picocassette recorder also helped transform the company 's reputation from follower to leading-edge innovator . 
Pinnacle West slashed its quarterly dividend to 40 cents per share from 70 cents in December , saying at the time that it believed the new , lower dividend was `` sustainable . '' 
HEALTH BENEFITS remain a central lobbying effort , even as Section 89 fades . 
Mr. Greenberg himself was paid $ 4.5 million , before an estimated $ 1.5 million in dividends , up from $ 2.4 million the year before . 
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said . 
Under the rules , traders decide before a session begins whether they will trade for their own account or for customers . 
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away . 
Mr. Brady also said he expects the leveraged buy-out phenomenon to `` end under ( its ) own weight . '' 
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
HEALTH CLUBS gear up for a graying clientele . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
Birmingham Steel Corp. said that its Emeryville , Calif. , minimill sustained only minor damage from last week 's earthquake . 
It was during the quiet exodus down the pristine concrete ramps of the Stick that I really understood the point of all those Walkmen and Watchmen . 
UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent . 
If the case is converted to Chapter 7 , what remains of the oil tycoon 's once-vast estate -- now believed to have a value of less than $ 125 million -- would be sold off quickly with most of the proceeds going to the Internal Revenue Service , whose claim for $ 300 million in back taxes has priority in the case . 
Although ARCO 's head office , more than 300 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , Ms. Masaki-Schatz used the occasion to distribute a three-page memo of `` Earthquake Tips '' to 1,200 ARCO employees . 
The Bougainville mine is generally expected to remain closed until at least the end of the year . 
Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion . 
Rather than just send out marketing people to knock on customers ' doors , IBM is making several hundred of its own manufacturing people available to discuss specific needs . 
The 57-year-old Mr. Gressette , who was also elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries , succeeds John A. Warren . 
What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level . 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
The offering , Series 106 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
As a result , many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did . 
More likely , relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week . 
Some of the utility 's employees may opt for a four-day workweek , 10 hours a day , to cut the commute by 20 % . 
Thrift regulators did n't give any figures on their enforcement actions . 
Bank officials , however , showed him the door , and the sale never came off . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering . 
Sweating under the glare of newly installed television lights , British members of Parliament demanded a halt to the experimental televising of debates . 
`` You 'll start to see shows where viewers program the program . 
They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45 % in 1995 to 7.10 % in 2009 . 
But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % . 
The Communists spent 40 years working to ensure that no such capitalistic structures ever arose here . 
Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January . 
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days . 
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
`` But we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse . 
Elsewhere , prices of investment-grade and high-risk , high-yield junk bonds ended unchanged . 
Mr. Stevens said he expects the new price will be considerably lower , but declined to specify a figure . 
Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern . 
Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract . 
As part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , a receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms . 
But Mr. Lawrence says reported profit will be down in 1987 , 1988 and 1989 , though he declines to specify how steep the decline will be . 
The company said it expects to pay the first dividend , of 12.5 cents a share , in the 1990 first quarter . 
This is the 22nd year in which the Washington media company has increased dividends . 
It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts and has agreed to wipe away some tortured and legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game . 
They were appalled , for instance , that he wanted to target more of the $ 3 billion Community Development Block Grant ( CDBG ) program to low-income projects and zero out the notorious `` discretionary '' funds that have allowed HUD officials to steer contracts to political cronies . 
Mr. Breeden did n't reject the proposal . 
But other industry executives contend the losses could reach $ 250 million over four years and could go even higher if the World Series end in four-game romps . 
Cattle futures prices were also supported yesterday by signs that supermarket chains are making plans to increase their promotions concerning beef . 
Now they do n't have to , '' he says . 
Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . '' 
The author of the futuristic novel `` 1984 '' invented a language called Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- that is , anything negative about the policies and practices of the state . 
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom . 
Regarding Mr. Hunt 's taxes , he and the IRS have apparently agreed on a basic formula for liquidating his estate in which the IRS would get 70 % of the proceeds from a liquidating trust and 30 % would go to other creditors . 
Oil imports to Japan rose 12 % in September from year-earlier levels , according to statistics released by the government 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry . 
W. Mark Goode , president of Micronyx Inc. , a Richardson , Texas , firm that makes computer-security products , provided a new definition for Mikhail Gorbachev 's campaign for greater openness , known commonly as glasnost . 
Oh yes , the Atlantic was also pushed back 300 yards . 
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County . 
Many specialist firms resent the Big Board 's new `` basket '' product that allows institutions to buy or sell all stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index in one shot . 
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary . 
Prices for seats on the New York Stock Exchange are recovering a bit after hitting a four-year low earlier this month . 
Institutional investors mostly remained on the sidelines Tuesday . 
`` Texans can sniff a phony a mile away , '' the narrator warns outsiders . 
One protest did get past NASA 's guard , though ; a computer virus caused anti-Galileo messages to flash onto some computer screens at NASA centers . 
ShowBiz Pizza Time gained 1 1\/2 to 13 . 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
What if the only system that does work is so expensive that , at best , only the largest exchanges can afford it ? 
Mr. Castaneda 's office will reportedly issue warrants during the next six months for the arrest of another 10,000 federal employees . 
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . '' 
Wells Rich 's New Partner 
If Integrated regains Royal Alliance , the representatives will retain their 49 % ownership . 
And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a `` My Favorite Bureaucrat '' plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 . 
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read . 
The new reserves bring the company 's provision for loans to Third World countries to $ 2.6 billion , or 85 % of Bankers Trust 's medium and long-term loans to these countries . 
Similarly , one of the most popular comedy genres of the 1930s and '40s was the `` murder mystery\/comedy . '' 
So why did advertising pages plunge by almost 10 % and ad revenue by 7.2 % in the first half ? 
Citicorp posted a 9 % drop in quarterly profit . 
Criticism from such big advertisers as Estee Lauder Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Seagram Co. put a damper on the euphoria at the American Magazine Conference here . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
For the Giuliani forces , it 's a conundrum . 
`` I want this to be a model of the way a public-owned company should be run , '' Mr. Luzon says . 
At the Baltimore firm of Weinberg & Green , new corporate and banking associates are required to enroll in a 20-class course . 
The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon . 
Mr. Vinson estimates the industry 's total revenues approach $ 200 million . 
Mr. Gurria 's optimism contrasts with some bankers ' views that the deal may require a lot of arm twisting by the U.S. Treasury in order to succeed . 
On the other hand , they make sure at a minimum that their systems are described in their employee handbooks and talked up by personnel specialists . 
Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent . 
The rest is , of course , history . 
Hogs rose $ 3.40 to $ 46.80 a hundredweight in October , while beef cattle slipped 80 cents to $ 67.40 for each hundred pounds and calves dropped 90 cents to $ 90.20 . 
Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 . '' 
However , these faults are not the exclusive property of modern comedies , and I believe Mr. Knight errs when he attempts to link this modern phenomenon too closely to a single category of movie making . 
Thus , subsidized loans tend to turn into giveaway programs , with increasing subsidy and default rates over time . 
American Home Products Corp. proposes to acquire the company . 
Like many young recruits in Japanese securities firms , he began his career peddling stock to individual investors . 
Speaking of dark nights , the Met 's next-door neighbor , the New York City Opera , has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians , who wanted pay parity with the the Chicago Lyric and San Francisco Opera orchestras . 
In return , the Senate panel has dropped efforts to enact legislation requiring the administration to inform it within 48 hours of the launching of any covert activity . 
In other stock-market news , the Tokyo Stock Exchange said that for the week ended Friday , the balance of margin buying rose 189.8 billion yen ( $ 1.34 billion ) , to 7.160 trillion yen ( $ 50.46 billion ) . 
Couple Counseling Grows to Defuse Stress 
Increasingly careful attempts to measure neutrons , which would be strong evidence of fusion reactions , continue to be negative . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods . 
Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu . 
He 's the kind of guy who rescues trampled flags . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- $ 75,075,000 of various bonds , including $ 40.86 million Wastewater Treatment insured bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 34,215,000 Wastewater Treatment bonds , Series 1989B , via competitive bid . 
ESPs will allow institutional investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade of a minimum of $ 5 million . 
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale ; Tuesday 's was 
So far , the victims are officially considered evil-doers , and their families receive no compensation . 
Toyota Motor Corp. , which opened a plant in Georgetown , Ky. , last year , saw sales triple to 6,256 vehicles . 
The junk market , which mushroomed to $ 200 billion from less than $ 2 billion at the start of the decade , has been declining for months as issuers have stumbled under the weight of hefty interest payments . 
Gen-Probe was another active takeover stock . 
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency . 
It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants . '' 
Still others are looking at overseas markets . 
Others , just released from the majors , hope the senior league will be their bridge back into the big-time . 
When Nucor Corp. begins shipping steel from the world 's first thin-slab plant this month , it will begin testing the competitive mettle of its giant competitors . 
The initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand . 
`` The president does n't want to have legislative sanctions , '' says a U.S. official . 
During the third quarter , Exxon purchased 8.34 million shares of its stock at a cost of $ 373 million . 
London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge . 
The vaccine , however , causes allergic reactions that can be fatal . 
Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . 
Some in Big Oil are easing the grip on their wallets . 
The prosecutor quoted statements from the Marcoses in which they said they were in this country at the invitation of President Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. . 
Conrail 
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . 
James F. Gero , former chairman and chief executive officer of Varo Inc. , and Richard J. Hatchett III , a Dallas investment banker , were elected directors of this medical-products concern , boosting the board to seven members . 
Fannie Mae has agreed to buy as much as $ 100 million of loans under its Seniors ' Housing Opportunities pilot program , which offers four types of loans to people 62 years of age or older to help them maintain their home or obtain housing . 
The consensus of economists polled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate for GNP during the quarter . 
Of the big computer makers , only Apple Computer Co. bases its machines on Motorola chips instead . 
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
And the Poles are engaged in commerce . '' 
The MiniScribe report outlines a host of allegedly fraudulent practices , including the shipment of bricks and defective disk drives that were booked as sales , and inventory forgeries in accounting records . 
And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage . 
While rival ABC News outstripped the competition in live coverage of the event by sheer luck -- the network was broadcasting the World Series from Candlestick Park when the quake struck -- NBC News was unable to get its signal out of San Francisco for the first hour after the quake . 
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . '' 
After Laurel Bank tried to repossess the car , a vice president asked him to intervene in an unrelated legal dispute involving a trust account . 
I ca n't even say I made my own mistakes . 
Testifying before a panel of the House Banking Committee , Mr. Greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank . 
But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again . 
The core of its holdings is 190,000 square meters of incredibly expensive property in the Marunouchi district , the business and financial center of Tokyo , often jokingly called `` Mitsubishi Village . '' 
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 . 
It is only logical to assume that the enactment of this provision will lead to increased litigation . 
`` For the middle and upper-middle class { Filipino } is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. last week downgraded the long-term deposit rating of Boston Co. 's Boston Safe Deposit & Trust Co. subsidiary , to single-A-1 from double-A-3 , citing problems in the company 's `` aggressively managed securities portfolio . '' 
A company does n't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale , says Charles I. Clough Jr. , chief market strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
Indeed , that happened to some extent yesterday , as industrial stocks rebounded , partly on news of takeovers in the paper industry . 
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday . 
`` People are n't necessarily running scared , '' Mr. Litvack said . 
General paper product sales , including newsprints and other papers , accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen from 143.88 billion yen . 
That 's because computers do most of the work , and low trading activity keeps a lid on commission costs . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association , Huntington Beach , Calif. , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 3.9 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 1.4 million , or 22 cents a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . '' 
Sales of Prozac , an anti-depressant , led drug-sales increases . 
He also owns courses in the U.S. and France . 
And rumors of forced selling by takeover-stock traders triggered a 25-point downdraft in the Dow Jones Industrial Average around 11:15 a.m. EDT yesterday . 
Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August . 
`` It was an overreaction to an event { the failure of a management and union group to get bank financing for a takeover of UAL } that does n't mean that much to lots of stocks . '' 
A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties account for about 6 % of the company 's assets and produce about 5,000 barrels of oil and 35 million cubic feet of gas a day . 
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash . 
First , a pop quiz . 
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
What is greatness ? 
Mr. Paul boasts that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn . 
But in the `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act . 
On Friday , Datuk Daim added spice to an otherwise unremarkable address on Malaysia 's proposed budget for 1990 by ordering the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange `` to take appropriate action immediately '' to cut its links with the Stock Exchange of Singapore . 
At age 65 , when I 'd stop paying premiums , the Ameritas offering would have a projected cash value $ 14,000 higher than the other , even though the Equitable 's policy illustration assumed a fractionally higher interest rate . 
A Manville spokesman would n't elaborate on the proposed changes . 
SENIOR CITIZENS have long received cheap air fares . 
Under the originally contemplated terms of the offering , the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above Treasurys . 
The campaign , created by Omnicom Group 's DDB Needham agency , takes advantage of the eye-catching photography that National Geographic is known for . 
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances . 
The agreement is subject to the banking company 's board approval , which is expected next month . 
WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk . 
West German government bond prices took a wild roller-coaster ride , pulled down by Monday 's U.S. stock market gains then up by a wider-than-expected U.S. trade deficit and falling U.S. stock prices . 
The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said . 
One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson , an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris ( `` thirtysomething '' ) and John Heard . 
At the 50%-leveraged Zenith Income Fund , portfolio manager John Bianchi recently dumped Mesa Petroleum , Wickes and Horsehead Industries , among others , to raise his cash position to a record 15 % . 
These decisions deserve more attention than they have received from scholars , and from journalists as well . 
Most is concentrated in five Persian Gulf countries , including his own , Issam Al-Chalabi , Iraq 's oil minister , told the conference Friday . 
Mr. Maynard initially won approval for his machine to be used at egg-processing facilities regulated by the USDA 's Food Safety Inspection Service . 
Thomson Corp. 's Globe & Mail newspaper in November will begin transmitting an experimental edition to selected subscribers ' facsimile machines . 
Cardinal Scientific Inc. of Waldorf , Md. , seeks a Small Business Innovation Research grant to produce a `` nozzle assembly for an Army mass delousing outfit . 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has softened since August 1988 . 
The company said it will sell the water plain and with lemon-lime and cherry flavors and will package it in 28-ounce bottles and 6.5 ounce bottles as part of six-packs . 
Over the long term , however , IBM 's stock repurchases -- along with its hefty , $ 4.84-a-share annual dividend and generally loyal following among large institutional investors -- are providing a floor for the stock price . 
Contrary to widespread belief , Mussolini failed to live up to his promise to make the trains run on time ; it is doubtful whether Soviet-style corporatism will make Soviet trains run on time , or fill the shops with goods that the consumers so desperately crave . 
The suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people . '' 
Sources close to the company and ad agencies that work with Meredith said leading advertisers in consumer electronics , packaged goods and automotive products were among those negotiating ad packages with the Meredith group . 
Mr. Rey made 50 million Swiss francs on the sale . 
The agency wo n't allow mushrooms that were canned or packed in brine at any Chinese plant to enter the U.S. until `` satisfactory sanitation-control measures are implemented in China to prevent '' bacterial contamination . 
Sales dropped 6 % to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.74 billion , reflecting eight fewer business days in the latest quarter . 
I 'm thinking about using the $ 871 annual premium to finance a trip to Paris first . 
`` This is a very personal , ethnic style , '' Mr. Carew says . `` 
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options . 
And earnings have been erratic . 
And the administration 's deal with Congress gives several congressional committees the right to cut off even humanitarian aid next month , though the committees are likely to let aid continue until February . 
How was the West won ? 
In 1980 , the study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people aged 18 years and older . 
The proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national origin : North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans , Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral . 
Ironically , the anonymous official 's comments have earned some plaudits for Mr. Greenspan , who is mistakenly seen as the source . 
In driftnet , or `` wall of death , '' fishing , fleets lay nets up to three miles long that trap almost everything in their path . 
And he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year . 
To meet the U.S. criteria , Israel contended it only listed incidents that involved civilians and occurred inside its pre-1967 borders . 
My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking . 
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . 
Pinkerton 's world headquarters today is a nondescript , two-story office building across the street from the small Van Nuys Airport . 
`` It 's not beyond credibility the Rubens will someday be worth $ 12 million , but whether it could be sold for that amount tomorrow remains to be seen . '' 
But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention . 
The No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.22 , down 0.17 point , to yield 5.41 % . 
The stock closed yesterday on the Big Board at $ 28.75 , down 12.5 cents . 
Rules that set standards for products or govern business behavior , generally the best regarded form of red tape , `` create a level playing field and keep unscrupulous competitors away , '' says Sidney West , president of TechDesign International Inc. , a Springfield , Va. , business that designs telecommunication and other products . 
Speculation that the Federal Reserve will lower interest rates in coming weeks helped push the dollar down while boosting stocks , traders said . 
Like so many trends in the entertainment industry , the current spate of rape dramas on television seems to represent a confluence of high-mindedness and self-interest . 
But it 's hard to squeeze much profit out of the personal-computer business these days , and the workstation market , while important , is too small to rely on for much growth . 
During his cross examination of Mr. Lorin , Mr. Lang read from the transcripts of a conversation that was taped Oct. 20 , 1988 . 
The issue yields 8.90 % and carries a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from the company . 
Chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 120 million last year 's robust levels . 
Average daily trading volume : 179,032 shares 
Although Columbia had a good summer with `` Ghostbusters II '' and `` When Harry Met Sally , '' rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office . 
In life , she offers practical dieting advice : `` Divide your meals into important and unimportant . 
`` But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one . 
The market during the start-up is estimated at 25,000 subscribers . 
The weakness in New York City bonds follows a warning from New York state Comptroller Edward Regan that the 1987 crash seriously weakened the city 's economy . 
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen . 
`` Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . 
The carriers were competing fiercely for market share . 
Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers . 
Interest picks up , though , when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution . 
China , under the Nationalist government of Chiang Kai-shek , was a founding member of GATT in 1947 . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
To do that , they must think in terms of sheetrock by the square foot , carpeting by the square yard , wallpaper by the roll , molding by the linear foot . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
That contrast was reflected in the smaller weekly percentage gains recorded by the broader averages . 
The report was the brightest news the financial markets had seen since before the stock market plunged more than 190 points last Friday . 
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
The markets are complex , as is the environment in which they function . 
In between came lots of coffee drinking while watching the balloons inflate and lots of standing around deciding who would fly in what balloon and in what order ( the baskets hold no more than four passengers ) . 
Mr. Niciporuk sits . 
He said USI Far East has applied to both the Asian Development Bank and the World Bank 's International Finance Corp. for financing that could include equity stakes . 
The red ink came as no surprise to Wall Street , but analysts said they saw ominous hints of a further delay in volume shipments of Version 1.1 , a harbinger of continued losses in the fourth quarter . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
Mr. Paul , in selling off his paintings , is seeking at least a 15 % return on the bank 's investment , so as to prove that the venture was sound . 
UAL 's pilots and machinists unions appear to hold the key to any future takeover bid for the airline . 
But as part of the overall agreement , Grumman and its outspoken supporters on Capitol Hill effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget . 
The Kemper Corp. unit and other critics complain that program trading causes wild swings in stock prices , such as on Tuesday and on Oct. 13 and 16 , and has increased chances for market crashes . 
The rating agency said it lowered the ratings on $ 75 million of the holding company 's convertible subordinated Eurodebentures to B-3 from B-1 . 
One person who is past worrying about London 's blues is Christopher Hartley . 
Also named to the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel . 
Control Data , for one , plays down its employee suggestion program because it favors the team-management focus . 
Indeed , only hours earlier , Mrs. Thatcher had called Mr. Lawson 's economic policies `` sound '' and said she has `` always supported '' him . 
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented . 
More enemies to be dealt with . 
The Spanish author Camilo Jose Cela won the Nobel Prize for literature yesterday , a surprising choice , but given the Swedish Academy 's past perversities , hardly the most undeserved and ridiculous accolade handed out by the awarding committee . 
As a result , they often speak one language at home , another at school . 
The five astronauts returned to Earth about three hours early because high winds had been predicted at the landing site . 
Although Mr. Morishita says little about his business , he offers one rule to success : Never gamble too far . 
Growth is good . 
Without becoming overly contentious , allow me to suggest that several recent champions of the world according to us ( as in U.S. ) might not have ranked No. 1 in many polls . 
Spokesmen at Drexel and First Executive said the companies had n't yet been served with the suit . 
In fact , without Wall Street firms trading for their own accounts , the stock-index arbitrage trading opportunities for the big funds may be all the more abundant . 
But the machines are n't on employees ' desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office . 
Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says . 
Nine-month sales were $ 2.79 billion , up 8.2 % from $ 2.58 billion a year earlier . 
In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
BankAmerica eased 1\/2 to 31 7\/8 and Wells Fargo lost 1\/2 to 81 1\/2 ; the two bank holding companies , based in San Francisco , were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor . 
It has an unusual kind of independence from elected officials and still has authority over one of the most powerful of government 's instruments -- the control of the money supply . 
Merkur , as an import on domestic car lots , suffered from the same sort of image confusion that is hobbling sales of imports at General Motors Corp. and Chrysler Corp . 
Mr. Titus is a researcher at the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice . 
Bookings for the first half totaled $ 813 million , compared with the $ 432 million recorded last year . 
`` We all did what we had to do to stay within sight of them . '' 
A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers . 
For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan . 
CD yields are generally expected to fall further in coming weeks . 
`` If you do n't save your critical people , you wo n't be able to bring up your vital business functions . '' 
`` This time though , '' he says , `` I think we got it . '' 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , New York , the newly merged drug and health-care-product company , reported record third-quarter earnings for both companies in the merger . 
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group . 
The index registered 196.1 in August , compared with 195.4 in July and with 184.9 in August 1988 . 
Treasury bonds were 1\/8 to 1\/2 point higher yesterday in light trading . 
The complex is to be located in Batangas , about 70 miles south of Manila . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , rose 1\/2 to 109 1\/4 on 495,000 shares . 
The remainder of the debt will be exchanged for new Costa Rican bonds with a 6 1\/4 % interest rate . 
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ? 
`` There is little or no integration of our work , quality is spotty , there is no single focus , '' Mr. Phillips complained to staffers in March , when the reorganization was announced . 
He gave 10-to-1 odds that a capital-gains tax cut of some sort would be approved this year , though it probably wo n't be included in the pending deficit-reduction bill . 
Amex said it would charge me $ 576 a year for $ 100,000 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums I put in if I canceled the policy after 10 years . 
MCA said net also included certain reserves related to the restructuring of its LJN Toys ' international operations . 
And a spokesman for Reliance Group Holdings Inc. , which had held 7 % of UAL before the first buy-out bid but later reduced its holdings below 5 % , would n't comment . 
Terms on both deals were n't disclosed . 
Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship , but both help explain why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement . 
Hepatitis A , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee , company and city officials said . 
H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , offering of four million shares of noncumulative convertible preferred stock , Series B. , via Goldman , Sachs & Co , First Boston Corp. , and Merrill Lynch . 
Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp . 
Shaken by tumbling stock prices and pessimistic projections of U.S. economic growth , currency analysts around the world have toned down their assessments of the dollar 's near-term performance . 
In a sign the stock slump has n't quieted Europe 's takeover fever , Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to bid for one of France 's other large financial and industrial holding companies , Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
Ignore the present condition . 
In lobbying on other health-coverage topics , the National Federation of Independent Business will press for legislation that would give self-employed people a 100 % tax deduction for their own health plans , up from 25 % currently . 
Durable goods orders slipped 0.1 % in September , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models . 
`` When the going gets rough , China penalizes the efficient and rewards the incompetent , '' says a Western economist . 
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago . 
Whitbread & Co. put its spirits division up for sale , triggering a scramble among global groups for the British company 's brands . 
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight . 
It had been due to expire Friday evening . 
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each . 
Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece . 
Mr. Dell attributed the earnings slide to new product delays , such as a laptop scheduled for September that wo n't be introduced until early November . 
Hundreds of smaller creditors could get nothing , according to attorneys involved . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , fulfilling its dismal earnings forecast for 1989 , said its third-quarter net income fell 68 % on flat revenue . 
BankAmerica Corp. reported a 34 % jump in third-quarter earnings , as its rocket-like recovery from nearly ruinous losses several years ago continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and negligible loan losses . 
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia-Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa . 
Mr. Nahas , who single-handedly provoked a one-day closure of Brazil 's stock markets in June when he failed to honor a debt of $ 31.1 million owed to his brokers , yesterday blamed his predicament on the president of the Sao Paulo stock exchange ; a few days before Mr. Nahas 's failure , the exchange raised the required margin on stock-margin transactions . 
General Motors continued to be hardest hit . 
`` Two generations ago , Dad came to Las Vegas by himself for a little diversion , '' says Van Heffner , executive vice president of the Nevada Hotel and Motel Association . 
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 . 
Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met -- where she has still to make her debut -- and help out her Czech compatriot by singing the slow parts of `` Traviata . '' 
Alan Bond , chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt figures yesterday . 
Financing plans include raising $ 170 million in debt secured by the company 's holdings in New Jersey . 
So Mr. Lawson had to resign . 
`` We think there 's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market , '' said James E. Day , a First City vice president . 
Revenue climbed 25 % to $ 3.3 billion from $ 2.6 billion . 
He adds : `` It just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
One dealer , Martin Zimet of French & Co. in New York , says he `` would have loved to buy '' a Jan Davids de Heem painting from the bank . 
Ford Motor said it raised its stake in the British car maker to 12.45 % of the ordinary shares outstanding . 
Mr. Jobs , co-founder of Apple Computer Inc. , founded Next four years ago in the hopes of fomenting a revolution in the way desktop computers are designed and used . 
They also established an office to control government and party finances . 
The bonds ended about 1\/2 point higher yesterday . 
It is as though the land knows of its own beauty , of its own greatness , and feels no need to shout it . 
London was weak throughout Friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
Philip Morris Cos. , whose Benson & Hedges cigarette brand has been losing market share , has asked at least one other agency to try its hand at creative work for the big account , which has been at Wells Rich Greene Inc. since 1966 . 
But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 . 
Mr. Smith and other top Federal executives have met with Tiger workers in Los Angeles , Ohio , New York , Alaska , Asia and Europe . 
An AT&T representative said that the Guadalajara factory will make a full line of answering machines . 
The U.S. Mint would n't take the coin because it was n't mutilated , and the Federal Reserve Bank accepts only clean coins , he says . 
Even utility stocks are n't all that inexpensive , at an average of 14 times earnings . 
After sitting with 20 % of his fund in cash before Friday 's sell-off , Mr. Neff says he bought `` a narrow list of stocks '' yesterday . 
Mr. Webster cites a four-page mailing from the United Cancer Council that offers a chance to win $ 5,000 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 5 to cancer education . 
Asian traffic , which currently accounts for 65 % of Cathay 's business , is expected to continue as the carrier 's mainstay . 
Pacific First owns Pacific First Federal Savings Banks and other financial services firms . 
More recently , property rates have increased . 
Private placements involve debt and equity securities , typically in denominations of $ 1 million , that are sold to institutional investors and are n't registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The most common conflict involves compensation . 
Southern Pacific Transportation Co. , the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area , said service on its north-south coastline , which is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle , was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake . 
We 'll leave them alone . 
The group 's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around . 
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds . 
The stock slid $ 1.875 on more than four times average daily volume . 
Most of Kidder 's program trading is for its own account , according to the New York Stock Exchange . 
That analysis matches up with stock traders ' reports that , despite the huge drop in the stock , UAL has n't returned to the level at which it could attract buying by institutions solely on the basis of earnings . 
WHY BE A MIDDLEMAN for charitable gifts ? a retiree asks . 
Bids totaling $ 425 million were submitted . 
After all , this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect , that is the butt of so many jokes that television 's `` L.A. Law '' portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short , bald , intensely nerdy , and unremittingly boring . 
The golden share restricts any individual holding to 15 % and expires at the end of 1990 . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Sony also said two more suits have been filed opposing the company 's agreement to buy Columbia . 
Not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim . 
Lawyers for the two sides were n't immediately available for comment . 
Well , they can now go and audition there . 
Two weeks ago , viewers of several NBC daytime consumer segments started calling a 900 number for advice on various life-style issues . 
On the other hand , a decision to increase the IMF 's capital would reinforce the central economic role of multilateral institutions in developing countries . 
From what we and the nation have been reading , the money is n't being spent very well . 
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza . 
In the six months since the current fiscal year began April 1 , the surplus totaled # 500 million , compared with a surplus of # 3.6 billion in the year-earlier period . 
By contrast , traditional buy-and-hold investors are unlikely to generate sudden price moves . 
Rep. Austin Murphy ( D. , Pa. ) , chairman of the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . '' 
The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil . 
Soviet leaders said they would support their Kabul clients by all means necessary -- and did . 
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group . 
The Japanese are neglecting the opportunity to synthesize a new corporate culture based on a fusion of the best aspects of both national cultures . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had nothing to do with either delay . 
Chief Executive Officer Michael Carpenter said that despite the outcry even by some of Kidder 's own brokers , he believes index arbitrage does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole . 
The Irish-Soviet aviation connection is alive and well here at Shannon Airport . 
If the stock market and the economy catch their breath and show that they 're on firmer footing , these stocks might well fall back . 
But would n't you know , now that we are spending jillions of dollars , and have built those new divisions and new air wings , and have positioned all these ships and supplies to fight the Russians in Iran , the Russians seem to have lost interest in the whole subject . 
At the start of trading last Wednesday , the average appeared to plunge more than 200 points . 
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 . 
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The $ 1.1 billion T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund was among the funds that borrowed during the Campeau crisis , says George J. Collins , president of T. Rowe Price Associates Inc . 
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris . 
Some even study . 
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40 % -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking . 
The designer , whose line of modular , one-size-fits-all clothing has spawned a host of clones , has been in a dispute with her latest licensee , Jerell Inc. for several months . 
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co . 
In addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
In the year-earlier period , Colgate posted net income of $ 60.2 million , or 88 cents a share . 
My initial stake in this blooming enterprise has grown tenfold , according to my conservative calculations . 
Such animosity could prove pivotal in the union vote . 
A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases , from arson to securities fraud , without missing a beat . 
While many growth stocks are small , not all small stocks have earnings-growth momentum . 
The lists total $ 654.5 million . 
Rights attached to the company 's common shares were issued that are triggered if a hostile bidder acquires more than 20 % of the shares outstanding . 
Each had claimed Allianz , Europe 's largest insurance company , as a tacit ally . 
We think that the ratings revision is unfortunate but not unexpected . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor . 
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms . 
I 've learned one thing from candidates , A technique so deftly done : If a question ca n't be answered , Strongly answer an unasked one ! 
`` Many people in Poland hope this government will break down , '' says Mr. Niciporuk , who belongs to the local council and to Rural Solidarity . 
Senate Commerce Committee Chairman Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C. ) , who also chairs the Senate appropriations subcommittee for the department , attached $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative , including work on high-definition television . 
Philip Morris , trying to revive the Benson & Hedges franchise , put the account up for review in 1986 . 
In addition , Northeast promised the State of New Hampshire that rate increases would be limited to 5.5 % annually for seven years . 
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro said its potential losses from lending to Iraq could reach 1.175 trillion lire ( $ 872 million ) , marking the bank 's first quantification of potential costs of unauthorized lending by its Atlanta branch . 
In 1986 , Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn 's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4 % stake . 
In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen . 
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office . 
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring . 
What is driving Dentsu 's international expansion largely is the need to keep up with its Japanese clients as they grow in the U.S. and Europe . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the membership and the board . '' 
The Treasury Department said S&Ls reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites . 
A technical analyst said there were a number of stop-loss orders under that level that were touched off when the contract 's price fell below it . 
Yesterday 's rally was led by RJR Holdings 13 3\/4 % bonds , which initially tumbled three points , or $ 30 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to 96 1\/4 before rebounding to 99 3\/4 . 
She thinks the market could drop about 10 % in the next few months , then recover and go higher . 
Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ? 
For one thing , according to Mr. Daly , the producers requested a release in advance . 
`` But new managers will have to be creators and innovators ... and for that purpose it is necessary to create an environment where information from both inside and outside the company can be reached easily , and also shared . '' 
The CWA claims that monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy , but increases stress . 
Today , it 's obvious that the brawny , six-foot , one-inch musician made the right choice . 
But Mexico urgently needs more help . 
Because he sees a `` 5 % to 6 % base rate of inflation in the economy , '' he doubts that interest rates will fall much any time soon . 
I 'm not going to address questions of safety ! '' ) 
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher might , however , be receptive to any request by Jaguar Chairman Sir John Egan for the restriction 's early removal to let GM amass more than 15 % or mount a friendly suitor bid against Ford . 
One of the mysteries of AIDS remains why infected people produce large quantities of antibodies , but deteriorate nonetheless . 
The tumor , he suggested , developed when the second , normal copy also was damaged . 
Whether or not `` great cases make bad-law '' -- as Justice Holmes asserted -- who can doubt that when great confirmation hearings turn on the nominee 's response to these great cases they make bad judicial history ? 
It could be a long wait , say some industry observers . 
This limits his financial exposure , he says . 
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar . 
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs . 
Revenue declined 2 % , to $ 3.06 billion from $ 3.13 billion , because of the sale of Southland Life in March , and the impact of the stronger U.S. dollar on overseas results . 
That does n't scare Digital , which has grown to be the world 's second-largest computer maker by poaching customers of IBM 's mid-range machines . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
In a few instances , Aetna knew it would probably be shelling out big bucks , even before a client called or faxed in a claim . 
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents . 
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program-trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue . 
Employees were told that if they really wanted the publications , they would have to have them sent home instead . 
Mr. Corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home . 
He says he used consultants in the case but `` found them to be virtually useless . '' 
Mercedes sold 82,348 cars in 1988 . 
They thus have won the French space-buying business of such advertising giants as Coca-Cola Co. , Fiat S.p . A. , Gillette and Kodak . 
Partly because the 1987 market crash made it harder for them to find financing , many high-technology concerns have made such alliances recently . 
Or call it the wave of the future . 
Although it may not be legally obligated to sell the company if the buy-out group ca n't revive its bid , it may have to explore alternatives if the buyers come back with a bid much lower than the group 's original $ 300-a-share proposal . 
State investigators dispute that view now , particularly in light of the judge 's various business dealings in Cambria County . 
They and other top executives signed long-term employment contracts and Mr. Della Femina will receive an additional multimillion-dollar sum , which some industry executives pegged at about $ 10 million . 
For all of this year 's explosive run-up in stock prices , Renaissance Investment Management Inc. 's computer sat on the sidelines . 
But there are signs that labor-management cooperation could change the politics of health-care legislation and the economics of medicine . 
About half of Western Digital 's business is overseas , and Mr. Johnson expects that proportion to continue . 
That ad generated so much publicity that a trade magazine launched a contest for its readers to guess who the guy was and what he was doing . 
And only a handful of small U.S. companies are engaged in high-definition software development . 
You already know the answer . 
The `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' decision strikes a blow against the whole historical enterprise . 
The circuit breakers caused a 30-minute shutdown in trading in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures contract as the markets were falling . 
GM 's U.K. unit holds crucial talks today with union officials about its consideration of an Ellesmere Port site for its first major engine plant in Britain . 
Their yields are higher than those of U.S. Treasury issues . 
That came to a combined $ 37.7 million under the $ 300-a-share buy-out , but just $ 21.3 million at yesterday 's close . 
The 48-year-old Mr. Corr was hired largely because he was credited with returning Trans World Airlines Inc. to profitability while he was its president from 1986 to 1988 . 
Laura Dale , center manager at the catalog company 's customer order center in Reno , Nev. , defends monitoring . 
The government 's credibility in the GAF case depended heavily on its star witness , Boyd L. Jefferies , the former Los Angeles brokerage chief who was implicated by former arbitrager Ivan Boesky , and then pointed the finger at Mr. Sherwin , takeover speculator Salim B. Lewis and corporate raider Paul Bilzerian . 
NEWSPAPERS : 
Rivals carp at `` the principle of Pilson , '' as NBC 's Arthur Watson once put it -- `` he 's always expounding that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . '' 
Like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound , Ms. Bogart has said that her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to `` make it new . '' 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) . 
Jamie Kellner , president of Fox Broadcasting , said , `` We believe the partnership of Fox , its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding and will continue to grow . '' 
`` The ultimate form of charity is when you do n't tell anyone . '' 
Another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in Chile . 
A decline may come in the first half of 1990 , he said , but the market does n't appear on the verge of a severe downturn . 
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . '' 
SENATE HEARS final arguments in impeachment trial of federal judge . 
`` Most traders will be looking to buy { on } pullbacks , '' he said . 
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary . 
Although many of the transactions related to those securities have n't been completed , Columbia said the ultimate gain on the sale of those assets will range from $ 200 million to $ 300 million . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
Then someone decided to try broken-down earthmoving equipment that , inexplicably , held against the waves . 
`` Looking only at a narrow American strategy is n't where it 's at . '' 
But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request . 
They lorded it over me . 
James Kochan , chief fixed-income strategist at Merrill Lynch , is touting shorter-term securities , which he says should benefit more quickly than longer-term bonds as interest rates fall . 
The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity . 
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies . 
In the second , foreign borrowing is projected to grow 10 % and investment to drop 10 % . 
Meanwhile , Sir James still is pursuing efforts to gain U.S. insurance regulators ' approval for a change in control of B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. unit . 
MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move . 
G-7 consists of the U.S. , Japan , Britain , West Germany , Canada , France and Italy . 
An administration official confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way . 
Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs , improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , an IBM spokeswoman confirmed that IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week but declined to elaborate . 
This conjures up images of a nation full of trim , muscular folks , and suggests couch potatoes are out of season . 
`` The industry is still pretty much in its Wild West days , '' says Scott Stapf , director of investor education for the North American Securities Administrators Association . 
Norfolk Southern 's board approved a buy-back of up to 45 million shares , valued at over $ 1.7 billion . 
The gruff financier recently started socializing in upper-class circles . 
Tokyo stocks rebounded Tuesday from two consecutive daily losses in relatively active dealings . 
`` It 's frightening , '' Mr. Shattuck said . 
In 1987 , the Supreme Court attempted in McNally v. U.S. to halt the inexorable expansion of these statutes by adopting a rule of strict construction for ambiguous criminal statues . 
Although Italy 's investigation of whether Olivetti had violated Western export-control rules had previously been made known , this marked the first time the unit and product were named . 
A spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector . 
`` It has been in what I would describe as a lull for the past several months . '' 
Yesterday , Sen. Packwood acknowledged , `` We do n't have the votes for cloture today . '' 
Chevron added 1 to 65 . 
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 . 
Third-quarter sales in Europe were exceptionally strong , boosted by promotional programs and new products -- although weaker foreign currencies reduced the company 's earnings . 
INTEREST-RATE PLAYER : 
Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning ( known as voir dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors . 
Buried in the work is a meditation on the morality of art , and on the struggle for integrity in an unfair world . 
But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured `` in flagrante '' by Joan Postel , who called the police . 
Other Western Union securities were also lower . 
Sales to Compaq represented 26 % of Conner 's business in its third quarter , compared with 42 % in the year-ago period . 
Despite the drop in prices for thoroughbreds , owning one still is n't cheap . 
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment . 
Brooks Brothers hopes that shaking its time-honored traditions will attract more young men and more women and change consumer perceptions about its range of merchandise . 
For example , infertile couples who have the woman 's eggs fertilized in the test tube usually have several eggs fertilized at a time . 
`` Barber was seated by the fireplace looking very pale , '' recalls the violinist , who performed the work with a piano accompanist at the composer 's apartment . 
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago . 
BellSouth Chairman and Chief Executive Officer John L. Clendenin said three factors accounted for the drop in third-quarter earnings . 
All told , Mr. Parker does a better job of making a novel out of this abandoned fragment than anyone might have had a right to expect . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
Companies in the construction , engineering and building-products sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying . 
Gen-Probe Inc. , a biotechnology concern , said it signed a definitive agreement to be acquired by Chugai Pharmaceutical Co. of Tokyo for about $ 110 million , or almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
Mr. Pearce has also encouraged his staff to work more closely with GM 's technical staffs to help prevent future litigation . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said the National Aeronautics and Space Administration will negotiate details of a contract valued at about $ 170 million to provide software for the Ames Research Center . 
He is a politician with the courage of true conviction , as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40 % . 
In addition , Mr. Alexander said , the worm sends strange messages to other machines at the center -- such as , `` George Orwell was an optimist , '' or `` Do n't feed the bats tonight . '' 
However , Citicorp said that the average rate fell to 7.962 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.986 % at last week 's sale . 
The state gave CenTrust 30 days to sell the Rubens . 
They dropped 0.4 % as dealers continued to offer rebates to attract customers . 
After the October 1987 market crash , Mr. Brady as a private citizen headed a presidential commission that tried to decide what went wrong and what should be done about it . 
BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , engineering and construction concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city , but its computers were knocked out . 
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion . 
In addition to the new mainframe hardware and software , IBM announced a magnetic-tape system for data storage that it said occupies half as much floor space as older systems but can store five times as much data on a single cartridge . 
They were protecting his interests . '' 
Ned Beatty may portray former California Gov. Pat Brown in a forthcoming epsiode on Caryl Chessman , the last man to be executed in California , in 1960 . 
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis . 
After talking on and off for the past four weeks , Mr. Roman said , he agreed to take the job because `` it 's the right time , it 's a terrific opportunity , and I think I leave the company in very strong hands . 
The project involving Motorola concerns a technique , called X-ray lithography , that figures to be crucial to future generations of memory chips . 
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs . 
Christopher Castleman , LIT chief executive , said in an interview that the loss stemmed from the default of three options traders who had bet on a price rise in UAL Corp. shares before Oct. 13 . 
But investigators could confirm their theory only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport in Iowa . 
The company has made payments of $ 175 million against the original $ 585 million of bank debt incurred in connection with the recapitalization . 
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert . 
The day after that conversation at the residence of the U.S. ambassador , the Brezhnevite editor of Pravda , Victor Afnasjev , was replaced by a college classmate of Mr. Gorbachev 's . 
Some other fare promotions have backfired . 
Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering CD audio disks , audio disk players , videodisks and videodisk players . 
`` What seem to be interpreted as great conflicts are relatively minor issues of tactics , '' he said . 
6:50 a.m . 
As a result , total tax outlays were $ 73.5 million , compared with $ 44.1 million the year earlier . 
The maker of household products said the new dividend is payable Dec. 1 to shares of record Nov. 10 . 
Mr. Ingersoll remains editor in chief of the company 's recently launched daily , the St. Louis Sun . 
Shares of KinderCare Inc. closed at 3 1\/2 , also up 1\/4 , on volume of 700,000 . 
`` They got a transaction that 's good for both companies . '' 
The new services allow U.S. Trust to cater to the `` new wealth , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
Earlier this year , Martin Feldstein , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , argued forcefully that a government that wants steady , stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies . 
Fierce bidding for young employees in Hong Kong is pushing up Cathay 's labor costs by 20 % a year for low-level staff , while experienced , skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain . 
`` The volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual , '' he says . 
In 1972 , the high court swept aside all capital-punishment laws -- federal and state alike -- as unconstitutional . 
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory . 
Observers said the market again failed to find a trading focus , discouraging much participation by investors . 
In one of the most conservative , Republican states in the entire nation , the greening of Robert Redford 's neighbors is the real story that Mr. Tomsho missed . 
The probe , which is painless , non-invasive and apparently harmless , employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain . 
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement . 
She notes that she also stresses professionalism during her weekly visits . 
While TV commercials typically take weeks to produce , advertisers in the past couple of years have learned to turn on a dime , to crash out ads in days or even hours . 
Mr. Agnos declined the invitations , the White House said . 
He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year . 
Then the two camps upped the ante : Reports that Chosen Soren had donated directly to JSP members were rapidly countered by statements that the South Korean residents ' organization had long been donating directly to LDP members . 
Anthony J. Iaciofano , a lawyer for Burlington , said the company believes the Beebes ' symptoms were not related to the carpeting . 
`` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' 
Mr. Friend says his side is `` dead serious . '' 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
The Los Angeles-based bank holding company disclosed last Friday that it had taken a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank , the result of the state 's worsening real-estate market . 
Maybe -- if every senator shared the principles of Mr. Boren . 
Shareholders of International Proteins , a food and agriproducts company , will vote on the transaction at a meeting late next month . 
Matra said the sharp rise in its first-half earnings was based on a 15 % gain in consolidated revenue to 10.16 billion francs from 8.85 billion a year earlier . 
Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters or less -- an increase of 31,777 units . 
He said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is `` slow down the process '' by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers . 
In early trading Wednesday in Tokyo , the Nikkei index rose 19.30 points to 35015.38 . 
Beech Aircraft Corp. , a unit of Raytheon Co. , received an $ 11.5 million Air Force contract for C-12 aircraft support . 
Lone Star 's San Francisco facilities were n't damaged in the quake . 
Ms. Bartlett told her audience that she absolutely did not believe in compromise or in giving in to the client `` because I do n't think you can do watered-down versions of things . '' 
Northeast 's raised bid , which was supported by PS of New Hampshire 's official shareholder committee , is a prelude to what is expected to be a round of higher bids by the other groups trying to acquire the company , the largest utility in New Hampshire . 
`` There 's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy and room rates over the next year , but after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy and regular rates , '' says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana . 
He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge , Conn . 
The availability of these drives , in turn , boosted demand for laptop computers , whose usefulness had been limited because of lack of storage . 
No strikeout , but certainly no home run . 
Atone 
To many Japanese , pachinko is benign or enticingly unsavory . 
He said the company is experimenting with the technique on alfalfa , and plans to include cotton and corn , among other crops . 
Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.4 million and $ 6.9 million , or between 32 cents and 34 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Stocks also rose in London , while the Frankfurt market was mixed . 
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property . 
A spokeswoman said the company will finance the buy-back with cash on hand , borrowing and `` cash Norfolk expects to generate . '' 
The FBI had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until June 
For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp . 
David Evans , who last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. `` for personal reasons '' just as the company filed for bankruptcy-law protection , has been temporarily reappointed to both positions , the company said . 
The new equipment , which will produce steel sheet with more uniform thickness and flatness , is likely to cost more than $ 20 million , the company said . 
Steve Kloves , the young writer and director ( he is n't yet 30 ) , has only one produced picture to his credit ; he wrote the screenplay for `` Racing With the Moon , '' a lovely coming-of-age picture set in the '40s . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index eased 0.13 to 470.67 . 
Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains . 
Their effort has received a lukewarm response from the Justice Department . 
As the news spread that the refineries were intact , crude prices plunged , ending the day at $ 20.56 a barrel , down 19 cents . 
`` It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck . 
This news raised hopes for further interest-rate cuts . 
`` Oil of Olay brought with it the baggage of being used basically by older women who had already aged , '' says David Williams , a consultant with New England Consulting Group . 
If it were n't for Social Security payments , more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line , Mr. Butz said . 
Aer Rianta , the Irish airport authority , could build a cargo terminal in the Soviet Union . 
`` The Bay Area has three very dangerous faults , the San Andreas , the Hayward fault and the Calaveras fault . 
Yesterday 's conference agreement is the second major bill to emerge from negotiations this week , as appropriators approved a fiscal 1990 transportation bill late Monday that includes a sweeping ban on smoking on most domestic airline flights . 
`` My staff indicated that had we made such findings in one of our own institutions , we would have sought an immediate cease-and-desist order to stop the hazardous operations , '' Mr. Seidman said . 
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies . 
He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' 
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday . 
The company said the negative factors are expected to continue into next year . 
Mr. Lippens said the volume of shares changing hands has grown significantly since mid-September . 
Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski . 
Ms. McGlade of PaineWebber raised a more fundamental question about the deal . 
Amid heavy buying of shares in Belgium 's largest insurer , Maurice Lippens also warned in an interview that a white knight , in buying out a raider , could leave speculators with big losses on their AG stock . 
Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal . 
Pretax profit for the year to June 30 rose to # 142.5 million ( $ 224.5 million ) from # 114.7 million ( $ 180.7 million ) , broadly matching analysts ' expectations . 
The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before and after the ad campaign , and found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased or stayed the same . 
Although the half-hour situation comedy seen Mondays at 9:30 p.m . Eastern and Pacific time is n't a candidate for cancellation , it is slated for fine-tuning and by next week the network may announce `` Teddy Z '' is moving to 8:30 p.m. from its 9:30 time slot , replacing `` The People Next Door , '' which became the first network show to be canceled this season . 
Cross & Trecker , a Bloomfield Hills , Mich. , machine-tool maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million . 
The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in Washington ) , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps . 
Assets of these and other short-term funds surged more than $ 5 billion in September , the institute said . 
If the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
Everyone around me lives well . 
Carrying the new message on the road , Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse proportion to the size of the client . 
The state petroleum monopoly said sales in the period gained 15 % , and $ 262.4 million more than originally projected at an average of $ 10 a barrel on an export platform of 1,250,000 barrels a day . 
In sum , the biases ennumerated above indicate a 0.7 percentage point understatement in growth of total real GNP . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York ruling that all manufacturers of an anti-miscarriage drug are liable for injuries or deaths if the actual maker is n't known . 
Even Ms. Johnson herself made that assumption . 
In addition , further packaging of mortgage-backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to . 
Asians and native Americans were n't studied ; Hispanics were included with whites . 
Mr. Guber got his start in the movie business at Columbia two decades ago . 
The Oakland Athletics won baseball 's World Series , defeating the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
Steve Jobs took a step back from the frontier of personal-computer technology in an effort to spur sales of Next Inc. 's new machine . 
Originally the department had reported the August decline as 5 % . 
Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as `` the tire king . '' 
Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 . 
There are more than 650 stocks on which options may be bought and sold , including some over-the-counter stocks . 
Qintex Australia suffered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
This is because a Delaware court earlier this year said that Drexel is entitled to get its money back before or at the same time as the limited partners . 
Renaissance declined to confirm the move , but its stock purchases were thought to have begun Tuesday , timed to coincide with the maturity this week of Treasury bills owned by the firm . 
First Interstate took a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank . 
Takanori Mizuno , chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. , a Tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , `` The junk bond market became very jittery , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies . 
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 505-455 , with 172 unchanged . 
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % . 
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11 % to $ 180 million . 
Two decades ago , the Small Business Administration reported Yale Prof. Albert Reiss 's landmark study of crime against 2,500 small businesses drawn from national IRS records . 
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council . 
Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said . 
The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , to bankers last December . 
But not all strategists or money managers are ready to throw in the towel completely on cyclicals . 
He says the big questions -- `` Do you really need this much money to put up these investments ? Have you told investors what is happening in your sector ? What about your track record ? -- `` are n't asked of companies coming to market . 
Dealers also note that the general lack of enthusiasm for the yen has helped bolster the U.S. dollar . 
In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
`` Brooks Brothers no longer has a lock on the { Ivy League } customer who is status-conscious about his clothes , '' says Charlie Davidson , president of the Andover Shop , a traditional men 's store in Cambridge , Mass . 
CBS itself could run up losses of a few hundred million dollars on four years of various sports if its big gamble goes wrong . 
Eastern has disputed the claim , but a federal district court , an appeals court and now the arbitrator have all sided with the pilots . 
But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later , as soon as allowed , said Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net . 
For harried public-land managers across the nation , the response is increasingly to shut the gates . 
The simplest , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy . 
A week ago , USAir stock briefly soared above 52 after a report in USA Today that Mr. Steinhardt might launch a hostile bid for the carrier , though takeover speculators say they were skeptical . 
The legislation and other issues related to the stock market will be the focus of hearings this week by the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee and the Senate Securities Subcommittee . 
Foiled in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states . 
EXXON Corp. , New York , oil company , NYSE , said its refinery northeast of San Francisco was operating at a slightly reduced rate as a precaution in case of aftershocks . 
Plaintiffs , he says , will argue that damaged structures were n't built to proper design standards . 
Before the 1987 crash , the P\/E was more than 20 . 
Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . 
These critics are backed by several academic studies showing that the adoption of poison pills reduces shareholder values not merely in the short run , but also over longer periods . 
Consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues . 
Now it 's getting downright dangerous . 
MCI Communications Corp . 
Within a few minutes , the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear . 
Now , Maxwell founder Robert Maxwell says he has an appetite for new acquisitions in the U.S. , adding that he could spend `` a good deal more '' than $ 1 billion on another U.S. purchase . 
`` We do n't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn . '' 
By next year , all underwriters will be linked to a communications network that could reduce paper work on claims . 
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
Whatever the difficulties , Mr. Gorbachev remains committed to increasing foreign trade . 
And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids . 
Some major U.S. trade partners quickly rejected a compromise proposal by Bush to liberalize trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
According to testimony in a public , 80-page grand-jury report handed up to the state attorney general , Judge O'Kicki extorted cash from lawyers , muscled favorable loans from banks and bullied local businesses for more than a decade . 
In compact and subcompact cars , the bread-and-butter sales generators for Japanese auto makers , Nissan still trails Toyota and Honda . 
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
Mr. Wolf has eschewed merger advice from a major Wall Street securities firm , relying instead only on a takeover lawyer , Peter Atkins of Skadden Arps Slate Meagher & Flom . 
Thus , a court is poorly positioned to make judgments about the social utility of the expanded rule . 
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous . 
That put the `` seven '' of Oct. 17 in perspective for me . 
Some Monday-morning quarterbacks said the initial lower bid , without junk bonds , was a factor in his losing the company . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
Cars ca n't move because of overflowing sewers . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. said it suspended indefinitely its common stock dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful increase in operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. business , '' he said . 
COOPER COMPANIES INC. , Palo Alto , medical products maker , annual sales of $ 628 million , NYSE , had little damage and was in full operation yesterday . 
ACQUISITION : 
In early trading , investors were bidding bond prices higher as stocks tumbled and fears mounted that Friday 's stock market debacle would be repeated . 
He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . 
`` I 'm certain that in the course of the hearings the names { of the senators } will be brought out , '' Mr. Gonzalez says . 
Travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age . 
They 'd like to see some other names in their portfolios , '' said Michael S. Appelbaum , first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
`` It 's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts . '' 
`` There is no question that investor confidence ( in the stock market ) is critical . '' 
CompuServe provides about 20 % of both sales and earnings . 
The noncallable issue was priced to yield 105 basis points above the Treasury 's fiveyear note . 
We think it is n't such a great burden , that it carries no stigma , and we are prepared to do it . '' 
`` I 'm not looking for a runaway Christmas at all , '' he says . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3426.33 , up 
This trader said that he thought the market would turn aggressively bullish from a technical standpoint if the December contract was able to exceed 75.75 cents . 
But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month . 
You see , I know my father would have wished me to carry on just now . '' 
At the end of the very week in which Mr. Korotich was called to the Central Committee , Ogonyok was again demonstrating its independence by printing a poll that showed that 35 % of the Soviet population , a plurality , believed that Mr. Gorbachev 's economic reforms , perestroika , would result in only insignificant change . 
-- PRICES . 
Robert J. McManus 
Not a lot was needed to be done . 
Repeat customers also can purchase luxury items at reduced prices . 
In the statement , Mr. Skase said that on the basis of current interest rates in Australia , the company 's asset sales would reduce interest expense by about A$ 120 million a year in addition to eliminating certain liabilities . 
Following are excerpts from the electronic traffic that night . 
The derivative suit is similar to a class-action complaint filed earlier this year . 
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw , in an attempt to buy time , might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene , who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984 . 
A non-invasive method is being researched by biophysicist Lynn Jelinski at the AT&T unit . 
He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds . 
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks . 
Northrop 's interest expense also soared to $ 35 million from $ 17 million a year ago . 
Investors are appealing to the Securities and Exchange Commission not to limit their access to information about stock purchases and sales by corporate insiders . 
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field . 
Supporters of poison pills argue that their adoption forces bidders to negotiate with a corporation 's directors , who are thereby put in a better position to pursue the long-term interests of the corporation . 
For example , Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well , a new food and health magazine due out next summer . 
`` His { Phelan 's } own interests are in building an electronic marketplace , '' said a market maker . 
Union Tank Car Co. , offering of $ 100 million of equipment trust certificates , via Salomon Brothers . 
Delta problems are difficult , not impossible , to solve -- I am just not convinced that we are ready to solve them yet . 
Assets as of Sept. 30 fell to $ 2.46 billion from about $ 2.77 billion . 
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige . 
Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 . 
To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss . 
Fannie Mae , a federally chartered , shareholder-owned corporation , operates a secondary market for mortgage loans , buying loans from lenders , packaging some into securities for sale to investors and keeping the rest in its portfolio . 
`` A similar result could sometimes be achieved , at less cost , by changing managements , '' he said . 
The exchange put a bit of a damper on program trading when , last year , it simply started to publish monthly statistics of each firm 's program-trading volume . 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does . 
Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could `` lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , '' Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year . 
Western New Mexico Telephone , Silver City , had net income of $ 1.9 million on revenue of about $ 10 million last year . 
PWA did n't disclose the expected net cost of the fleet overhaul , but a Toronto-based analyst estimated it at about $ 450 million ( US ) , excluding replacement costs for the 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA plans to sell , and purchase costs for as many as 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft that PWA previously ordered . 
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high-yield market . 
Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise in selling today 's myriad financial products . 
The centers are complete with maps detailing utility lines beneath rides and `` safe havens '' where people can be assembled away from major structures . 
In an interview and in congressional testimony , he repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- as evidence of the need for Congress to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market . 
It is to offer 1,800 francs for shares created on July 1 , which receive partial dividends . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 . 
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement . 
Corporate leaders , frustrated by double-digit increases in health-care costs , are beginning to sound like liberal Democrats . 
Refining and marketing operations earned $ 130 million in the quarter this year , compared with earnings of $ 186 million a year earlier that included $ 18 million in charges for environmental programs . 
It finished at 467.22 , down 3.45 . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
Nor has Beijing hinted to its citizens that it will publish the identities of those killed . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Oncor , a six-year-old developer of genetic medical tests , projects that the cancer test will help it to post its first-ever profit during the first quarter of 1990 , Mr. Turner said . 
Paramount Domestic TV and MCA TV formed a joint venture last month , named Premier Advertiser Sales , to sell advertising in programs syndicated by both companies , such as `` Star Trek : the Next Generation , '' `` Charles in Charge '' and `` Friday the 13th : the Series . '' 
It makes only a handful of abortion-related decisions . 
One concerns Japanese investors . 
By removing the hedges and some walls , the Bryant Park Restoration is opening it up . 
But USAir might not want to help Mr. Steinhardt , he adds . 
Iverson Technology is one of many small defense contractors besieged by the slowdown in defense spending . 
For example , the group could offer $ 200 a share in cash plus stock valued at $ 30 a share . 
`` Apparently the commission did not really believe in this ideal . '' 
Meanwhile , some California issues were down a touch more than the broad market , but traders said there had n't been much investor selling because of the quake . 
Intel 's microprocessors are the chips of choice in many of today 's personal computers and the 80486 microprocessor is the spearhead of the company 's bid to guard that spot in the next generation of machines . 
Until 1963 , it was good soil . 
Ford 's latest move increases the pressure on GM to complete its current talks with Jaguar quickly . 
Della Femina had billings of just $ 660 million last year and ranked as the U.S. 's 24th-largest ad agency . 
Not to judge by `` Settle the Score , '' in which Mr. Sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own . 
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 821-201 , with 103 unchanged . 
The stock fell 75 cents . 
Officials proposed a cut in the defense budget this year to 70.9 billion rubles ( US$ 114.3 billion ) from 77.3 billion rubles ( US$ 125 billion ) as well as large cuts in outlays for new factories and equipment . 
NEWHALL LAND & FARMING Co. , Valencia , Calif. , announced a 2-for-1 split in the real estate limited partnership 's units and increased its regular quarterly cash distribution 33 % , to 40 cents a unit . 
He continues to reshuffle the team , trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks . 
When asked for a copy of the transcript , Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum . 
Those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims , are expected to total about $ 16 million . 
Broad acceptance of Next 's computer also is hindered by difficulty in distributing software for it . 
A serious charge -- that star flanker Irving Fryar `` threw '' the 1984 Orange Bowl game by intentionally dropping a pass in the end zone -- is included , even though the Nebraska assistant coach quoted denied making it . 
Yesterday 's rally in the stock , futures and options markets led CBOE and Amex officials to conclude that the $ 50 million in guarantees almost certainly wo n't need to be tapped by First Options . 
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system . 
The company said it would resort far less often to slashing prices to woo shoppers . 
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 801.2 million ) , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 . 
The talks may drag on for weeks before any concrete result is announced , people familiar with them said . 
Such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says Nomura 's Mr. Littleboy . 
The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds approved by the House-Senate conference yesterday , and the rush of money is already provoking jealousy among states competing for assistance . 
The 11 banks in the syndicate sustained no monetary losses because none of the credit facility had been drawn down . 
The administration also made clear its continuing distate for the leftist Nicaraguan government in recent days , endorsing a package of electoral aid to the Nicaraguan opposition , renewing the U.S. trade embargo against the country and continuing to complain that the country supports rebel groups in the region . 
Texas Instruments , which had reported Friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 30 % from the year-ago level , went down 2 1\/8 to 33 on 1.1 million shares . 
Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : `` 1,430 pounds of ammunition , '' he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on `` unidentified aircraft , '' flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet . 
I 've invited the president to send his suggestions to the committee . '' 
In other European markets , share prices closed sharply higher in Frankfurt and Zurich and posted moderate rises in Stockholm , Amsterdam and Milan . 
The understatement of growth is due largely to the conservative expedients adopted to deal with deficiencies in basic economic data . 
The account billed almost $ 60 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers . 
The committee intends to meet next week to make a recommendation on the new plan . 
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets . 
Right now , the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $ 101,250 . 
As many economists and businessmen see it , those incongruities underscore a paradox that seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990s . 
With inflation surging , the pound began falling against the mark . 
Taming the union complements previous moves by the government to attract private investment in petrochemicals , which Mexico has been forced to import in large quantities in recent years . 
And try plying new dollars free in a market that is softening , hurt by a strong dollar and concerned about overcapacity -- the industry 's Darth Vadar . 
Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer . 
That `` suggests the manufacturing sector is not falling apart , '' said Sally Kleinman , an economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. in New York . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 
Other weak blue-chip issues included Chevron , which went down 2 to 64 7\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.3 million shares ; Goodyear Tire & Rubber , off 1 1\/2 to 46 3\/4 , and American Express , down 3\/4 to 37 1\/4 . 
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
Mr. Azoff has n't named the company yet , but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner . 
`` The credit for income taxes is a result of having provided deferred income taxes applicable to the sold assets at the higher income tax rates in effect in prior years , '' the sellers said . 
The association said its October index of economic activity rose to 51.6 % after having been below 50 % for three consecutive months . 
Mr. Freind calculates that the provision , which attacks the trimester standards that Roe established , will `` make it necessary '' for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it . 
He also owes a lot of back taxes , interest and civil fraud penalties . 
Those obsolete operations cost less than $ 2 billion a year , and keep Mac 's ghost quiet . 
Two Air Force facilities near Sacramento , and Travis Air Force Base , 50 miles northeast of San Francisco , were designated to serve as medical-airlift centers . 
In 17 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills mandating health coverage or parental leave . 
But he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa . 
The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % in 1988 , and shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year . 
Various cultural and economic forces have suppressed demand . 
`` We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , '' says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi . 
If you are a salaried man , Amen ! 100 % captured . 
A United spokesman said 14 of its 21 gates were unusable , mainly because of water damage caused when a sprinkler system was triggered by the tremors . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
TW Services dropped 1 1\/4 to 31 1\/4 following the postponement of a $ 1.4 billion junk-bond offering that would have permitted Coniston Partners to complete its takeover of the company . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly half a point , or about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Moreover , Japanese offices tend to use computers less efficiently than American offices do . 
Japanese auto makers are known for coming up with funny names , but this year the practice seems to have reached a new high -- or low . 
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive . 
The heavy buying in the last half hour led the specialists to take special steps . 
But analysts say the company is also trying to prevent further price drops . 
In the play , the Duke of Vienna despairs over the licentiousness of his subjects and turns over the rule of the city to the puritanical Angelo , hoping he can set things right . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Iverson agreed to buy exclusive rights to a software system developed by Visher Systems Inc. , Salt Lake City . 
Robert Borden Santa Monica , Calif . 
The S&P futures are merely a `` cheaper and quicker '' way to get access to all 500 stocks , he says . 
Akzo also makes products derived from salt , such as chlorine and caustic soda . 
Culver City Redevelopment Financing Authority , Calif. -- $ 145 million of revenue bonds , Series 1989 , tentatively priced by a Stone & Youngberg group . 
The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading . 
Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , `` They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte . 
Both posts had been vacant . 
In China , a great number of workers are engaged in pulling out the male organs of rice plants using tweezers , and one-third of rice produced in that country is grown from hybrid seeds . 
Some analysts believe China soon will begin relaxing economic controls , particularly by loosening credit . 
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
MINOR MEMOS : 
Marshall 's ghost is satisfied for now , but he 'll be back . 
NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership . 
But Sen. Mitchell , buoyed by his victory among fellow Democrats , strongly disagreed . 
Moody 's said it also lowered the ratings of $ 70 million of Pinnacle 's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits to B-3 from B-2 , and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa . 
A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines . 
`` There has been a tremendous increase '' in MMI positions , Mr. Selkin said . 
Both companies are conservative marketers that rely on extensive market research . 
The dollar is still highly volatile . 
He was , in fact , taking an especially keen interest in board matters even before he went to the treasury . 
The change in expected cash distributions from the Champs real estate investment trust stems from a revised estimate of administrative costs , said Jay R. Cohen , Champs executive vice president . 
His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring , a character who also appeared in Chandler 's `` The Long Goodbye '' and `` Playback . '' 
Tan Sri Basir said the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia 's Capital Issues Committee and central bank . 
While Shearson does n't do computer-guided program trading for its own account , the firm does execute orders for clients involved in the buying and selling of shares tied to movements in certain stock indexes , Mr. DaPuzzo acknowledged . 
Hercules dropped 2 5\/8 to 41 3\/4 on one million shares -- about six times its average daily trading volume -- after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report . 
The regional Federal Reserve Bank setup , for instance , may be out of date . 
The deficit-reduction bill became snagged over efforts to streamline the House version of the legislation in advance of a House-Senate conference . 
Some of the biggest service-industry exporters -- American financial-service companies , for example -- have yet to be fully included in our export statistics . 
One building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby . 
Mr. Terrizzi confirms some clients have left Renaissance , but no major ones , and the firm has added new accounts . 
One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises . 
Computer-generated videos help . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange said it fined Capcom Futures Inc. $ 500,000 and accepted its withdrawal from membership as part of a settlement of disciplinary actions against the firm . 
These days , Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday 's harrowing morning session . 
Unlikely as it may seem , tiny , politically neutral Ireland has penetrated the mighty Soviet airline bureaucracy . 
The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market . 
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
Officials at some Rockefeller units are said to be unhappy with the agreement . 
But at least Burger King has signed on , and says that by year end it wo n't be using any shell eggs . 
We suspect that Justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of RICO can guarantee an end to injustices in its name . 
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen . 
I read that one unnamed athletics director predicted that the basketball-cutback proposal could fail because of `` real world '' ( i.e. , economic ) considerations . 
LIN would have a priority right to pursue all opportunities to acquire U.S. cellular interests in markets other than those in which McCaw holds an interest , or which are contiguous to those markets , unless LIN has an interest there or contiguous to it . 
In a letter to the BPCA , kelly\/varnell called this `` arbitrary and amateurish . '' 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % . 
But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped . 
One group says the futures contribute to stock market volatility ; the other contends that futures are a sideshow of speculation that detracts from the stock market 's basic function of raising capital . 
The company noted that the year-ago period was particularly strong , with an increase of nearly 70 % . 
Hiroshima officials said they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it . 
Municipals ended mixed , while mortgage-backed and investment-grade corporate bonds rose . 
One big problem has been the thoroughbred racehorse market . 
In 1986 , he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff 's president that they both raise fares 20 % . 
In response to the study , the FAA says it is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants . 
`` He did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score . 
Leslie Falls Humphries 
`` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , '' he says . 
Democrats counter that the Republicans have often used the same rules to suit their own ends . 
The board has 10 business days to respond . 
The implications for Britain , France and the rest of Europe of having their currencies tied to the economic policy of a neutral country need considering before we judge Mr. Lawson 's resignation to be unfortunate . 
In a convertible mortgage , the investor lends the building owner a certain amount in return for the option to convert its interest into equity , usually less than 50 % , at the end of the loan term . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the 400 funds fell to 8.14 % from 8.21 % , Donoghue 's reported . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says . 
Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here . 
Amstrad 's profit after taxes fell a similarly steep 51 % , to # 51.1 million from # 105 million a year earlier . 
The official poverty threshold is set by the Office of Management and Budget . 
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says . 
Signs of revival seem evident in Hong Kong 's hard-hit hotel sector . 
Meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value . 
`` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . 
The purchase of the additional 48 % stake is expected to cost more than 11 billion francs ( $ 1.77 billion ) . 
In Japan , about 1 % are linked . 
A substantial warming would melt some of the Earth 's polar ice caps , raising the level of the oceans and causing widespread flooding of heavily populated coastal areas . 
But it is estimated that at least three million barrels a day -- and possibly as much as seven million barrels a day -- of spare capacity still exists within OPEC . 
The securities yield from 9.35 % to 10.48 % for a 30-year issue with an average life of 21.18 years . 
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers . 
`` I guess I was naive , '' he said . 
The one-year LIBOR rate yesterday was 8 7\/16 % . 
And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night . 
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches . 
Friday 's volume on the First Section was estimated at one billion shares , up from 862 million Thursday . 
Christie 's will soon have a sale of Dada and Symbolist art while Sotheby 's is luring collectors with sales of Swiss , German , Spanish , Australian and Canadian paintings . 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
`` You have to be born with it . 
`` It was a very nervous day , '' said John Geary , partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth , Geary . 
He shut down the company 's tony New York headquarters . 
Although they do n't contemplate delivering any disabling blows , he says that Mr. Alexander will be asked to sign a release from liability , just in case . 
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said it plans to introduce next year a new line of sunglasses containing melanin , the pigment that protects against damage from ultraviolet rays . 
But the EC reacted defiantly , arguing that the proposal 's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy , the EC 's $ 28 billion-a-year price support program . 
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century . 
`` Total merchant banking exposures are in excess of the firm 's equity . 
A second problem is the persistent frustration of false alarms , which can make urban police less than enthusiastic about responding to calls from small businesses . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . 
As a result , competitors say Renaissance has been looking for any opportunity to return to the stock market , rather than risk losing business by continuing to remain fully invested in Treasury bills . 
Dean Witter now recommends 85 % , Goldman 65 % and Merrill Lynch 50 % . 
The government said it would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo . 
Separately , a third conference report covering an $ 18.4 billion Treasury and Postal Service bill was sent to the Senate after passing the House on a 383-30 roll call yesterday . 
The panels are like oversized semiconductors surfaced with a million or more picture elements , each contributing to the color and tone of a TV image . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were ahead of gainers , 1,012 to 501 . 
The divested Courtaulds textile operations had operating profit of # 50 million on # 980 million in revenue in the year ended March 31 . 
QUOTABLE : 
The GOP doubters were in Congress . 
The purchases increased his stake to 16.2 % of the shares outstanding . 
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid . 
If Japanese companies are so efficient , why does Kawasaki-Rikuso Transportation Co. sometimes need a week just to tell its clients how soon it can ship goods from here to Osaka ? 
These days Nissan can afford that strategy , even though profits are n't exactly robust . 
It 's much cheaper than permanent insurance bought at the same age . 
( The lower house 's five-year term expires in January ; the Parliament 's upper house is appointed . ) 
That 's because it reduces the cost of the stock by the amount of premium received from the sale of the call . 
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . 
The nation 's fourth-largest steelmaker earned $ 18.3 million , or 43 cents a share , compared with $ 61 million , or $ 1.70 a share , a year earlier , when the industry was enjoying peak demand and strong pricing . 
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
Federal officials who had been probing the bank for months arranged a merger with European-American Bank & Trust , owned by six foreign banks , to avert the closedown . 
Whittle Communications Limited Partnership , Knoxville , Tenn. , will launch its first media property targeting Hispanic women . 
The troubled savings-and-loan industry and subsequent stress in real-estate businesses fueled bankruptcies in this sector , D&B said . 
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on `` the continuing need for this organization , '' which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War . 
Per-share net rose to 44.08 yen from 36.13 yen . 
The company said the situation in the U.S. is still uncertain as reduced production in the country 's automotive industry has resulted in weakened demand for rolling bearings . 
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical . 
Some in the market question whether Campeau will be in a position to pay bills at that time . 
In any case , says Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute , `` We 're witnessing the discovery of one of the most important steps in the genesis of cancer . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
`` Champ '' Chandler 's last pitch , apparently , was a screwball . 
Then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee , then at the University of Utah , found the answer . 
This measure had dropped sharply in August . 
Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12 % . 
RJR 's subordinated discount debentures of 2001 , which traded as low as 45 Friday , finished the day at 46 7\/8 . 
But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts . 
Pacific Telesis says its Pacific Bell unit also was blocking about 50 % of its calls locally . 
All of this comes ahead of the government 's big quarterly refunding of the federal debt , which takes place sometime in November . 
Cargill thinks that even though the merchant has a contract stating that it wo n't bring this cocoa to market until after March 1991 , there is some evidence the contract has been modified . 
Figures do n't include taxes or transaction costs . 
I think a lot of people got scared and stayed home . '' 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Moscom closed at $ 4.375 , up 37.5 cents . 
The AFL-CIO also embraces treatment guidelines . 
He was found not guilty of three charges , involving accusations that he had improperly disclosed information about a sensitive , government investigation . 
But the complex language is n't the only reason . 
Instead , the GAO and the Congressional Budget Office said , the RTC should consider using Treasury debt , which is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress . 
Or , the investor can exercise the put , by tendering the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock . 
Texaco said profit rose 11 % in the quarter , partly due to a massive restructuring . 
For instance , Ifint earlier this year bought an 18 % stake in Alisarda , the Aga Khan 's airline , which flies between Italy and Sardinia . 
In the meantime , Russia gave Nicaragua another powerful radio transmitter , which has been installed in the city of Esteli . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 416,000 , down $ 36,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
TW Services Inc. posted a $ 3.3 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 24.9 million profit , reflecting $ 60 million of expenses related to its much-publicized proposed takeover by Coniston Partners . 
Jaguar was boosted 21 to 715 on follow-through buying after Ford Motor 's announcement Tuesday that it might be prepared to mount a full bid for the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
A slim majority ( 51 % ) think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989 . 
Statistics from 12 countries which normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales showed new car registrations totaled 911,606 in September , down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date . 
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said . 
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate . 
Revenue edged up 3.4 % to $ 904 million from $ 874 million in last year 's third quarter . 
In major market activity : 
Some institutional traders loved the wild ride . 
The most recent sales do n't appear to be option-related , he said . 
Rochester Telephone said the acquisition was made in an exchange of its common shares for all the shares of Urban Telephone , but a price was n't disclosed . 
It comes up with a toned-down version of a Democratic proposal . 
`` Sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values . '' 
Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets , including Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Wellington , Seoul and Manila . 
In addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession . 
CNBC is available to 13 million cable households . 
The issue is expected to receive a double-A rating from Moody 's , the underwriter said . 
In an interview in New York , Mr. Breene , fresh from a Concorde flight from Paris where executives had worked through most of the night , outlined big plans for the new agency . 
`` As that wanes , you 're going to see the stocks probably wane as well , '' he says . 
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month . 
Philip Morris Cos. , New York , adopted a defense measure designed to make a hostile takeover prohibitively expensive . 
Stock prices rose slightly as trading slowed , while bonds ended little changed despite a slumping dollar . 
Many other tax benefits also were swept away . 
We have very exciting prospects for far more impressive advances in the treatment of colon cancer during the years immediately ahead . 
Inefficient-Market Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her and of his employer , and declares `` I trusted . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Mr. Perlman , who is also acting chief financial officer and the odds-on favorite to become the next chief executive , said the company is achieving `` modest positive cash flow from operations , and we expect that to continue into 1990 . '' 
Our traditional project loans have , for instance , supported sensible energy pricing in the power sector , sound interest-rate policies in the credit area and the operation of public utilities as efficient , autonomous agencies . 
Brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory . 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
He said he expects IBM to unveil similar strategies for other industries in coming months . 
The agency noted , however , the estimate will likely be confirmed . 
The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion and $ 19 billion annually , but economist Michael Evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Diamond-Star Motors Corp. , a joint venture of Chrysler Corp. and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will begin shipping Mitsubishi Eclipse cars to Japan next week , emulating other Japanese auto ventures shipping U.S.-built vehicles back to Japan . 
To lure buyers to the Chicago & North Western bonds , portfolio managers said Donaldson Lufkin sweetened the transaction by offering the bonds with a resettable interest rate and a 10 % equity kicker . 
Manufacturers , too , are stretching further to lure buyers . 
Lucas Industries PLC , a British maker of industrial parts and systems , reported a 28 % rise in pretax profit for the year to July 31 , helped in particular by a 32 % jump in operating profit at its aerospace division . 
Also late last week , UAL flight attendants agreed to participate with the pilots in crafting a revised offer . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division said it is offering $ 750 cash incentives on all 1990 models of its full-size Blazer and Suburban truck lines . 
`` We ca n't do without their help , '' says Mrs. Conradie . 
Mr. Ross , who has been studying retail investors ' perception of risks in the brokerage industry , said a market plunge like Friday 's `` shatters investors ' confidence in their ability to make any judgments on the market . '' 
`` What happened in the stock market and the bigger trade deficit '' reported yesterday `` make it unlikely that short-term interest rates will rise '' any time soon , said Mr. Mehl of Banxquote . 
`` This is a rare case of a company with a big majority holder which will probably act in the interests of the minority holders , '' one investor says . 
Fredric Russell , a money manager in Tulsa , Okla. , says Friday 's cave-in `` is going to have more of a permanent impact on the psyche of many investors than Wall Street would want to admit . '' 
Merck & Co . 
But , I have to tell you that it seems to me that the conceptual base of the current program is flawed and the program is not likely to work . 
It said , however , that net income for the two-month period ended Aug. 31 plunged to $ 150,000 from $ 851,000 in the prior year on a 33 % rise in revenue to $ 21.4 million . 
There is a huge divide between Mr. Allen 's we're-all-in-this-together view and the divisive litigation approach of the civil rights groups . 
Despite the Orange Workers ' intention to put them all out of work , they are in no hurry to leave . 
According to the transcript , Mr. Lorin said Mr. Laff should be killed after Mr. Aslanian told him that information given to Mr. Laff by another conspirator could jeopardize the stock scheme . 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
The pilots ' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve . 
AMR had weighed a wide range of possible responses , from flat rejection to recapitalizations and leveraged buy-outs that might have included either employees , a friendlier buyer such as Texas billionaire Robert Bass , or both . 
Profit for its commercial insurance division fell 30 % to $ 59 million , reflecting higher catastrophe losses and the price war in the property\/casualty market for nearly three years . 
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
But sales of domestic cars and trucks at Nissan Motor Corp. rose 26.1 % to 5,651 . 
In major market activity : Stock prices slumped in sluggish trading . 
Mr. Nazer , the Saudi oil minister , reiterated here that the kingdom would insist on maintaining its percentage share of OPEC production under any quota revisions . 
The suites are air-conditioned , have wet bars and plush seating , and offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size and location . 
Index arbitragers argue that their trading is healthy because it links markets , but critics say such trading accelerates market movements and increases the chance for a crash . 
The committee gave the government until Nov. 15 to revise the proposal . 
The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which `` opens up a phenomenal market for us , '' said Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive . 
But many of his statements on the issue in Parliament subsequently were proven wrong by documentary evidence . 
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced . 
HOMESTAKE MINING CO. , San Francisco , gold and general miner , annual sales of $ 432.6 million , NYSE , said its headquarters was closed yesterday because of power failures and lack of water , but that it may reopen today . 
Next month , Northwest Airlines says , a 108-year-old Lansing , Mich. , woman is taking it up on the offer to fly with her 72-year-old son to Tampa , Fla . 
Dictaphone Corp. says there 's a big business demand for its voice-activated taping systems , whether the sophisticated Veritrac 9000 system , which costs from $ 10,000 to $ 120,000 and can record 240 conversations simultaneously , or simple handheld units selling for $ 395 . 
He added , however , that inflation could be brought down `` close to zero '' without throwing the economy into a recession . 
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
Brawls between union factions still erupt at Pemex installations . 
The group currently holds 3,027,330 Rally 's shares , or 45.2 % of its commmon shares outstanding . 
`` I 'm afraid of a popular revolt if this situation is n't corrected , '' he adds . 
In the Senate , Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months . 
Mr. Regan warned mayoral candidates `` to be prepared for limited options and constraints on service increases to address the city 's problems in the next few years , due to the now-evident weakening in the New York City economy . '' 
Mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily . 
Dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the October transaction period . 
Environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public-relations attempt to head off a White House proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner-burning fuels by 1997 . 
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years . 
`` It was a healthy cleansing , '' says Michael Holland , who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York . 
In May , Rep. Don Edwards ( D. Calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard . 
Planners of the Urban Land Institute real estate conference this week hastily added a panel on the quake 's effects . 
McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships . 
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers . 
The company made and marketed the Dalkon Shield in the early 1970s amid mounting evidence that it could cause serious injuries . 
First Boston is one of the few major Wall Street firms that have n't pulled back from program trading in recent days . 
State-controlled Orkem already owns 40.6 % of Coates . 
That helped persuade the company to introduce a new advertising slogan : `` A warm hug from Campbell 's . '' 
Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales , but the official said it does n't necessarily mean that local sales contracts are increasing that markedly . 
Today , after Mr. Freeman 's plea , there is an uncertainty that is both unfair and inefficient . 
Not only that , Sony also agreed to give them a stake in Columbia 's future profits and buy their company , Guber Peters Entertainment Co. , for $ 200 million , almost 40 % more than the market value of the company . 
News programs , particularly if they score well in the ratings , appeal to the networks ' cost-conscious corporate parents because they are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 for a one-hour program . 
The Lloyd 's market actively underwrites insurance just 4 1\/2 hours a day , brokers say . 
For example , President James A. Garfield is entombed here , the victim of an assassination in 1881 . 
The law firm has filed a friend-of-the-court brief jointly with the Washington Legal Foundation , a conservative legal group . 
`` He 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . '' 
The Senate bill contains many provisions that will increase the costs of trading . 
Sen. Pete Domenici ( R. , N.M. ) , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , used his influence to preserve more than $ 132,000 in subsidies for air service to Sante Fe , N.M. , and more than $ 2.1 million would go for service to eight communities in the western Nebraska district of GOP Rep. Virginia Smith on the House Appropriations Committee . 
It was the Senate Republicans , though , who had edged away from the veto strategy . 
In its new ad campaign , created by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Inc. , Chicago , the ski industry is trying to change its image as a sport primarily for young white people . 
British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . 
Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance . 
Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 , NMTBA said . 
Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules . 
Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s and it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 or 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus , Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti and Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions . 
Quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
All parts of the issue are callable at any time at par . 
The company said in a statement that `` demand for IBM products and services continues to be good world-wide . 
The directors added that the two executives have n't reached a final decision to proceed with a bid and that until an offer is made the board will continue seeking higher offers from other bidders . 
In numerous parks near San Francisco , rangers have been forced to close trails , set up speed traps and use radar guns to curb fast and reckless riding . 
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering . 
In September 1988 , that level was 9.5 % . 
Reggie Jackson , the retired baseball star , has found another use for them . 
Himont is 81%-owned by Montedison S.p . A. of Milan , Italy . 
Why Mr. Jackson , who could n't be reached for comment , has made some of his checks available for sale is n't clear . 
It stopped selling a standard personal computer a while ago . 
Oil-tool prices are even edging up . 
Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem . 
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said . 
For interstate highways , the federal share normally would drop to 90 % of the cost of repairs , and the state would have to pick up the remainder of the cost . 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134,750,000 of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via competitive bid . 
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 . 
But Mr. Ruffo frets that an even bigger problem could be protectionism from the U.S. , where some politicians oppose what they consider Japanese efforts to use maquiladoras to crack the U.S. market through the back door . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
`` I 'm not sure what 's going to happen , '' he said . 
The Dow Jones Transportation Average fell 49.96 to close at 1254.27 . 
Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products primarily made by Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp . 
The move is consistent with a trend for corporate legal staffs to do more work in-house , instead of farming it out to law firms . 
One hundred and ninety two former greats , near greats , hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida . 
The city 's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling . 
Standard cases would require less judicial attention , and fast-track cases could be resolved quickly . 
Ciba-Geigy AG , the big Swiss chemicals company , said that it agreed in a letter of intent with Corning Inc. to acquire Corning 's 50 % share of Ciba Corning Diagnostics Corp. , based in Medfield , Mass . 
Analysts hailed the planned transaction as being beneficial to Armstrong and Shaw , the market leader in the U.S. carpet industry , with an estimated 17 % to 20 % share . 
British Satellite today is unveiling a # 30 million advertising and promotional drive for the consortium 's planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows . 
But a chance to fill out sales-tax records is rarely one of them . 
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road . 
Nine-month net climbed 19 % to $ 174.8 million , or $ 2.21 a primary share , from $ 147.5 million , or $ 1.94 a share . 
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country . 
Towering overcapacity in the synthetic fiber business , which accounted for half of the Dutch chemical company 's sales , led to huge losses and left Akzo 's survival in doubt . 
Unlike the earlier U.S. farm-trade proposal which struck European countries as too extreme , the latest plan would provide some room for maneuver . 
LIN added 5\/8 to 110 5\/8 and McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 . 
Some of America 's biggest trading partners gave a quick thumbs-down to a U.S. proposal to liberalize world trade and reduce farm-product subsidies . 
He should chop out both unconstitutional provisions and budget pork . 
These firms are pioneers in a significant new trend in the corporate world : the rise of what I call corporate due process . 
Givaudan Far East Ltd. , a Swiss concern that sells chemicals to shampoo and soap factories in China , typifies the problems . 
The art collection might have come to rival the Medicis ' had the Florida comptroller 's office not got wind of Mr. Paul 's aesthetic adventure . 
That 's an important distinction because some analysts and brokers , who perennially predict that small stocks are about to outperform bigger issues , may use any spurt in growth issues to help them sell all small stocks . 
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
As a consultant , he has given seminars at agencies including Ogilvy & Mather on how to win new business . 
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 . 
IBM rose 2 3\/8 to 104 1\/8 as 2.2 million shares changed hands . 
Now , callers are led through complex menus of choices to retrieve information they want , and the hardware can process 10,000 calls in 90 seconds . 
New Jersey Bell awaits state clearance . 
U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal . 
Bob Chandross , chief economist at Lloyds Bank in New York , also noted that the pound 's sharp decline is pegged more to uncertainty in the market than a vision of altered United Kingdom economic policies . 
James L. Madson , 46 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals . 
He said the government will also repeal the 1 % transaction tax on the first-time purchase of stakes in companies . 
`` It has never been interested in what we think . 
Rep. Bates said he would write the letters as ordered . 
Mr. Brady has said he thought government agencies in the latest market drop were better prepared to coordinate their actions , but he has left no doubt that he still likes the ideas the commission advanced nearly two years ago . 
NORTH SIDE SAVINGS BANK directors declared an initial dividend of 10 cents a share , payable Dec. 5 to stock of record Nov. 21 . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
In August , Omni unexpectedly bought Inspectorate 's 80 % stake in Harpener AG of West Germany , a land-rich company . 
The result is a $ 45 billion market , according to Securities Data Co . 
More ominous to SDI supporters , the Bush administration appears to have tacitly accepted a new arms-control proposal from the Soviet Union that spells long-term trouble for Star Wars . 
`` Thank goodness it 's happening . 
To further complicate relief efforts , the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation . 
You lead readers to believe that the House reduced the capital-gains tax for two years only . 
The year-earlier results have been restated to reflect an accounting change . 
But there 's a catch . 
Prime Minister Gandhi tells the Indian Parliament , `` ... neither I nor any member of my family has received any consideration in these transactions . 
`` It 's impossible to put an exact figure on it at this time . '' 
In addition , it 's toying with an approach that would impose health-expenditure ceilings or budgets on the government as a whole and on individual states as a way to slow health-care spending . 
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four-game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games . 
Similarly , a Purdue University team led by heart researcher W.A. Tacker hopes to develop ways to magnetically induce cardiac muscle contractions . 
For the nine months , net increased 14 % to $ 217.5 million , or $ 3.09 a share . 
`` We 're not running that ad campaign any more , '' Mr. Straszheim snaps in a rare show of irritation . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities named Masahiro Dozen president . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading , stock in Georgia Gulf , which has been mentioned as a takeover candidate , rose $ 2.125 a share to close at $ 46.125 . 
The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris . 
Eventually , Texaco , which was forced into bankruptcy proceedings by that litigation , settled its fight with Pennzoil for $ 3 billion in 1986 . 
John Peterpaul , Machinists union general vice president , attacked Mr. Wolf as `` greedy and irresponsible '' for pursuing the buy-out . 
To push through a sales tax increase , however , the state will have to suspend the Gann limit , citing an emergency . 
Mr. Tanner had been president of Penn Pacific 's National Southwest Capital Group subsidiary . 
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it . 
The reluctance of some states to let Drexel off the hook could hamper the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six felonies last month , say several people familiar with the discussions . 
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests . 
Great Northern 's stock soared $ 20.125 , to $ 62.875 , on speculation that a higher bid would emerge . 
The less-self-confident Czechoslovaks and Bulgarians , in contrast , declared their intentions to reform , while doing nothing concrete about it . 
In the 1989 second quarter , Shearson had net income of $ 55 million , or 54 cents a share . 
`` I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong . 
The dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities abated . 
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday . 
A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election . 
Flights are `` missions . '' 
During the coup attempt and its aftermath , NSC staffers were `` stretched very thin , '' says one senior administration official . 
Each weekday matches a sponsor and a topic : On Mondays , Unilever N.V. 's Lever Bros. sponsors tips on diet and exercise , followed by a 30-second Lever Bros. commercial . 
Santa Fe Pacific plans to sell 20 % of its large real estate unit to a California pension fund for $ 400 million and spin the rest off to shareholders . 
Mr. Paul says he had not one but four advisers and that he never bid impulsively . 
He later defended the Chinese government 's response during a separate visit to West Germany . 
Last week , just before the bank commitments were due , the union asked the U.S. Labor Department to study whether the bid violated legal standards of fairness governing employee investment funds . 
Term bonds due 2010 are 7.10 % securities priced at par . 
But it has left holders of SCI TV 's junk bonds holding the bag , including some heavyweights that KKR might need to finance future deals , such as Kemper Financial Services , First Executive , Columbia Savings & Loan and Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy . 
But last week Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of TransCanada , said the company `` intends to be a party to any transportation system that goes up there '' and that it would consider joint ventures with other players to ensure it has a role . 
Some House Democrats are trying to head off an appointment by President Bush to the board that oversees the savings-and-loan bailout , contending that the prospective nominee is the head of troubled banks himself . 
As with the previous pact , the new agreement covers the country 's debt `` inside the net , '' which applies mainly to repayments due to overseas creditor banks by the private sector . 
The Asset Privatization Trust , the agency chiefly responsible for selling government-held properties , has recorded sales of more than $ 500 million since it began functioning in December 1986 . 
The declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year . 
Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station . 
Sri Lanka , where more than 15,000 people have died in six years of ethnic turmoil , said it will ban sex and violence from state-owned television next year . 
It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps . 
The study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies . 
This could mean diminished issuance of derivative mortgage issues during the next few weeks . 
Among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any Treasury Department expenditure for enforcement of a 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans . 
Mr. Cortese , a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer , invested some $ 2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % between 1986 and last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit on those roads . 
Instead of flooding the entire economy with liquidity , and thereby increasing the danger of inflation , the Fed could support the stock market directly by buying market averages in the futures market , thus stabilizing the market as a whole . 
The latest financial results at the troubled utility and thrift holding company , based in Phoenix , Ariz. , reflect continuing problems at MeraBank and losses in real-estate , venture-capital and uranium-mining operations . 
A Kodak spokesman declined to disclose the potential value of the contract , which is still in negotiation . 
Mr. Pertschuk adds that the new commercial dovetails perfectly with major aspects of Philip Morris 's political strategy . 
Revenue slid 7 % to $ 2.6 billion from $ 2.8 billion a year earlier . 
Revenue was $ 41.2 million , up from $ 27.5 million . 
In part , this division is dictated by economics : West Germany is a net exporter of capital while the U.S. is n't . 
Japanese researchers have bred dozens of strains of Fujis to hone its color , taste and shelf life . 
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % . 
Eliot Savings Bank lost 7\/8 to 1 5\/8 after reporting that it had a $ 4.8 million loss in the latest third quarter mostly because of loan-loss provisions . 
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 . 
`` There 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added . 
It did n't say if its year-earlier results were influenced significantly by nonrecurring elements . 
`` I do n't think he 'd want to give out his current account numbers . 
Norman Berry , the creative executive who was apparently squeezed out of Ogilvy & Mather in June , is returning to Ogilvy 's parent company , WPP Group PLC . 
Preparedness involves more than flashlights and fire alarms these days . 
We were wrong . 
They lay out a clear timetable and methodology for liberalizing the system of setting prices , breaking up huge industrial monopolies and putting unprofitable state-owned companies out of business . 
`` That 's what they 're after . '' 
And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills , which generated strong buying interest , helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums . 
Asked about states that are taking a hard line , he said , `` There are states that have asked for additional information , which we are providing to them . '' 
It said sales of home electronic products advanced 3.7 % to 44.92 billion yen from 43.34 billion yen . 
Japan says its economic growth will fall sharply if it cuts back on the use of oil , coal and gas to cap emissions of carbon dioxide . 
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out . 
Lawyers would eagerly seize on the provision in their death-penalty appeals , says Richard Burr , director of the NAACP Legal Defense and Educational Fund 's capital-punishment defense team . 
Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable . 
But the stock market swings have continued . 
The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it 's meaningless . 
Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are `` whacky '' and referring to so many citizens as `` la-la activists . '' 
Zurn Industries Inc. said it received approval to proceed on four separate projects with a total contract value of $ 59 million . 
The real jury returned days later with a $ 345 million victory for Energy Transportation . 
In this case , the investor 's risk would n't exceed 3.6 % of the total investment . 
Two Mexican college dropouts , not professional art thieves , have been arrested for a 1985 Christmas Eve burglary from the National Museum of Anthropology in Mexico City . 
The new tax , though a source of general resentment among Japanese taxpayers , replaced a higher commodities tax that applied to automobiles . 
a - Ex-dividend . 
His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison , Major Omar Torrijos , gave him an intriguing assignment : Mr. Noriega would organize the province 's first intelligence service . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
But last week there were air-traffic negotiations between the U.K. and Japan , a likely first step to any commercial agreement between JAL and British Airways or another U.K. carrier . 
Discouragement feeds on itself . 
What 's more , he believes seasonal swings in the auto industry this year are n't occurring at the same time as in the past , because of production and pricing differences that are curbing the accuracy of seasonal adjustments built into the employment data . 
The ultimate blow to the ego is learning that even your mistakes go unnoticed . 
After 93 hours of deliberation , the jurors in the second trial said they were hopelessly deadlocked , and another mistrial was declared on March 22 . 
At Jasper Jeep-Eagle , one of the largest Jeep dealerships in the country , inventories have continued to swell . 
If indeed Mrs. Thatcher has one opponent that could throw her off political course it is Britain 's mysteriously intractable inflation problem . 
But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night , with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district . 
But he did n't know which gene or genes had disappeared . 
While lawmakers have n't raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras following Ortega 's weekend threat to end a truce , Senate Majority Leader Mitchell said on NBC-TV that Ortega had made `` a very unwise move . 
Supposedly the IRS will sell off the assets of MPI , but before it can , a lowly IRS agent is called into the hospital room of Wylie Slaughter , the dying head of the Central Intelligence Agency . 
Hudson 's Bay said it will redeem 9.5 million Series H preferred shares on Oct. 31 at a price of C$ 27.75 each . 
Investors recalled that Shearson last week had been advising that `` the market is still exhibiting all the signs of a further advance . '' 
Eastern Municipal Water District , Calif. -- $ 56,565,000 of 1989 certificates of participation ( treatment plant projects ) , via competitive bid . 
The latest drop shows the narrowing in the nation 's trade gap reflected in successive full monthly reports is continuing . 
When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back and made off with $ 2,000 and 280 blank tickets . 
A year earlier , fair-market value per share was $ 26.02 and book value was $ 9.43 a share . 
Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know . 
The consensus view on September leading indicators calls for a gain of 0.3 % , the same as in August . 
For one thing , an investor 's portfolio might not closely match the S&P 100 . 
The conservative bent of the incumbent appointees , named by former President Reagan , has divided Republicans . 
Some lawyers say the slump , while more obvious in recent weeks , began earlier this year . 
Meanwhile , in the squat office buildings that ring Fashion Island , the odds are good that someone is getting fleeced . 
Indeed , Joe Nacchio , AT&T 's vice president for business-communications services , said AT&T offered a similar Tariff 15 discount to Resort Condominium International , of Indianapolis , to meet another MCI bid . 
Stocks : Volume 155,650,000 shares . 
There 's contract revenue from { limited research and development } partnerships . 
Japanese auto makers , for example , are increasing their production capacity in the U.S. ; the additional production should , in part , replace imported vehicles with locally manufactured ones . 
What 's more , both Eurocom and brothers Francis and Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat . 
They both called it a `` welcome home '' gathering . 
But the junk recovery , led by the bellwether RJR Holdings bonds , was precarious . 
It also had both the fewest , and least experienced , investigators per million contracts traded . 
Also participating in the finals was Los Angeles agency Hakuhodo Advertising America . 
`` Wage increases and overall compensation increases are beginning to curl upward a little bit , '' said Audrey Freedman , a labor economist at the Conference Board , a business research organization . 
At the auction of six-month U.S. Treasury bills on Monday , the average yield fell to 7.61 % from 7.82 % . 
Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York , and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions . 
For the 10-month fiscal year ended Sept. 30 , Chairman Eli Broad said he expected earnings results to approximate analysts ' estimates , which the company said have been revised upward to 80 cents a share . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
But Mr. Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid . 
The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities . 
But as for safety , he says double-deck freeways built today with the heavily reinforced concrete and thicker columns required after the Sylmar quake should withstand a calamitous temblor of 7.5 to 8 on the Richter scale . 
Mr. Lesk could n't be reached to comment . 
No charges were brought against her . 
He thinks that without a recession copper prices could exceed a high of $ 1.65 a pound , which was reached last year . 
The price paid was a record for the artist . 
IBM , which telegraphed the poor results three weeks ago , also cited an increase in its leasing business , which tends to lock in business long-term but cut revenue in the near term . 
Reform starts in the Pentagon . 
General Electric Co. was given an $ 89.6 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts . 
There are better ways to promote a cause . 
Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , but their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say . 
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions . 
The session is to consider a defensive plan to spin off assets to fend off Sir James Goldsmith 's # 13.4 billion bid for B.A.T . 
Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves . 
BellSouth Corp. 's third-quarter earnings dropped 3.8 % as a result of debt refinancing , the recent acquisition of a cellular and paging property and rate reductions in its Southeast territory . 
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass . ) 
`` In this market of 40 channels , sophisticated viewers and the remote control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , '' ESPN 's Mr. Werner says . 
Using the new technique developed by Cetus Corp. , called the polymerase chain reaction , the scientists rapidly made millions of copies of the section of DNA that ordinarily contains the hemoglobin gene , providing enough copies to test . 
If the judge is impeached , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately . 
Digital , based in Maynard , Mass. , hopes to stage a repeat performance in mainframes , and it has spent almost $ 1 billion developing the new technology . 
To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized , but for the most part Paris was a friendly island in a racist world . 
And as Aeroflot struggles to boost its service standards , upgrade its fleet and pursue commercial opportunities , the Irish aviation industry seems poised to benefit . 
At Lloyd 's of London , underwriters still scratch out policies using fountain pens and blotting paper . 
Although Wang will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 and the full fiscal year , Mr. Miller says he expects the company will return to profitability by the fourth quarter . 
A Yale law school graduate , he began his career in corporate law and then put in years at Metromedia Inc. and the William Morris talent agency . 
LAWYERS IN Texas 's biggest bank-fraud case want out in face of retrial . 
( Reliance floated a $ 357 million petrochemical company in 1988 that was , at the time , the largest public issue in Indian history . ) 
Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado . 
The tentative pact would resolve part of a broad investigation of the Atlanta-based company in the past year . 
Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel . 
Bond prices were little changed in sluggish activity . 
Production is slated to begin in April . 
While the Tigreans are communists , like the Eritreans they are among the most anti-Soviet guerrillas in the world , having suffered more than a decade of aerial bombardment by the Soviet-supplied Mengistu air force . 
The last U.S. congressional authorization , in 1983 , was a political donnybrook and carried a $ 6 billion housing program along with it to secure adequate votes . 
The securities were priced to float monthly at 20 basis points above the 30-day commercial paper rate . 
The industry enjoyed six prosperous years beginning in 1980 , but since 1986 sales have languished at their $ 1.8 billion peak . 
Trade Representative Carla Hills , who along with Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter unveiled the proposal , said she is confident it will gain considerable support from the U.S. 's trading partners . 
The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour and requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles . 
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators . 
Now , television and radio evangelists are under scrutiny . 
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non-Communist government 's economic changes . 
Estimates requested by Sen. Mitchell from the Congressional Joint Taxation Committee show that the richest 100 taxpayers got an average benefit from the capital-gains differential of $ 13 million each in 1985 , the last year for which figures are available . 
He is free to invest in chickens , and to fail for lack of chicken wire . 
The strike at five De Beers mines began last Thursday , with 9,500 out of a total 10,000 NUM members employed on De Beers mines participating , according to the union , while De Beers said there were 7,800 participants . 
One intended customer of the new basket product is index arbitragers , according to the exchange . 
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said . 
A large majority of the 961 former Tiger fliers support the union , according to a union study . 
But with local investors shaken by China 's political and economic turmoil , she says , a genuine recovery may not arrive until Hong Kong can prove itself secure under Chinese sovereignty . 
But banks may prefer using a profile that targets selected transactions , rather than a blanket reporting requirement . 
And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base . 
The peril of unlimited liability looms large for a number of them now . 
LAW FIRM NOTES : 
The reason does n't relate to your selling skills . '' 
A.P. Green Industries advanced 1 5\/8 to 36 1\/8 . 
The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers . 
Also , the smaller growth stocks are n't widely traded , and so are harder to buy and sell quickly than blue chips . 
The farmer barges into the naczelnik 's office . 
Acting more than a year after Ms. Bertussi filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of reproval '' saying Rep. Bates had admitted conduct that violated a House rule forbidding discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief . 
The other months posted advances of 10 cents to 20 cents an ounce . 
Knight-Ridder would n't comment on the offer . 
But he knows that as many as 20 of his fellow Democrats are disposed to vote for the cut , popular among their constituents . 
Beginning in December 1995 , Galileo will begin a two-year tour of the Jovian moons . 
`` Maybe this will jolt us out of the post-Vietnam syndrome that we never are prepared to use force , '' he says . 
TED BUNDY'S LAWYERS switch to victims ' side in death-sentence case . 
Then , using a new technique ( called homologous recombination ) for introducing genes into cells , they transferred all five genes to bacteria closely related to the pertussis organism . 
The last Taxpayer Compliance Measurement Program survey covered 1985 returns . 
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points . 
There are , however , some alternatives that income-oriented investors should consider , investment advisers say . 
The purchase of Nekoosa would easily eclipse Georgia-Pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of Brunswick Pulp & Paper Co. last year . 
But there is a risk , which the Japanese discovered when they first dipped their toes into the market nearly five years ago . 
In addition to undermining arguments in favor of ending Contra aid , Mr. Ortega 's remarks also played to the suspicions of some U.S. officials and conservatives outside the government that he is searching for ways to manipulate or void the February elections . 
As a result of the refinancing , the company said the interest on the debt will fall to slightly more than 11 % from slightly more than 14 % . 
Analysts expect that the two U.S. auto giants will move quickly to buy up 15 % stakes in Jaguar , setting up a potential bidding war for the prestigious Jaguar brand . 
Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components of the Labor Department 's consumer price index for September . 
`` Steve and his firm were still worth a lot of money , '' Mr. Rawls said . 
Judith Elkin , lawyer for the creditors , said the creditors group is challenging certain accounting entries on the parent company 's books and estimates that the receivable owed the steel company could be as much as $ 40 million . 
But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings . 
Under terms of the agreement , a K mart subsidiary will soon make a tender offer for Pace shares . 
After all , he says , `` we 've got like 15 million bureaucrats . '' 
Those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company . 
Sluggish demand was also evidenced by the weak 2.41-to-1 bid-to-cover ratio , which was lower than the average 2.79-to-1 ratio at the last 12 similar auctions . 
Within a matter of weeks , less-conservative magazines reported that members of the ruling LDP had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
If the strong yen and the high stock prices of Japanese companies were n't deterrents enough , webs of cross-shareholdings between friendly Japanese companies and fiercely independent Japanese corporate attitudes repel most would-be acquirers . 
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months . 
More broadly , he wants to `` modernize '' regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market . 
Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on military construction ; Mr. Bush 's $ 87 million request for Tennessee increased to $ 109 million . 
And , `` more importantly , '' he says , `` the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters . '' 
The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego and its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in San Diego . 
Messrs. Lee and Bynoe will manage the Nuggets ' day-today affairs . 
`` But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way . 
The restructuring program is designed to increase the company 's tangible capital ratio . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. led the percentage decliners , dropping to 59 shares from 183,467 . 
At a meeting here on Nov. 15 , the labor federation plans to launch a major effort to build grass-roots support for health-care overhaul . 
We keep wondering what Mr. Gates wanted to say . 
The company said it plans to form European ventures with Italian and Finnish companies . 
The maker of animal health and nutrition products said the business , Creations Aromatiques of Port Valais , Switzerland , and Woodside , N.Y. , is a division of its Mallinckrodt Inc. subsidiary and had sales of about $ 30 million for its most recent year . 
Experts say such long hours for attendants pose a safety risk . 
You depict the bill as something Democratic leaders `` hoodwinked '' the administration into endorsing . 
A minor bureaucrat dies suddenly , dooming his family to poverty and eventual disgrace . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8667 marks , down from 1.8685 marks late Monday , and at 142.75 yen , up from 141.85 yen late Monday . 
Analysts said a big Japanese buy order was behind the rise . 
Still , Mr. Johnson said , `` our stock is grossly undervalued . '' 
This was in contrast with the society 's meeting last May , at the height of the controversy , when more than 1,500 scientists , along with scores of reporters and TV crews , crowded into a Los Angeles hotel ballroom for a tumultuous special night session on the subject . 
But after years of using the issue for its benefit , the GOP finds its candidates on the defensive . 
Power is back on , and UCSF { medical center } seems to have quieted down for the night ( they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it ) . 
The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
The Tokyo-based company had net of 3.73 billion yen in the previous reporting period , which was the four months ended March 31 . 
That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt that Bass PLC of Britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August . 
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
Although Mr. Paul has pared a $ 1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $ 900 million since April , the high-yield debt market has plummeted . 
Both moves are effective today . 
The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . 
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
DIALING DOLLARS : 
Up to now , that recipe has consisted of a dogged effort by former leader Walter Ulbricht to establish the country 's international legitimacy , followed by Mr. Honecker 's campaign to build the East bloc 's only successful Stalinist economy into a consumer paradise . 
For the nine months , Northrop reported a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or $ 1 a share , compared with profit of $ 190.3 million , or $ 4.05 a share , in 1988 . 
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year . 
Frank Lavelle , who at the time was the marketing director for Sperry in Clearwater , Fla. , admitted participating in a scheme to bribe Garland Tomlin , the Navy official . 
In the first six months of this year , Berlitz posted net income of $ 7.6 million on sales of $ 106.2 million , compared with net income of $ 8.2 million on sales of $ 90.6 million . 
In return , the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons . 
The complaint , filed in federal district court , accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data . 
The TCI investment is a big victory for Viacom 's chief executive officer , Frank Biondi , and Winston H. Cox , president of the Showtime unit . 
HEXCEL Corp. , Dublin , manufacturer of engineered parts , annual sales of $ 399 million , NYSE , had little damage beyond some phone trouble . 
The reality of life in modern America is that if you want to wreck something that works , let it fall into the hands of Congress . 
Marietta , Ga . 
The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest . 
The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations , but also closed an unrelated plant that makes ordnance devices used in fighter planes and missiles . 
`` One of the difficulties people in real estate have is that each product is like starting a new company , or starting a new line in the fashion business , '' says L. Robert Lieb president of Mountain Development Corp. in West Paterson , N.J . 
Britain 's chief justice quashed the murder convictions of four people for Irish Republican Army bombings that killed seven people in 1974 . 
But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims . 
The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled , and free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade and some retail trade . 
Mr. Bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 . 
Sen. Mitchell urged them to desist . 
Children from the community will have worthier role models than the drug kingpins . 
Israel was seated by a vote of 95-37 , with 15 abstentions . 
Proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 500 per car . 
They have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up . 
But now , along with reindicting Mr. Noriega 's pal , they intended to charge Mr. Noriega himself , on allegations that he was involved in the illegal trading of some $ 2 million in arms . 
Sales rose 6.7 % to $ 4.27 billion from $ 4 billion . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
A tractor , his only mechanized equipment , stands in front of the pigsty . 
The small drop in equity funds in general in the latest week may not necessarily be a good sign , said A. Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical . 
Why , they wonder , should it belong to the EC ? 
A subsidiary company processes commodities into foods such as instant noodles that are sold with the rice through a vast retail network . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Industry executives are wishing Mr. Achenbaum well . 
In terms of days lost on the job , the study estimated that each affected employee loses about 16 work days a year because of stress , anxiety or depression . 
But if you overlook all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still . '' 
The film makers have couched this offensive idea in pretty packaging . 
The book is patronizing about this nouveau riche struggle for respectability , which has its tawdry aspects . 
The highest-rated show continues to be ABC 's `` Roseanne . '' 
Animated shows , which are made by outside production companies , cost the network about $ 300,000 per episode . 
At a meeting Sept. 1 to consider the labor-management bid , the board also was informed by its investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , of interest expressed by buy-out funds including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Forstmann Little & Co. , as well as by Robert Bass , Morgan Stanley 's buy-out fund , and Pan Am Corp . 
The price will depend on how much Picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
If you 're like most people , you said it 's a holding that goes completely sour -- maybe a bond that defaults or a stock whose value disappears in a bankruptcy proceeding . 
`` The team included craftsmen from the shop floor as well as engineering , scheduling and purchasing personnel , '' reports Alan Westendorf , director of quality . 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
Spain 's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections , saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat . 
Insisting on a 24.5 % share of any ceiling , Saudi officials have long pressed for the pro rata distribution of increases to all members . 
The property claims service division of the American Insurance Services Group estimated insured losses from the earthquake at $ 960 million . 
`` Everything has to be the same between countries , '' says Campo 's Stefan Campo , who is asking clients to sign protest petitions . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills . 
A cutoff of U.S. military aid would merely abandon them to die in vain . 
But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users . 
It looks to us like a golden opportunity for George Bush to chop off at the knees all this talk about a timid , unserious presidency . 
It was the start of a boom in unfriendly , even ungentlemanly , mergers . 
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries . 
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth . 
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27 % to $ 29.6 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 40.7 million , or $ 1 a share , a year earlier . 
The legislation was part of a $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health . 
If the tax on any gain to those assets was doubled , would n't the value fall to the owners of the assets ? 
The owners of a 32-acre hotel and office complex in King of Prussia , Pa. , have advertised for new financing . 
For the full fiscal year ending next March , Oji predicted that total sales of 477.00 billion yen , up from 420.68 billion yen in the previous fiscal year . 
The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it . 
Miss Gabor recanted her earlier-expressed fear of jailhouse lesbians . 
Several factors apparently spared the Valley -- a sprawling suburban stretch from San Jose to Palo Alto -- from the kind of impact felt in San Francisco , an hour 's drive north . 
Foothills Pipe Lines Ltd. filed an application with Canadian regulators to build a 4.4 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 3.74 billion ) pipeline to transport natural gas from Canada 's Arctic to U.S. markets beginning in 
The officials said that most Japanese banks prefer the losses they 'd suffer in either of the latter options to the risk of new lending . 
Ms. Klass , editor and co-author of `` Afghanistan : The Great Game Revisited '' ( Freedom House ) , directs the Freedom House program on Afghanistan\/Southwest Asia . 
`` I 've told my staff and clients that they still have the ability to exercise their options , because they are guaranteed by the Options Clearing Corp. , '' said Michael Schwartz , a senior registered options strategist at Oppenheimer & Co . 
The expansion , which could cost as much as US$ 5.7 billion over the next eight years , will expand the fleet to about 43 planes by 1991 , up from 30 at the end of last year , according to Sun Hung Kai Securities Ltd . 
The company said the dollar 's continued strengthening reduced world-wide sales growth by three percentage points . 
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home . 
The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said . 
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic . 
Last week 's discerning audience gave a bigger hand to a greenhouse than to the tenor Neil Shicoff , who sang an aria inside it . 
And they wo n't consider such a dividend , the trust added , before results are available for the first quarter of 1990 . 
Republicans are squinting most painfully , at least at first , which is only fair because they 've been shielded the most . 
Junk bond prices moved higher , however . 
On Sunday , the governing Christian Democratic Union suffered a series of setbacks , the extent of which became fully known only late Monday , in municipal elections in Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received . 
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 . 
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue . 
Conservatives pushing for a line-item veto now , he notes , may regret it later : `` Sometime , you 're going to have a Democratic president again '' who 'll use his expanded powers against those very same conservatives . 
Meanwhile , Boeing officials and representatives of the Machinists union met separately last night with a federal mediator in an attempt to break the month-old strike that has shut the aerospace giant 's assembly lines at a time when it has an $ 80 billion backlog of jetliner orders . 
Traders credited Euro Disney 's share performance to the tremendous hyping of the project that the shares are destined to help finance : Walt Disney Co. 's 4,800-acre theme park 20 miles east of Paris . 
It wo n't happen again . 
The machinists lobbied heavily against the original bid from UAL pilots and management for the company . 
The board had also been expected to approve a SKr1.5 billion international offering of new Trelleborg shares . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 . 
The ad campaign , created by Saatchi & Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency , is an extension of the auto company 's `` Cars That Make Sense '' campaign , which emphasized affordability . 
Whereas most men were a bit ambivalent about the sex scandals ( though they were furious about Recruit ) , women were upset about both and surged to the polls . 
We are all fine here , although Mame was extremely freaked . 
For all historians and most journalists , this admission would have been sufficient to condemn the Malcolm articles . 
Gillette said its continued presence in South Africa `` enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society , to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates . '' 
On Wednesday , the market opened bullishly with high turnover , ignoring the volatility in New York stocks . 
Before your next California-bashing editorial , please spend more time out here witnessing the situation -- it just may change your view . 
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session . 
Digital Equipment tacked on 1 1\/8 to 89 1\/8 , and Hewlett-Packard fell 3\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
Foreigners would receive greater incentives to invest in the U.S.S.R. 
By contrast , KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV . 
At the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's 180,000 Jaguar shares . 
The savings was given incorrectly in Friday 's edition . 
Then the state put in a reservoir to supply the area with drinking water . 
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a General Motors Corp. unit , said the Intelsat VI commercial communications satellite is set to be launched Friday . 
Sierra Tucson operates an addiction treatment center . 
The proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 2 billion . 
It said it will exercise that right only if it sells substantially all of its other core businesses . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Stephen A. Saltzburg , one of five trustees appointed to monitor payments to women injured by the Dalkon Shield intrauterine contraceptive , resigned , citing personal reasons . 
Moreover , `` it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one . '' 
Before joining Maidenform in 1972 , Mr. Brawer , who holds a doctoral degree in English from the University of Chicago , taught at the University of Wisconsin . 
Reds and yellows went about their business with a kind of measured grimness . 
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts . 
Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers . 
The idea behind the Egg King is pretty simple : put the eggs into a cylinder that contains perforated baskets , spin them at a high speed to break the shells and strain the edible part through the baskets . 
They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House . 
And there were Senate hearings on the questions in July 1972 . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union . 
The buy-back `` is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a { price } floor , '' he said . 
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent . 
The offering , Series 1989-82 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities and used at-market pricing . 
And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies thinking of moving employees out of New York City . 
On Monday , volume on the First Section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.24 billion shares Friday . 
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December . 
A labor-management group is preparing a revised buy-out bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. that would transfer majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands , according to people familiar with the group . 
`` The company 's stock is trading at 40 times next year 's numbers , and that 's too much , '' she said . 
Other manufacturers are equally cautious . 
Over time , through benchmark surveys , the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered . 
That pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the Soviet Union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons . 
An 8.5 % drop in North American factory sales of cars and trucks cut into revenue , and rebates to dealers and customers more than offset gains from price increases on 1990 model vehicles delivered during the period , a GM spokesman said . 
The mild inflation figures renewed investors ' hopes that the Federal Reserve will ease its interest-rate stance . 
AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure . 
Mr. Allday , an attorney in Midland , Texas , has been solicitor at the Interior Department . 
If you 're still wondering about the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market , consider the case of Columbia Savings & Loan . 
Dow Jones & Co. extended its tender offer of $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the 33 % of Telerate Inc. that it does n't already own until 5 p.m. EST , Nov. 6 . 
Among 2,412 of the largest OTC issues , short interest rose to 196.8 million shares , from 185.7 million in 2,379 stocks in September . 
Keio Teito Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Yesterday , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Golden Nugget common closed at $ 28.25 , up $ 2 . 
Fighting also was reported around the strategic town of Khost , near the Pakistani border . 
Ferranti said that it welcomes the investigation and that it will `` cooperate fully . '' 
Under construction is the strip 's 24th showroom , the future home of Lexus , a luxury marque launched by Toyota Motor Corp. just two months ago . 
Some entrepreneurs say the red tape they most love to hate is red tape they would also hate to lose . 
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him . 
Nevertheless , on Capitol Hill , where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities . 
The former president of FirstSouth F.A. , a defunct Arkansas thrift , pleaded guilty to conspiring to inflate the institution 's earnings by concealing worthless loan guarantees . 
Amdura , a Denver hardware and automotive distributor , said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements . 
South African gold stocks closed firmer . 
CBS has changed the rules by throwing out the old basis for sports bids -- that is , can the network alone make a profit on it ? 
That makes them a reasonable option for investors who will accept some risk of price fluctuation in order to make a bet that interest rates will decline over the next year or so . 
The judge says he is confident he will return to his old bench . 
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
When the plant was destroyed , `` I think everyone got concerned that the same thing would happen at our plant , '' a KerrMcGee spokeswoman said . 
`` When you reach a point where a policy-making body is trying to shape administrative decisions , then that 's a no-no in my book , '' the Texas lawmaker says . 
Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves . 
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession . 
Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer . 
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it . 
Democrats hoped that Mr. Dinkins could become a highly visible national leader . 
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . 
But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . 
`` Disappointing profits are likely to get worse in the next two quarters , '' says Mary Farrell , a market strategist at PaineWebber . 
Some money managers are disenchanted with H&R Block because they suspect the company 's glory days are past , or at least passing . 
Heavy construction , property-casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday . 
In both cases , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover have been fighting ferociously over their shares of the pie . 
Edward Chojnowski does . 
For the leadership , that was too painful to bear . '' 
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said . 
Your Sept. 27 page-one article `` Charleston Lost Quite a Lot to Hugo , Especially Gentility '' leaves the impression that the storm was little more than an inconvenience . 
But industry observers still questioned whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail . 
It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies . 
In Hollywood , an average family can gain cachet from moving into a home vacated by the famous or near famous . 
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition . 
And expect slower fastballs . 
It could easily be two years before the well-traveled artery that helps connect Oakland with San Francisco is reopened , and the cost to build a new stretch of highway could soar to more than $ 250 million , said Charles J. O'Connell , deputy district director in Los Angeles of the California Department of Transportation , nicknamed Caltrans . 
`` I think there 's overwhelming evidence to indicate probable criminal activity , '' said Mr. Meek , who participated last year in an examination of the Irvine , Calif. , thrift . 
`` We want to complain , we want to say something about it , and we 're going to as it gets worse , '' says Rep. Dan Burton , an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer . 
Jacobs Engineering officials could n't be reached for comment . 
Mr. King is the director of the Foreign Press Center in New York . 
Net surged to $ 210.8 million , or $ 2.68 a share , from $ 26.7 million , or 33 cents a share , a year earlier . 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
Really -- one has to ask oneself -- what dignity is there in that ? '' 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : 30 cents vs. 44 cents \*\* 
Mr. Horton , who oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts , died mysteriously in a plane crash in April after learning he might be fired following the uncovering of irregularities in a company audit . 
A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna , if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her . 
The Japanese company received orders totaling 12.44 billion yen ( $ 87.9 million ) from its U.S. business activities during the fiscal year ended in March . 
Polaroid claims it could have manufactured and sold all the instant cameras and film sold by Kodak if Kodak had n't entered the market . 
A shareholders ' accord would provide the first restitution to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by Boesky & Co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the U.S. . 
We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest . '' 
`` The last few days will surely slow down the pace of events , '' says Scottish Amicable 's Mr. Gilchrist . 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire . 
Following its failure last month to win a license for one of Spain 's first three private television stations , Zeta is seeking investment opportunities in communications and publishing . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 , interest-free loan from a Wedtech officer . 
Phillips Petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 60 % , to $ 87 million , or 36 cents a share , from $ 215 million , or 89 cents a share . 
In fact , Aer Lingus started ferrying Russians from Shannon to New York when Washington stripped Aeroflot of its U.S. landing rights . 
The government also urged whites to refrain from panic over growing black protests , such as the massive anti-apartheid rally Sunday on the outskirts of Soweto . 
Ali Khalifa Al-Sabah , Kuwait 's oil minister , recently estimated OPEC capacity at 25 million barrels a day . 
Healthsource Inc. -- Two million common shares , via Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
There were two general reasons for the mistaken monetary policy of the past 30 years : 
He said Shea & Gould held a number of discussions with the five partners during the past few weeks to get them to stay but that the five were firmly committed to running their own firm . 
For employee and employer alike , the worry is widespread . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera says the union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation . 
Quantum said it has agreed to purchase as much as $ 50 million in equity in the new company , if necessary , for the confirmation of the plan . 
In an East Berlin suburb , meanwhile , employees at an electronics plant formed an independent trade union called Reform , a worker spokesman said . 
Is that the forecast ? '' Mr. O'Brien asks , trying to pin down the economist . 
A DLJ banker , putting a best possible face on it , asserts that `` very few people said they did n't like the credit quality . 
The finance unit attributed the decline to higher borrowing costs compared with a year earlier . 
The Soviet Union has purchased roughly eight million tons of grain this month , and is expected to take delivery by year end , analysts said . 
`` But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , '' said Mr. Barnicle . 
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . 
This cuts down greatly on labor , Mr. Buchner said . 
Toto Co. , a Japanese ceramics maker , has developed a toilet that can check the user 's health . 
But there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor . 
A lot of bad things can happen in 12 years . 
October is a critical month for the privatization program . 
`` There 's nothing she could do to bring herself back to where she was , '' says her lawyer , James Bierbower . 
`` The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . '' 
The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . 
It 's when these rationalizations fall on deaf ears that the old standby of retribution for treatment at the hands of the Ottoman Empire comes to the fore . 
CALIFORNIA , A TREND-SETTER in franchising rules , stirs a controversy . 
Without buffer stocks , inflation exploded . 
`` I do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry . '' 
After years of relative obscurity , he is starting to attract notice for the ecological as well as the aesthetic quality of his architecture . 
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service . 
Sales were $ 623 million , up 0.5 % from $ 619.8 million a year ago . 
The charges are the culmination of weeks of rumors concerning CDL that have depressed the company 's share price and to a lesser extent the shares of all companies owned by CDL 's controlling Quek family , brokers in Singapore say . 
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business . 
The Qintex group 's problems began in earnest in March , when Mr. Skase agreed to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater confirmed that Mr. Bush was interested in the idea , but cautioned that there was n't a firm decision to try it . 
Goodyear 's stock , which has been weak in recent weeks , fell $ 2.875 yesterday to close at $ 43.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
In an interview with the Washington Post in early October , the secretary said the Fed may be slightly more interested in curbing inflation than the administration is , while the administration may put slightly more emphasis on spurring economic growth . 
Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board . 
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
For one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes . 
Ashland Oil 
Nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring . 
The spokesman said the vote at Sochaux is expected to be followed by a similar move at the company 's assembly plant at Mulhouse , where the number of strikers has been whittled down to 80 . 
CenTrust did n't meet the deadline . 
But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , and relive old duels in the sun , it 's clear that most are there to make their fans cheer again or recapture the camaraderie of seasons past or prove to themselves and their colleagues that they still have it -- or something close to it . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , Tucson , Ariz. , started trading under STSN . 
The new representative office , with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own . 
More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service . 
The company put up `` virtually all '' of its oil and gas properties as collateral , he said . 
The British economy is hardly the picture of health these days . 
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs , says Mr. McEnaney . 
Japanese Firms Push Posh Car Showrooms 
Nine-month sales grew 12 % to $ 3.39 billion from $ 3.03 billion a year earlier . 
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall . 
For Mips , which expects revenue of $ 100 million this year , big-name allies such as Control Data are essential to attract software developers to the company 's RISC architecture . 
Devotees pass hours , watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping , as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous , alone with their thoughts . 
Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years . 
`` It pretty much confirms what we had been expecting , '' said Anthony Hatch , an analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
Former Democratic fund-raiser Thomas M. Gaubert , whose savings and loan was wrested from his control by federal thrift regulators , has been granted court permission to sue the regulators . 
In addition , Michael W. O'Donnell , executive vice president of a Columbia unit , was named assistant chief financial officer and a senior vice president of the parent company . 
The new notes will bear interest at 5.5 % through July 31 , 1991 , and thereafter at 10 % . 
`` We were just surprised , '' says Tad Inada , NASDA 's director for international affairs . 
SciMed said it `` remains committed '' both to the `` vigorous defense '' of its position that the catheter does n't infringe the Lilly unit 's patent , and to the pursuit of its own counterclaims , which allege Lilly engaged in antitrust violations and other wrongful acts . 
The adjustments result from the recently passed thrift-industry bailout legislation , which requires thrifts to divest all high-yield bond investments by 1994 . 
`` It would be difficult to see how a car company can be owned by a collective , '' Sir John said . 
Yesterday , four days after an unusual parliamentary defeat for the ruling party , Mr. Gandhi called elections for the lower house of Parliament on Nov. 22 and 24 . 
Ohio Democrat Howard Metzenbaum refused to support any plan that might get people hurt , a charming notion for a great power . 
Mr. Saltzburg , who teaches evidence at the University of Virginia School of Law and was a deputy assistant attorney general in the U.S. Justice Department until August , submitted his resignation earlier this month to federal Judge Robert R. Merhige Jr. , in Richmond , Va . 
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
The largest volume drop -- down 445,645 shares to 141,903 -- came in shares represented by B.A.T Industries PLC 's American depositary receipts . 
And if I think that some people { on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's } staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it . 
The Arab states , always bitterly resentful of U.S. support toward Israel , realized they held an irresistable weapon -- oil . 
Judge Weinstein also ruled that judges must consider prior to extradition whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court . 
Mr. Cook said that last June , the international executive committes of Deloitte and Touche agreed to a world-wide merger . 
Those are unwelcome trends in a year that the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen 23 % so far , even with the 190.58-point plunge on Oct. 13 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood . 
Revenue rose to $ 590.7 million from $ 575.1 million . 
The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , 1988 , and again on April 4 , 1988 . 
An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S. . 
Only 14,505 wells , including 4,900 dry holes , were drilled for oil and natural gas in the U.S. in the first nine months of the year , down 22.4 % from the like 1988 period . 
One early user , David Semmel , a Chicago venture capitalist and investor in Desktop Data , says he uses it to track takeover developments . 
Mr. Rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a little-publicized 1972 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property sits to a fault line . 
Senate Democratic leaders said they had enough votes to defeat a proposed constitutional amendment to ban flag burning . 
`` We were following the trend of our competitors who were under pressure from institutions , '' he said . 
In a country where elbow room is scarce , laptop machines will take a large portion of the industry 's future growth . 
Freddie Mac 's 9 1\/2 % issue was quoted at 99 20\/32 , up 3\/32 from Monday . 
At July 31 , Air & Water had nearly 10 million shares outstanding . 
Among the expensive unknowns are stretches of elevated freeway in San Francisco that were closed because of quake-inflicted damage . 
`` What you have here is intuition made manifest . '' 
While rights fees head skyward , ad rates wo n't . 
The charge did n't affect net for the quarter as it was offset by tax benefits . 
However , Judge Hastings has said he will continue to fight and is contemplating an appeal of any impeachment to the U.S. Supreme Court . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset is 15.50 % . 
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 . 
Or political arrangements `` to alleviate the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities and republics . '' 
In late April , when interest rates were at their recent highs , short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks . 
Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul . 
Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining Telerate stake . 
A private farmer never wastes anything . '' 
That is for the future . 
Paramount Communications , which completed the $ 3.35 billion sale of its Associates Corp . financial-services unit to Ford Motor , gained 1 1\/8 to 55 7\/8 after losing one point Monday amid rumors of a delay . 
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said . 
Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares . 
Earlier this month , the White House endorsed stripping the controversial tax measure from the bill so that Congress could pass quickly a `` clean '' bill containing only provisions specifically designed to meet federal budget targets under the Gramm-Rudman act . 
Amdura Corp. said its bank group , led by Chicago-based Continental Bank , agreed to extend its $ 40 million bridge loan until March 31 , 1990 , and gave it a new $ 30 million credit line . 
The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . '' 
For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun . 
VIACOM Inc. 's loss narrowed to $ 21.7 million in the third quarter from $ 56.9 million a year ago . 
The overall private-sector employment cost index , which includes both wages and benefits , rose 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 . 
Mr. Cane stresses that he is n't using the telephone to lure clients to his doorstep . 
Also , SmithKline Beecham rose 1 3\/8 to 39 1\/2 . 
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said . 
Takeover speculators -- who have already taken a record loss estimated at more than $ 700 million on UAL -- started selling other stocks as well as S&P futures in an attempt to hedge against a further UAL blood bath . 
Clearly , the judge has had his share of accomplishments . 
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom . 
The head of another small options clearing firm , who asked not to be identified , said that the heightened volatility in the financial markets in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for any but the largest financial trading firms to shoulder the risk inherent in the highly leveraged options and futures business . 
And another thing -- real Texans drink Lipton iced tea . '' 
Conferees also agreed to Pentagon requests to earmark a total of nearly $ 1 billion for work on both mobile MX and Midgetman nuclear missiles , according to congressional aides . 
Kellogg is based in Battle Creek , Mich. , a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world . 
The House has voted to repeal most of the Catastrophic Coverage Act of 1988 , however , which would end the monthly catastrophic-care premium , as well as an unpopular income surtax paid by about 40 % of the wealthier Medicare beneficiaries . 
What defeated General Aoun was not only the weight of the Syrian army . 
But at just that moment , he is interrupted in his office by a servant in tuxedo who pours coffee from silver into a cup of china and dabs the brim with linen . 
Ultimately , that carefully picked jury deadlocked with a 10-2 vote to acquit , and the prosecution decided not to retry the case . 
In Geneva , however , they supported Iran 's proposal because it would have left the Saudi percentage of the OPEC total intact , and increased actual Saudi volume to nearly 5.3 million barrels daily from five million . 
There were many indications that the new work hours implemented by major corporations played a big role . 
They have about seven candidates . 
It was the first time in seven years that Moscow has n't joined efforts , led by Moslem nations , to expel Israel from the world body , and was viewed as a sign of improving Soviet-Israeli ties . 
Skeptics wonder whether mega-resorts such as the Mirage will be able to squeeze a profit from their cash flow . 
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier . 
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 18.73 billion from $ 15.09 billion . 
Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $ 400 million , to $ 2.25 billion . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
The House has already voted for a deep cut in funding , and in the end the program 's backers will be hard pressed to head off some reduction in spending next year . 
The SEC has only about 200 staffers assigned to keep tabs on investment advisers -- about the same as in 1980 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 15,000 over the past decade . 
The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
As one of his defenders so aptly put it , President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election ( and some would say thereafter as well ) . 
'' So much for survival of the fittest . 
Meanwhile , House-Senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 3.18 billion anti-drug and anti-crime intitiative , cutting other federal spending 0.43 % to pay for it . 
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5 % , to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
Last year the public was afforded a preview of Ms. Bartlett 's creation in a tablemodel version , at a BPC exhibition . 
`` The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit , '' Mr. Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button `` sack suit , '' with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit . 
Mr. Toussie said he would respond to Lionel 's suit after his lawyers review it . 
`` My sense is what they have in mind is an excuse for clamping down on campaigning '' by creating an atmosphere of a military emergency , he said . 
For example , in focusing on Mr. Freeman 's attempt to gain nonpublic information about a deal 's collapse , one does not naturally think about the reverse side of the coin : What if the rumor had been false ? 
Farm prices in October edged up 0.7 % from September as raw milk prices continued their rise , the Agriculture Department said . 
Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone . 
A spokeswoman for Paramount said the company does n't comment on speculation . 
They are often closed to the public and no minutes are taken . 
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
`` In the near future , it will be a big market , not just for waterworks , but for all mapping systems , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said . 
Earlier this month , a group led by three of the company 's directors , Burt Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and Willam E. Trotter II , indicated it had a 45.2 % stake in the Louisville , Ky. , fast-food company and that it planned to seek a majority of seats on Rally 's nine-member board . 
Rep. Hamilton said the purpose of the meetings would be to `` improve communications and perhaps coordination between the executive branch and the Fed . '' 
But a spokesman said the quake wo n't have as big a financial impact on Allstate as Hurricane Hugo did . 
LMEYER : 
Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January . 
`` Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . '' 
Millicom said it would build and operate the system in Pakistan with Comvik International AB , part of the Kinnevik group of Sweden , and Arfeen International , Pakistan . 
Executives at Time Inc . Magazine Co. , a subsidiary of Time Warner , have said the joint venture with Mr. Lang was n't a good one . 
But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are `` burnt . '' 
In any case , many franchisees , in order to stay on good terms with franchisers , routinely go along with promotions . 
White House spokesmen last week said Mr. Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power , exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right . 
Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article . 
According to Richard P. Mills , a Boston-based official of the U.S. partner , 10,000 copies of the quarterly will be printed in Russian from next year . 
Negotiations `` have started con - structively , but that 's not to say we like this particular offer , '' says Wilbur Ross of Rothschild Inc. , adviser to SCI TV junk-holders . 
Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. . 
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5\/8 to 560 . 
Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , Toronto Stock Exchange officials said . 
Demand for ads also rose at the eight TV stations Capital Cities owns and at its 80%-owned ESPN sports cable channel . 
Eli Lustgarten of PaineWebber Inc. , who a couple of weeks ago reduced his 1989 estimate to $ 5.70 a share because of the weakening truck market , says he will make another cut to about $ 5.50 a share in light of the third-quarter report . 
Besides reciting the pardon for program trading contained in the Brady Commission report , they said stock-index arbitrage was actually needed Monday to restore the markets ' equilibrium . 
Unfortunately for Mr. Maynard , another branch of the USDA , the Agricultural Marketing Service , was in charge of eggs . 
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes . 
Many American church-owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct . 
Ladislav Adamec , ending a two-day visit to Austria , pledged changes in Czechoslovakia , including freer travel to the West . 
People close to the investor say that was an experiment he is unlikely to repeat . 
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 . 
The American Trade Consortium says it is planning to ship some $ 500 million of consumer goods , financed by bank credits , in the first few months of next year . 
International soft-drink volume was up about 6 % . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
Yesterday , Armstrong announced an agreement to sell its small Applied Color Systems unit to a subsidiary of the Swiss company , Brauerei Eichof Ltd . 
Coupled with his current 1.2 million shares and 4 % held by an associate , the stake would have given him control of 55 % of the concern . 
In a nutshell , pros advise investors who expect a slowdown to hold fewer stocks than usual and to favor shares of big companies in `` defensive '' industries . 
Prices of European government bonds also rose as U.S. stocks declined . 
Back to Somalia : 
Other temperature data show similar unexplained swings . 
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain-resistant products with higher quality dyes . 
Exxon will use a Parker Drilling Co. rig built in 1981 that can go down 9 1\/2 miles . 
They note that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush , one of them featuring the First Dog , Millie . 
The West German retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year . 
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
Since the spill last March , Exxon and the state have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill , when the weather was clear and calm , would have helped limit the environmental damage . 
Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits ( 22 % ) , consumer fraud ( 15.4 % ) , and health-care issues ( 15 % ) . 
In an already low-profitmargin business , commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public , depriving the private individual of access to the markets . 
The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is `` the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital . '' 
She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring . 
Sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners . 
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31 . 
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities . 
Radio stations provided an emergency number for people who smelled gas but did n't know how to turn off their gas supply . 
Signed by 25 students 
Within the paper sector , Mead climbed 2 3\/8 to 38 3\/4 on 1.3 million shares , Union Camp rose 2 3\/4 to 37 3\/4 , Federal Paper Board added 1 3\/4 to 23 7\/8 , Bowater gained 1 1\/2 to 27 1\/2 , Stone Container rose 1 to 26 1\/8 and Temple-Inland jumped 3 3\/4 to 62 1\/4 . 
An increasing number of banks appear to be considering the option under the deal whereby they can swap their Mexican loans for 30-year bonds with a face value discounted by 35 % , Mr. Gurria said . 
Maryland National Bank -- $ 267 million of securities backed by home-equity lines of credit through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
But analysts estimated that GM had a loss of as much as $ 300 million on domestic vehicle operations . 
Under federal transportation law , a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger 's job classifications into Federal 's . 
One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator 's life . 
Now , it wants to concentrate on beer and its newer hotel and restaurant operations . 
Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year . 
Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of `` headline negatives '' in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe and Japan , aggressive central bank intervention , a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices , an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report and action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower . 
Because of his remarkable success turning around P&G 's international operations , analysts have high hopes for his tenure . 
American Express Co. posted a 21 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for Third World loans at its banking unit . 
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier . 
The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday , off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier . 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
`` After more than 200 years , something new has happened to pencils , '' said Arthur D. Little in a 1974 report that publicly described the previously secret item . 
While not officially an executive at Continental during Mr. Corr 's tenure , Mr. Lorenzo is known for keeping close tabs on Texas Air 's operating units . 
Mr. Laband should beware , since he lives in South Carolina . 
Genentech 's 1988 sales were $ 335 million , both from licensing and its own products . 
The latest 10-year Treasury was quoted at 100 22\/32 to yield 7.88 % , compared with 100 17\/32 to yield 7.9 % . 
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope . 
Avondale Industries Inc. received a $ 13.5 million Navy contract for ship spare parts . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it agreed to buy Viroqua Telephone Co. of Viroqua , Wis . 
Tentative reoffering yields were set from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 . 
The ads are just the latest evidence of how television advertising is getting faster on the draw . 
The stores they work for may be sold . 
Donaldson Lufkin would n't comment . 
The shift of retailing to large shopping centers has created even greater economies of scale for providing low-crime business environments . 
The Manhattan real-estate developer acted after the UAL buyers failed to obtain financing for their earlier $ 300-a-share bid , which sparked a selling panic among that snowballed into a 190-point drop Friday in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 144 basis points above the Treasury 's seven-year note . 
Stock-index arbitrage -- the computer-guided buying and selling of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies -- affects the OTC market directly through the 31 stocks included in Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Chairperson 
Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal-care businesses jumped 25 % in the quarter , Mr. Mark added . 
But the mouse experiment at a Medical Research Council laboratory in London shows genetic defects can be detected three days after conception using a new American-developed gene-copying technique . 
The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book `` Viaje a la Alcarria '' how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce . 
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country . 
But what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
A lawyer for Lawyers Title said that , because the named companies no longer use the type of cooperative rating bureaus attacked by the FTC , the commission 's order wo n't have much practical impact . 
Panda Motors is one such investment . 
That is n't 51 % , and the claim is n't documented . 
Several analysts and brokers said the petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The issue exploded this year after a Federal Bureau of Investigation operation led to charges of widespread trading abuses at the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
President Bush told reporters : `` Whether that { the leadership change } reflects a change in East-West relations , I do n't think so . 
Said 's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser , whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952 . 
This phenomenon often makes stock prices swing wildly at the end of the trading session . 
The results are almost identical to Shapiro 's September 1988 numbers . 
The Justice Department said it is seeking to join a private lawsuit challenging a Pittsburgh suburb 's zoning ordinance that sharply restricts the locations available to group homes for the handicapped . 
Many congressmen are citing the compromise on the `` Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 '' as a model for bipartisan deliberations . 
For the six months ended Sept. 30 , Daiwa reported unconsolidated ( parent company ) net income of 79.03 billion yen ( $ 556.5 million ) on revenue of 332.38 billion yen ( $ 2.34 billion ) . 
He puts the OTC market 's Nellcor , Office Club and BizMart on the list . 
In June , the company agreed to settle for $ 18 million several lawsuits related to its sales practices , without admitting or denying the charges . 
It also redesigned Oil of Olay 's packaging , stamping the traditional pink boxes with gold lines to create a more opulent look . 
Although prices rallied briefly following the tumble on world stock markets earlier this month and the related decline of the dollar , precious metals are out of favor for the moment because of high interest rates and a determination by industrial nations to curb inflation , dealers say . 
Sen. Kennedy , never mind his dubious credentials for the moral high ground , emoted brilliantly . 
U.S. companies developing management teams are wrestling with how to handle individual suggestion systems . 
On Nov. 15 , when Brazilians elect a president for the first time in 29 years , the country 's 82 million voters will have 22 candidates to choose from . 
While she works inside , a tenant returns with several friends to collect furniture and clothing . 
One Conservative MP , David Wilshire , said : `` I should have a wonderful suntan by Christmas . '' 
Revenue rose to $ 403 million from $ 368.4 million . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
The filing said Petrie Stores of Secaucus , N.J. , is purchasing Mr. Petrie 's Deb Shops stake as an investment . 
He said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in December , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by June . 
Mr. Breeden , in his first testimony to Congress since taking the SEC post , said the agency is studying the Friday the 13th market plunge , including how current circuit breakers affected the market that day and the following Monday . 
Early yesterday , Carnival said in a company statement that it had been `` notified unofficially '' that Waertsilae Marine Industries , the Finnish shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships , planned to file for bankruptcy . 
Today the Treasury will announce the size of its next two-year note sale and Resolution Funding Corp. will announce details of its first bond offering . 
Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 . 
Investors will develop `` thicker skins , '' and their confidence will return , he says . 
A United Steelworkers spokeman said Lynn Williams , the union 's president , was out of town . 
Mr. Wachter says Mr. Paul was a quick study who worked intensely and bought the best pictures available at the moment . 
`` He says he ` stole them , ' '' recalls Mr. Guterman . 
Turner Broadcasting System Inc. said it expects to report an extraordinary loss of about $ 122 million in the fourth quarter due to early retirement of debt . 
Some have been combined into suites for the high rollers . 
Bulls say the market is an incredible bargain , priced at only about 12 times estimated 1989 earnings for stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500 index . 
And before last Friday , they were actually making modest progress . 
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed . 
The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed , and Iowa and Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams . 
Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal . 
It now will be played mostly for the record , and should be wrapped up as quickly as possible , without `` off '' days . 
One learns a lot from this book , or seems to , about crippling federal bureaucracy . 
One of them , 25-year-old Markus Hess of Hannover , allegedly used the international telecommunications network to break into more than 30 high-security computers in the U.S. , searching for secrets . 
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates , conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps . 
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real-life PC . 
The list of laboratories claiming to be producing inexplicable amounts of heat from `` cold fusion '' experiments is slowly growing . 
The original bill was strongly opposed by the Fed and publicly criticized by friends of the Fed as an attempt to undermine the central bank 's independence . 
While he has bought and sold some USAir shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to unload his holding . 
Mr. Hurley was formerly a vice president and general manager of an Avery International division ; Mr. Vanourek was a former group vice president of Pitney Bowes Inc . 
The separate contracts were from Paragould Light & Water Commission , a utility in Paragould , Ark. , and PSE Inc. , a cogeneration-plant operator in Houston . 
The statement added , `` Someone has regrettably chosen to selectively summarize portions of highly classified correspondence between the two branches of government . 
Each time , the bank 's 90 % shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution . 
`` I do n't know what the risk is { of holding the stock } . 
The Japanese government does n't allow this . 
Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock . 
The company 's Excalibur will also appeal to families , of course . 
But the market really is n't going to be stood on its head , '' said a banker at one of Frankfurt 's Big Three banks . 
Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion ( $ 3.2 billion ) deficit in the current account reported for August . 
We must not forget , however , that such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets . 
It did n't disclose specifics but said it expects to complete the purchases by Nov. 1 . 
`` We will certainly have to take a look at '' the Whitbread spirits business , an Allied-Lyons spokesman said . 
Testifying before a House subcommittee , Mr. Mulford said that if the Treasury had n't intervened in foreign-exchange markets in September and early October to reduce the dollar 's value , the plunge in the stock market might have provoked a steep fall in the currency that might have `` unhinged financial markets . '' 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
Mr. Ty lost control to the government in 1980 when a government bank made emergency loans to the cash-strapped institution . 
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed . 
`` We feel we are doing everything we can , '' an Occidental spokesman says . 
Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment . 
The bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 6.90 % in 2006 to 2009 . 
But a much smaller mutual fund company , the USAA Investment Management Co. unit of USAA , San Antonio , Texas , said it informed nine national brokerage firms it will cease business with them unless they stop index-arbitrage trading . 
Which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ? 
Indeed , Fujitsu officials admitted they may have been a little overzealous . 
`` What 's he doing ? '' hissed my companion , who was the only other English-speaking member of the convention and whose knuckles were white . 
TransAtlantic , whose Transol Investments Ltd. unit owns the largest minority stake in Sun Life , has agreed not to make a takeover bid for the British life insurer without the prior consent of the French company , known as UAP . 
But at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control . 
Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $ 5 billion . 
Earnings fell to $ 877 million , or $ 1.51 a share , somewhat below securities analysts ' revised expectations of around $ 1.60 a share . 
The legal fight was the subject of a Wall Street Journal story yesterday . 
Rally officials were n't available to comment late yesterday . 
`` It was whooosh ! '' said one futures trader . 
The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12 % from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8 . 
They closed Friday at $ 53.25 , down 50 cents on the day . 
Urban is the company 's first telephone subsidiary in Wisconsin . 
A volcano will erupt next month on the fabled Strip : a 60-foot mountain spewing smoke and flame every five minutes . 
NEC Corp. said it plans to more than double its British subsidiary 's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers . 
Claiborne 's directors also declared its regular cash dividend payment of five cents a share payable on Dec. 5 to shareholders of record at the close of business on Nov. 13 . 
Because of the isolation of the retinoblastoma tumor-suppressor gene , it became possible last January to find out what threat the Quinlan baby faced . 
State monopolies will keep on stifling trade , `` free '' prices or not , until something else replaces them . 
Until 1980 , when Japan joined the $ 10,000 per capita GNP club of the advanced countries , it was a model developing nation . 
Mr. Kim of J. Walter Thompson does n't think so . 
But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable . 
Although legislative lines can result in under-inclusion ( which explains why the SEC has long resisted a legislative definition of insider trading ) , judicial lawmaking inevitably creates uncertainty because of the shadowy outer edges and implications of most judicial decisions . 
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates . 
He said he is `` very surprised '' by the furor over program trading and the exchange 's role in it that has raged in recent days . 
Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . 
`` We have capital requirements , '' says Mr. Linsert , `` so we have to go ahead '' with a planned $ 1.5 billion private placement . 
`` People think of the steel business as an old and mundane smokestack business , '' says Mr. Iverson . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Bethlehem shares rose 50 cents to $ 17.375 . 
Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday . 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
Georgia-Pacific 's Mr. Hahn said that a combined operation would allow savings in many ways . 
Psyllium is an annual herb , Plantago ovata , that has been used for centuries by folk doctors here , mainly as a laxative and anti-diarrheal . 
Others preach the gospel of buying only blue-chip growth stocks . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
`` In essence , we run the show . '' 
Indeed , the government is taking a calculated risk . 
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home , education expenses and medical expenses . 
But Peter Brody , Magnascreen 's president , says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use , just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording . 
Mr. Tucker , 44 years old , is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. , closely held investment companies based in Miami . 
He had valued the shares at more than $ 1 million two years earlier . 
During the summer , Wang executives had said they might seek outside investment . 
A group of senior Conservative legislators , complaining the House of Commons was like a sauna , demanded that the experiment be stopped unless the intensity of the lights is reduced . 
Mr. Agnos complained that he was `` ticked off '' that Vice President Dan Quayle , who toured the earthquake site Wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
Longer term , the impact is unclear . 
Marginal operations and assets have been sold . 
The House approved a permanent smoking ban on nearly all domestic airline routes as part of a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress . 
For the week the Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points , or 3.4 % . 
`` This is fun , '' asserted Susan Del Signore , head equity trader at Travelers Investment Management Co . 
The Canadian dollar climbed to its highest level against the U.S. dollar since late August , prompting the Bank of Canada to sell the Canadian currency on the market . 
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks . 
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice . 
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody , said in a recent interview , `` We do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . '' 
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period . 
The Greens from the First World wanted a morality play , not a negotiation . 
With the collapse of the talks Friday , European analysts expect Ford to intensify its pursuit of British luxury car maker Jaguar PLC , which is scrambling to fend off a hostile Ford bid by negotiating a friendly alliance with Ford 's archrival , General Motors Corp . 
Increasingly , the financial markets are reflecting the gloom . 
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
Secretary of State Baker , we read , decided to kill a speech that Robert Gates , deputy national security adviser and a career Soviet expert , was going to give to a student colloquium , the National Collegiate Security Conference . 
The decline surprised analysts and jolted HomeFed 's stock , which lost 8.6 % of its value , closing at $ 38.50 on the New York Stock Exchange , down $ 3.625 . 
The 13.25 % subordinated debentures due 2002 were issued in August 1987 as part of the $ 690 million financing for a leveraged buy-out of the company . 
If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest . 
Many retailers are worried that a price war could erupt this Christmas if cash-strapped firms such as Campeau slash prices to spur sales . 
Banking stocks were the major gainers Monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank added 4 marks each to 664 marks ( $ 357 ) and 326 marks , respectively . 
The Israeli and Soviet national airlines have reached preliminary agreement for launching the first direct flights between Tel Aviv and Moscow , a spokesman for the Israeli airline , El Al , said . 
Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman . 
Others analyze the data . 
However , he said officials conducting the study had n't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness . 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship . 
Among the possible suitors is Italy 's Fiat S.p . A , analysts said last week . 
COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions , but Mr. Grohl said the U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter . 
Gary S. Goldstein , president of the Whitney Group , an executive search firm , said : `` I 'd like to see ( Kidder ) succeed . 
The buy-back , which was n't a complete surprise , was announced after the stock market had closed . 
After all , he says , `` Even to make love , you need experience . 
Goodrich 's vinyl-products segment reported operating profit for the quarter of $ 30.1 million , less than half the $ 64.1 million of the year-earlier quarter . 
Since then , prices have slumped , to an average of $ 395,374 this summer . 
But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics . 
`` Entrepreneurs do n't rush to get into a stagnant or declining industry . '' 
So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , CBS Inc. and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. unit are expected to announce soon a joint campaign to raise awareness about hunger . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
She called her daughter to take her to the bank , who , in turn , persuaded her husband , a Mr. Loeb , to run this errand . 
The company does n't expect any shipping delays . 
Companies would be compelled to publish in annual proxy statements the names of insiders who fail to file reports on time . 
Detroit Edison , the plan pioneer , generated $ 54,000 in matching funds this year , up from $ 39,000 in 1988 . 
Arizona Trend magazine referred to Mr. Simmons this year as one of the 25 most influential people in the state . 
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday . 
What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year . 
`` We 're close to the bottom '' of the near-term ranges , she contends . 
Although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 . 
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical . 
Mr. Breeden also is trying to use a far more catastrophic event -- the California earthquake -- to move another rule change past Congress . 
Mr. Shilling understands Mr. Straszheim 's problems . 
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 . 
Democrats asserted that the proposal , which also would create a new type of individual retirement account , was fraught with budget gimmickry that would lose billions of dollars in the long run . 
Revenue for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 was $ 86.4 million , a 95 % increase over the year-ago period . 
He cut his rating to a short-term hold from above-average performer and reduced his 1990 earnings estimate . 
ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week . 
Those , of course , were the responses of people with something to hide . 
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress ( I ) Party control of the government . 
Japan 's steelmakers are raising capital spending 22 % this year to $ 4.8 billion . 
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . 
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work . 
`` The employment report is going to be difficult to interpret , '' said Michael Englund , economist with MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
Today , Mr. Lang believes his magazines will offer what many women 's magazines do n't . 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been in the forefront in supporting the Bush proposal . 
These guarantee protection against stock market declines while still passing along most gains . 
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning . 
Such a change meant the reorganization plan the creditors had agreed on was no longer valid , and the two sides had to begin negotiating again . 
She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high-powered legal career . 
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent . 
Keith A. Tucker was named a director of this insurance and financial services concern . 
Still , Mr. Mack says he talks to `` 30 members of Congress a week . '' 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
The ministry has never even suggested that Japanese banks be cautious about leveraged buy-outs in general , Mr. Utsumi said . 
`` It 's a tremendous disappointment , '' said Janet Hathaway , an attorney with the Natural Resources Defense Council . 
The merged agency 's admittedly ambitious goal : to become one of the world 's 10 largest agencies , while attracting more multinational clients than the agencies were able to attract alone . 
Over the past two years , Soviet ministries have been talking to international firms , including Occidental Petroleum Co. and Combustion Engineering Inc. of the U.S. , Montedison S.p.A. of Italy and several Japanese groups , about jointly building and operating several big petrochemical plants . 
The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties , and unamortized issue discount and costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled a sweetened pension and early-retirement program for management that it hopes will enable it to save $ 450 million in the next year . 
A K mart spokesman said the acquisition would be financed with short-term borrowings . 
His hands sit farther apart on the keyboard . 
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly . 
William Morrissey , 44 , was named executive vice president , world-wide director of McCann Direct , the direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group 's McCann-Erickson agency . 
After his arrest , the forger admitted to faking and selling other paintings up and down the Eastern seaboard . 
Paribas still needs the go-ahead from the Commission des Operations de Bourse , a government regulatory agency , but analysts said that is considered likely . 
The team trimmed more than two months from the cycle time previously required to develop comparable proposals . 
First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles said Friday it expects a $ 16 million quarterly loss , citing property-loan losses at its Arizona unit . 
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run horizontally through the column , said Leo Parker , a structural engineer in Los Angeles . 
Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654 , up 6 . 
In such situations , he says , the house `` is going to put the best light on things . '' 
That includes his companion of 15 years , Johanna Lawrenson , as well as his former wife , Anita . 
`` We 're an investor , '' Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs . 
Revenue grew almost 8 % to $ 301.9 million from $ 279.8 million last year . 
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb . 
As the citizens of San Francisco and surrounding communities began assessing the damage from Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , NBC News began assessing the damage from what some said was a failure to provide comprehensive coverage in the earthquake 's initial moments . 
Treasury securities were essentially flat to about 1\/2 point lower . 
It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud . 
The Series 1989 B bonds are uninsured and rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Integrated made its announcement after the market closed . 
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier . 
For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million . 
Where they lag behind the Japanese is in turning the scientific inventiveness into improved production . 
The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities . 
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
Major shippers say they expect freight rates to rise at least as fast as inflation and maybe faster in the next few years . 
For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience . 
But early on Oct. 19 , the second of two hectic days of board meetings , Mr. Evans said he believed Qintex Australia would n't be forthcoming . 
Many fund managers have boosted their cash levels in recent weeks . 
Whitbread also owns the license to brew and distribute Heineken and Stella Artois beers in Britain . 
The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest . 
The U.S. proposal also was criticized by food-importing developing countries , who said that the U.S. made no special allowances for poor nations . 
`` Fly safely . '' 
The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople . 
As it happens , the Nasdaq composite did continue to fall for two days after the initial plunge . 
Still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming . 
The Shreveport , La. , natural gas company said the charges , though partially offset by a one-time gain from the offering , will result in a full-year after-tax loss . 
The company also changed its dividend policy , under which holders had received an annual 10 cents-a-share payment , by declaring a four-cents-a-share dividend , to be paid quarterly on post-split shares . 
Purchase of the businesses serving Miami , Fort Lauderdale and West Palm Beach , Fla. , is part of a plan by Chambers to expand in the growing security industry . 
The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 , or 2 % , to 463.06 . 
As is , blacks constitute 12 % of the population , but fewer than 2 % of elected leaders . 
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading . 
The higher payments will start with Social Security checks received on Jan. 3 , 1990 . 
He said that the next generation of optical drives will be as fast as hard drives , but he depends on outside suppliers for the devices . 
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ? 
Somewhere , the son sighs , things went terribly wrong with apartheid ; today , whites even rely on blacks to police their separation . 
Perhaps most striking , 35 % of households headed by people aged 18 to 44 have at least one foreign car . 
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining . 
But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
A few months ago , Dentsu acquired 69 % of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars ( US$ 4.6 million ) . 
Allianz said in its statement that it was acting to protect that interest , which ties it to Navigation Mixte as a partner . 
Even suburban Prince George 's County , Md. , reported last week there have been a record 96 killings there this year , most of them drug-related . 
In `` Mad Rush , '' which came from a commission to write a piece of indeterminate length ( Mr. Glass charmingly , and tellingly , confessed that `` this was no problem for me '' ) , an A section alternates with a B section several times before the piece ends unresolved . 
One unit , called the Escort , uses a new digital signal-processing technology to detect radar signals much sooner than was previously possible , the company said . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
The University of California at San Francisco is also circulating a memo among its scientific faculty that will restrict contact with the world of business . 
`` Every year we 've been waiting for stepped-up expansion from the company . 
For the quarter ended Sept. 30 , Delta posted net income of $ 133.1 million , or $ 2.53 a share , up from $ 100 million , or $ 2.03 a share , a year earlier . 
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree . 
IRAs were like stepchildren there . 
A Georgia-Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest-products company . 
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . 
The ground ruptured along a 20-to-30-mile stretch of the San Andreas Fault on Tuesday , Mr. Johnson added . 
It sees sales rising 45 % to 26,000 units next year . 
The spinoff argument , after all , reverses the current notion that assets are worth more to private buyers than to public shareholders . 
`` The Kidder name is one of only six or seven that every CEO recognizes as a viable alternative '' when considering a merger deal , he says . 
Salomon Brothers was among the largest sellers of stock-index futures last week , traders said . 
Real Texans do n't play paddleball , at least I hope not . 
Most of the 300 employees at the oil company 's midtown headquarters building -- including much of senior management -- were unaware of the plan until informed at a morning meeting by Chairman Lawrence G. Rawl . 
The wind , stinging with sand , never seems to stop . 
Today is the debut of the Senior Professional Baseball Association , a new eight-team pro sports circuit , modeled after the highly successful senior tennis and golf tours and complete with good salaries , a cable television contract and even expansion plans . 
`` It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer , '' says Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute . 
The decision by Merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading . 
`` We must find any way to get business . '' 
John Bruner , associate director of communications for Cincinnati Public Schools , said Channel One was rejected because students watching the program did n't fare particularly better on a 28-question current events quiz than a control school without the program and school absences were almost unchanged during the period when the program was being aired . 
Markets -- 
But New York City general obligation bonds came under selling pressure . 
Earthquake insurance costs about $ 2 to $ 4 annually for every $ 1,000 of value , and high deductibles mean it generally pays only when there is a catastrophe . 
Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company . 
Jerell paid Ms. Garratt royalties for the line known as Multiples by Sandra Garratt , which are sold primarily through department stores . 
That is the truth . '' 
Meanwhile , International Business Machines Corp. paved the way for a visit to the credit markets by filing a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for $ 800 million in new debt . 
The company said it estimates the Desert Inn remodeling will cost about $ 32 million , and the refurbishment of the three DC-8-62 aircraft , made by McDonnell Douglas Corp. , will cost around $ 24.5 million . 
That 's because airline earnings , like those of auto makers , have been subject to the cyclical ups-and-downs of the economy . 
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself . 
That 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law . 
Galveston-Houston makes and markets products for the construction , mining and energy industries . 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries . 
Since the mid-1980s , Japan 's other major real estate purchases in the U.S. include Dai-Ichi Seimei America Corp. 's $ 670 million purchase of an office building at 153 East 53rd St. in Manhattan in 1987 and Mitsui Fudosan Inc. 's $ 610 million purchase of the Exxon Building , part of Rockefeller Center , in 1986 . 
The earnings drop at GM Hughes Electronics is a sign of tough times at both the defense operations of Hughes Aircraft Co. and GM 's North American automotive operations , which are a primary customer for the Delco Electronics Corp. side of the GM Hughes unit . 
Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . 
No one has alleged that the donations were by themselves illegal . 
If this battle were a movie , the producers would be fighting over two scripts with nothing but an opening scene in common . 
Capital expenditure in 1990 will rise slightly , Mr. Marous said , from an estimated $ 470 million this year . 
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away . 
The consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period . 
South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas . 
Polaroid Corp. , benefiting from staff-reduction savings , reported a strong gain in third-quarter operating results and net income of $ 29.9 million , or 40 cents a share , after preferred-stock requirements . 
Investor focus shifted quickly , traders said . 
In fact , Mr. Bush 's dance was more wiggle than waffle . 
The machinists union has suggested it may propose a recapitalization that includes a special dividend for holders and a minority ownership stake for employees . 
`` These two exposures alone represent a very substantial portion of CS First Boston 's equity , '' Moody 's said . 
`` Pieces of Candlestick , '' they said . 
If Mr. Gates had been allowed to say these things , we would now be hearing about `` discord '' and `` disarray '' on foreign policy . 
Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk , its South American routes , which were valued at $ 400 million . 
They claimed that the Fed would first give a green light to the economy by making credit readily available and then turn on the red and bring growth to a screeching halt . 
It 's almost impossible to track the number of companies trashing junk mail , since the decision is usually made in the mail room -- not the board room . 
The new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from Switzerland 's Cardinal brewery . 
With 65 % of its sales coming from mountain bikes , Specialized is widely considered to be a market leader . 
No age group is more sensitive than younger voters , like Ms. Ehman . 
He says it 's important for a new make to be as distinctive as possible while still retaining links to the parent company 's quality image . 
XL\/Datacomp slid 2 1\/4 to 16 1\/2 amid continuing concerns about the company 's contract negotiations with International Business Machines . 
I 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home . 
G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between Searle and a French concern . 
Japan Storage Battery Co. -- $ 100 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par via Nikko Securities Co . ( Europe ) Ltd . 
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber . 
Revenue rose to $ 235.2 million , from $ 176.4 million . 
Tap on outstanding # 100 million issue . 
The benchmark 11 3\/4 % Treasury bond due 2003\/2007 rose 1\/8 to 111 21\/32 to yield 10.11 % , while the 12 % issue of 1995 rose 3\/32 to 103 23\/32 to yield 11.01 % . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 . 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at fixed 107 13\/16 to yield 3.43 % . 
The firm also will permit its members and the public `` to exercise their put and call options contracts traded on the Pacific exchange '' even if the exchange is closed , said Wayne Luthringshausen , chairman of Options Clearing . 
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate . 
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours . 
Whittle has met some resistance . 
Two other global liquor giants , Canada 's Seagram Co. and Britain 's Allied-Lyons PLC , also are possible buyers . 
U.S. and Soviet negotiators opened talks in New York aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals . 
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
Mr. Baker promises to return if the haunting continues . 
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support . 
Yesterday , Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Shearson shares lost 37.5 cents to $ 18.125 . 
We are deeply disturbed that a recent editorial stated that the `` Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 '' was `` crafted primarily by Democratic Senators Kennedy and Harkin '' with a premise `` based on the presumption that most Americans are hostile to the disabled ... . '' 
Moreover , the process is n't without its headaches . 
Notes , which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics , allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail . 
The Mahatma , or `` great souled one , '' instigated several campaigns of passive resistance against the British government in India . 
Some executives also cite tension because of efforts by Mr. Sorrell , a financial man , to cut costs at the agency . 
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro . 
Taipei was closed for a holiday . 
Mr. Allday 's appointment is subject to confirmation by the Senate . 
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America . 
Some economists found the mixture ominous . 
Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . 
Cases in Los Angeles County involving dependent children are usually heard in the Criminal Courts Building . 
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup . 
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon . 
Now comes word from a scientist that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the `` greenhouse effect . '' 
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . 
Even the minority of them who must register with the Securities and Exchange Commission as `` investment advisers '' -- people who are in the business of counseling others on the buying and selling of securities specifically -- have been enough to swamp the agency 's capacity . 
With proper warning , diabetics can easily raise their blood sugar to safe levels by eating sugar or sugary food . 
But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment . 
Mr. Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each . 
The plan , outlined in a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , also calls for creditors and shareholders to receive common stock and warrants in the new company . 
But unlike the other new leaders in the East Bloc , Mr. Krenz will face an immediate threat to his nation 's very existence : German reunification . 
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
Apogee said the charge stems from a building supply contract in which the company guaranteed a contractor 's performance . 
Analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates for the company , and their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak . 
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million . 
CALLIOPE : 
The drug czar claimed that enforcement efforts are working here , `` albeit at a slower and more halting pace than we would like . '' 
He said many portfolio managers , whose year-end bonuses are tied to annual performance , are selling now rather than risk seeing their gains erode further . 
More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports , and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , initial offering of four million common shares , of which 3.2 million will be sold in the U.S. , and the balance outside the U.S. , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Mabon , Nugent & Co . 
AGIP already has an oil stake in Libya . 
Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board . 
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
`` They 're getting some major wins , '' she added . 
`` If the number is a little better , then copper will respond positively , if it is worse then more selling could ensue , '' she predicted . 
The dollar finished mixed , while gold declined . 
A warrant permits a holder to acquire one share of common stock for $ 17.50 a share . 
`` I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating . '' 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
Although corporate due process is practiced today in few companies -- perhaps 40 to 60 -- it is one of the fastest developing trends in industry . 
The bids and rate proposals generally assume the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed , will go into operation . 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
Technology stocks , says Mr. Goldman . 
`` They have to work such long hours and then we expect them to be heroes if there 's an evacuation . '' 
The loss of 40 jobs by a depressed county in rural Missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : If the most environmentally safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in Atchinson County , what hope have we for dealing with the wastes our economy produces ? 
Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits and to wear glamorous dresses and spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too . 
The FM radio band , considered technically superior because it can carry stereo broadcasts , has cornered the airwaves for delivering music . 
Simon & Schuster retains the Corporation Law looseleaf service , which will become part of its Prentice Hall Law & Business unit . 
Mr. Engelken and Mr. Thomson drifted in different directions in the subsequent years , and the Polo Grounds , located under Coogan 's Bluff in upper Manhattan , was replaced by a public-housing project . 
His failures in those two areas deeply , and sometimes bitterly , disappointed many Indians . 
This perhaps was perceived as a `` bold '' stance , and thus suspicious . 
And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide . 
`` Lloyd 's is on the ropes , '' says Peter Nutting , a Lloyd 's investor for 17 years who now leads a dissident group threatening to sue exchange underwriters for alleged mismanagement and negligence . 
Like all Americans seeking chronic prosperity , I do find it necessary to plunge certain funds into conservative monetary tools , if only to assuage my father-in-law , who believes in such things . 
`` In the kind of literature I read I come across countervailing opinions quite frequently . 
A pair of black skimmers zig-zag past close to the surface . 
The company said it would have no further comment . 
It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come . 
But the brewer said Jeffrey Coors voluntarily gave up the position to focus more of his energy on Coors Technology Co. , a small unit of Coors he has run for several years . 
Despite valiant efforts by Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega , inflation came to 36 % in September alone and is expected to top 1,000 % for the year . 
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart . 
The mayor said the Quayle visit was `` a publicity stunt . '' 
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office . 
r - Revised . 
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS . 
Partly in response , a bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support . 
For example , paralyzed car-crash victims occasionally have some intact spinal tissues that , if preserved by emergency surgery , enable partial recovery . 
Contracting for non-residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion . 
$ 675,400,000 . 
Proceeds from those sales will be used to reduce debt . 
In testimony to the Senate securities subcommittee , Mr. Brady disputed the view of SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , who told a House panel Wednesday that he does n't want the ability to halt the markets . 
For the same fiscal year , by the way , the Bank 's net income was a robust $ 1.1 billion after provisions . 
But only after a fleet of 336 gargantuan earthmoving vehicles belonging to De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. , the world 's diamond kingpins , do their work . 
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk . 
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
`` That 's crazy . '' 
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes . 
Valley National had been paying a quarterly dividend of 36 cents a share . 
The decision to accept Credit Agricole 's bid , valued at 283.3 billion lire ( $ 207.4 million ) , came after a stormy weekend meeting . 
The state has sued these charities in state court , complaining that much of the money was grossly misspent ; 82 % , says Mr. Ormstedt , went to fund raisers and most of the rest to the people who ran the charities and to their relatives -- for fur coats , trips to Florida , Lucullan restaurant tabs . 
Mr. Gonzalez is also a stickler for ethical standards who refuses to accept honorariums and who believes in conducting official business in the open . 
Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall . 
After completing installation of the jackets on `` one frame '' of the freeway last year , the state DOT had sent the project over to its Sacramento engineers to draw up a final design . 
Axa would also maintain Farmers ' relationships with the insurance exchanges that it manages . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
Among the other alumni are Stephen Wolf , now chairman of UAL Inc. , and Thomas Plaskett , president of Pan Am Corp . 
This is indeed what the market decided . 
`` They look the same . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
Holly Stark , a vice president who heads the trading desk at Dillon Read Capital Corp. , said that once she figured out the Quotron numbers were wrong , she called brokers to tell them . 
Why did East Bloc participants unanimously endorse market-based pollution approaches ? 
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge . 
I add two others . 
This past summer , Quotron sold its customer-service unit , employing 600 , to Phoenix Technologies Inc. , a closely held computer-service firm in Valley Forge , Pa . 
There was no appreciable market impact from the California earthquake . 
After the payment , Healthcare still will be $ 6.5 million in arrears on rent and mortgage payments to HealthVest , a real estate investment trust whose portfolio consists largely of properties operated by Healthcare . 
Says one West German official : `` What 's necessary now is the process of democratization . 
In the additional time they provide even more order imbalances might pile up , as would-be sellers finally get their broker on the phone . 
Overall access minutes of use increased 10.3 % and toll messages jumped 5.2 % . 
In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses . 
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term . 
Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit `` has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality . '' 
Twenty-five years later , the Voting Rights Act has been transformed by the courts and the Justice Department into a program of racial gerrymandering designed to increase the number of blacks and other minorities -- Hispanics , Asians and native Americans -- holding elective office . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Analysts and financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash . 
`` In these circumstances , I think they 'd win . '' 
The Dow Jones industrials gained 4.92 , to 2643.65 . 
Northeast Utilities raised its bid for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which is operating under Bankruptcy Code protection , to $ 2.25 billion from $ 1.85 billion . 
The agency is preparing a report , to be issued today , on the earthquake 's impact on the property- and casualty-insurance industry . 
But , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength . 
Piping in a waste-treatment plant needed immediate repairs . 
Manhattan U.S. Attorney Otto Obermaier said it was the first time ever that the government had obtained any disgorgement from an organized crime figure indicted under the civil racketeering law . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Pittston closed at $ 18.50 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
U.S. District Judge Julian A. Cook Jr. announced the settlements as the jury trial was to begin yesterday . 
That 's higher than some other estimates . 
By late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet . 
That , in turn , is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate , a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans , by half a percentage point , to 10 % . 
Profit margins at U.S. company-owned stores in the quarter were up nearly 1 % , which the company attributed in part to lower food costs . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
With economic growth slowing , they say they believe the Fed should ease credit even further . 
Control Data Corp. , Minneapolis , signed a joint development agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to incorporate an emerging computing architecture in future machines . 
Once the consolidation is complete , Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication , hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications . 
Sullivan Graphics Inc. , offering of $ 110 million of senior subordinated notes , via Merrill Lynch . 
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown . 
At the firm 's annual meeting last night , he told shareholders that index arbitrage wo n't go away , despite the public outcry . 
Moreover , if the Fed holds tight , it may be able gradually to reduce inflation , moving toward the zero-inflation goal that the Fed chairman embraced in testimony to Congress last week . 
The shares represented 66 % of his Dun & Bradstreet holdings , according to the company . 
I actually thought that I might die . 
Last year 's series , broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC , was the lowest-rated Series in four years ; instead of featuring a major East Coast team against a West Coast team , it pitted the Los Angeles Dodgers against the losing Oakland A's . 
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city 's coast . 
The condition , known as paroxysmal supraventricular tachycardia , leads to dizziness and fainting . 
A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station . 
Nissan helped develop a Tokyo restaurant with both vehicles as its design theme . 
You might find something , but the chances are low , '' said Michael Ellman , an analyst at Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags . 
Just this week Mobil Corp. disclosed new cutbacks in its domestic exploration and production operations . 
The World Bank also offered 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.83 % via Credit Suisse . 
Prices for polyethylene , a common plastic and an important Carbide product , started to fall early this year ; the slide accelerated in the third quarter as buyers continued to trim inventories . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items , such as psychiatric care , in basic health plans . 
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract . 
Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment . 
Messrs. Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards . 
Nissan 's decades-old corporate song filled with references to Mount Fuji has been scrapped in favor of a snappy tune sung by a popular Japanese vocalist . 
The adoption agency insists on introducing the adopting parents to the birth mother , so Linda and Michael pay for pregnant Lucy 's ( Ms. Masterson ) bus ticket from Ohio . 
You 're probably right , and you are n't alone . 
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co . 
When the smoke cleared , six people were dead ( three from heart attacks ) , and everyone wondered what in the world they were shooting at . 
He added that concluding the deal requires approval by the governments of both countries , which have never had direct air links . 
He said the company was `` encouraged by feedback '' it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1 . 
Digital , Maynard , Mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM 's . 
At last report , Connaught had 21.8 million shares outstanding . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The reasons are complex , but one simple reason ought not to be underestimated . 
Paul Lesutis , who manages more than $ 3 billion of investments at Provident Capital Management Inc. , blames futures markets for leading the way . 
`` The prognosis is only fair , '' says Kathie Roberts , administrative director of the Texas Right to Life Committee . 
A waterworks official said Fujitsu will have to design the system so it would be compatible with other makers ' equipment . 
We 'll coordinate on this end to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila . '' 
In an interview , Mr. Joseph says his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk . 
Mr. Barre 's rule is crumbling fast . 
Outside the U.S. , he said , producer stocks at the end of August were 273,000 tons , down 3,000 tons from the end of July . 
`` Developments like this are hard to predict . 
A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys . 
Colgate , which acquired Helena Rubenstein in 1973 , sold the brand seven years later after the brand languished . 
Boston Edison Co. said it will take a previously reported $ 60 million charge against earnings in the fourth quarter . 
It was above 33 , adjusted for a subsequent split , in 1987 , and has n't gotten much higher since . ) 
But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high . 
DRACULA 'S BUSY this time of year , but a visit to his Transylvania castle is part of a Chicago-based Unitours trip in the spring , presumably the count 's off-season . 
Their 85 total bases broke a record for a four-game set , and their nine home runs tied one . 
The radio queries again . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
Strategists should consider the impact of budget uncertainties at the beginning of the planning process . 
The industry , which currently employs about 25,000 people in London , has shed about 2,500 jobs over the past two years . 
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday . 
What you then do is you make them think inappropriately . '' 
At issue is the deductibility of certain junk bonds that are used in most LBOs . 
Farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a reliable flow of lendable funds . 
Like the bacteria used by genetic engineers , the yeast can take in human genes and churn out human proteins for medical use . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group . 
The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising . 
The post of chief executive has been vacant since July when Terry Pryce , 55 , left the company . 
TVA , in its first public debt offering in 15 years , sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week . 
This year , by one means of transport or another , more than 18 million people will visit the city . 
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed . 
`` The problem with this administration , I think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense , the role of the NSC . '' 
The security command post , camouflaged as second-story retail space , has its own `` crow 's nest '' above the roofs of the other buildings , with a panoramic view of the entire center . 
Diversified Investment Group Inc. said it agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock valued at $ 13.75 a share , or about $ 24.4 million . 
These mega-issues are being propelled by two factors , economic and political . 
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related . 
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects . 
Analysts said they were impressed by the performance of the company 's newspaper group , which consists of the Times , 35 regional newspapers and a one-third interest in the International Herald Tribune ; group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $ 34.9 million from $ 34.5 million on flat revenue . 
Similar proposals were defeated in at least 15 other states . 
The move , subject to a definitive agreement , is part of a trend by big-city banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business . 
`` Fast-food jobs are n't popular no matter what they pay , '' says a Tufts official . 
`` Under this scrutiny , the first thing you do is sell your cyclical stocks and the second thing you do is sell your over-leveraged companies . '' 
Ford may seek all of Jaguar , setting the stage for a possible bidding war with GM . 
Aussedat Rey S.A. , a French paper producer , said it concluded an agreement with Japan 's Fuji Photo Film Co. that will allow Aussedat Rey to manufacture and sell thermal paper using Fuji technology . 
Faced with another Mr. Honecker , so many despairing East Germans are likely to flee that the two German peoples will get their reunification , de facto , on West German ground . 
Currently , there is a lull in the psyllium war . 
UAL , which is trying to reconstruct a buy-out bid that banks would n't finance , represents the future of one of the most powerful ingredients in the bull market - corporate restructuring . 
Economists do n't expect any such changes in this year 's address , given Mr. Lawson 's apparent reluctance to adjust policy currently . 
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur . 
Solidarity wants it from the West . 
Indeed , during Mr. Breeden 's confirmation hearing last month , senators asked him to introduce his children three separate times -- more often than they asked about his qualifications for the job . 
In addition , the two companies will develop new steam turbine technology , such as the plants ordered by Florida Power , and even utilize each other 's plants at times to take advantage of currency fluctuations . 
In major market activity : 
The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward . 
But Mr. Tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory . 
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines . 
In a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice . 
In reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the gravy train . 
The federation , with 5.8 million members nationwide , has been one of the sharpest critics of Exxon 's handling of the 11 million gallon tanker spill and has accused the company of repeatedly ignoring requests to meet and discuss it . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Union Pacific jumped $ 1.375 to $ 75 a share . 
Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long . '' 
A similar machine already on the market , made by Rank Sintel Ltd. , a unit of Rank Organisation , costs about $ 500,000 . 
When Roger Birnbaum , an executive who worked for Guber Peters in the early 1980s , left to take a job as head of production at the United Artists studio , they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` Rainman '' and `` Batman . '' 
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics . 
Mr. Glazier discovered that the Founders had worried that Congress might take the President out of the loop . 
Employees like the option but firms say it 's too tough to run . 
Paribas already holds about 18.7 % of Navigation Mixte , and the acquisition of the additional 48 % would cost it about 11 billion francs under its current bid . 
But GM 's results also illustrate the increasing diversity of its operations . 
The same evening that he was summoned for a warning from the Party , he was cheered by thousands of his supporters at a rally of what can only be called the Korotich party . 
Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier . 
This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group , announced the following appointments at its merchant-banking subsidiary Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
Advertisers do n't think of the magazine first , says Joan McCraw , who joined in April as national advertising director . 
But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further . 
The higher the ratio of hits to total words , the higher the presumed value to the reader . 
In a powerful separate opinion , Judge Oakes further distinguished the Salinger case by pointing out that a living person , like Mr. Salinger , had privacy rights that did not apply to a dead man , like Mr. Hubbard . 
What if it happened to us ? 
The fund 's cash position is now about 22 % , which Mr. Bacarella calls `` still bearish . '' 
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains . 
Then , if the stocks fell sharply , he planned to begin buying them aggressively , on the theory that the companies that insure against property damage and accidents will have to raise rates eventually to compensate for the claims they will pay to earthquake victims and victims of last month 's Hurricane Hugo . 
Closely held Intelligence in Education , of Larchmont , N.Y. , is an educational publisher and consultant . 
FEAR OF AIDS hinders hiring at few hospitals . 
When most spectators thought its position hopeless , the computer thought it was only , in effect , one-half of a pawn down . 
But the bill was passed without debate in the Diet , in the absence of the opposition . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
Now , Jerusalem says it is backing up its contention with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to Mr. Arafat . 
Fair officials say that 21,000 guests visited during the first five days , a 10 % drop from the spring exhibition . 
His allotment of materials also did , until the state could n't hold up its end of that bargain . 
A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % . 
They are buying an operation that is running well . '' 
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code , a company continues to operate under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts . 
A Lebanese Christian alliance accepted an Arab-sponsored proposal aimed at ending Lebanon 's 14-year-old civil war . 
LIN Broadcasting slid 1 3\/8 to 108 3\/4 , despite reporting third-quarter net of 46 cents a share , up from 39 cents the previous year . 
The Financial Times 30-share index ended 13.6 higher at 1772.1 . 
All of the bidders contemplate full payment including interest to secured creditors . 
The union represents about 28,000 engineers and technical workers . 
In late trading Friday , Jaguar shares bucked the downward tide in London 's stock market and rose five pence to 725 pence ( $ 11.44 ) . 
Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows and low-cost operations . 
At the Laurel race track , the breeders are romancing people like Tim Hulings , a beer packaging plant worker . 
However , unlike Messrs. Graedel and Crutzen , who are both pioneers in the study of atmospheric chemistry , Mr. Teagan has no special expertise in the area . 
-- Some 17.2 % of all money income received by families in 1988 went to the wealthiest 5 % of all families , up from 16.9 % in 1987 . 
Pending Shelby County , Tenn. -- $ 80 million of refunding bonds , Series 1989 , via a First Tennessee Bank group . 
Rising operating expenses are another problem . 
Some analysts said Inco , which had cash reserves of $ 272 million as of Sept. 30 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 10-a-share special dividend it paid last year . 
John Kriz , a Moody 's vice president , said Boston Safe Deposit 's performance has been hurt this year by a mismatch in the maturities of its assets and liabilities . 
Coupon , paid monthly , is one-month Canadian bankers acceptance rate . 
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view . 
Instead , Congress 's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $ 28.4 million . 
The judge now says it was `` unfortunate '' that he chose to write the letter but says `` there was certainly no intent to extort there . '' 
To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress since 1932 and have been able to translate such clout into relatively more local benefits for their respective constituencies , voters in the South have had an especially strong incentive to keep such Democrats in office . 
Southwestern Bell Corp . 
Last month , Mr. Ruskin proposed , among other things , to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
The three business areas engaged in rolling bearing operations continued to show favorable sales development . 
The Macy 's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97 . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
The former U.S. attorney , who prosecuted targets ranging from Mafia dons to Wall Street executives , has succeeded in raising questions about Mr. Dinkins 's ethical standards , but so far has failed to generate excitement about his own candidacy . 
Santa Fe Energy Co. , a unit of Santa Fe Southern Pacific Co. , bought from Amoco the rights that allowed it to drill the Sharpshooter . 
Their `` secret '' is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way . 
They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either . 
Coca-Cola Co. yesterday said singer Elton John signed to appear in an ad for Diet Coke . 
Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed `` child of the Senate '' and former staff director of its Banking Committee . 
A program-bashing move is clearly on . 
Consequently , Michael Darby , undersecretary for economic affairs at the Commerce Department , said inflation probably will edge up from the third-quarter rate in the final three months of 1989 . 
Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels . 
Deutsche Bank plummeted 12 to 645 , hurt by the general mood . 
`` Nonsense , '' she told an interviewer yesterday on London Weekend Television . 
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F-15 weapons system trainer . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % . 
Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor and the payment of all related costs and expenses . 
We are prepared to support those changes , '' said Mr. Mosbacher . 
Final approval was on a 67-31 roll call in the Senate , which sets the stage for a veto confrontation with Mr. Bush over the issue of publicly financed abortions for poor women . 
9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
No doubt many of his ideas are worthy , but ultimately he is proposing to make fundamentally flawed programs work slightly more fairly and efficiently . 
President Reagan vetoed this as a First Amendment violation . 
In fact , the current weakness in auto buying and department-store sales and the gradual upturn in the household saving rate suggest that consumers , conservative as ever , are already clutching their purses a bit more tightly . 
An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a British jury , pending a reassessment of the damages . 
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before . 
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up . 
But the firm has never had a day like yesterday . 
Apparently a lot , according to the British firm of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
Some fund managers say negative publicity has exacerbated investors ' concern about recent declines in junk-bond prices . 
Occidental Petroleum 
Dr. Blumenfeld concedes he did n't fully understand what he was buying . 
GAO 's findings are particularly troubling because the FHA has about $ 300 billion in obligations outstanding and had previously been considered one of the most financially secure credit programs . 
`` There is strong indication that ` Teddy Z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said John Sisk , senior vice president at J. Walter Thompson Co. , a unit of WPP Group PLC . 
But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a harmonious process into an adversarial one . 
Commercial customers can purchase the same system through Businessland Inc. , a computer retailer based in San Jose , Calif. , for roughly $ 3,000 more . 
DFC is held 80 % by National Provident Fund , New Zealand 's largest pension fund , and 20 % by Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-bank and securities-firm subsidiary of Salomon Inc. in New York . 
`` Ten years ago , a physician would go to a town and take out a loan ( to start a practice ) , '' says James Merritt , president of Merritt , Hawkins & Associates , an Irvine , Calif. , physician recruiter that conducted the survey . 
( Rexall Drug Co. vs. Tigue ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. vs. Hymowitz , and Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Hymowitz ) 
Car prices , another area that contributed to the steep rise in the wholesale index last month , still showed declines at the consumer level . 
One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 10.7 billion , or $ 175 a share . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
( Mr. Dingell , by the way , has decreed another NIH investigation of the Baltimore paper , adding to several previous investigations . 
Certificates of deposit do n't pay 23 % a year , for example , but that did n't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner . 
The raiders , meanwhile , have evolved their own pattern for spending their new millions . 
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts . 
The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said . 
These farmers may have a grip on the world 's very heart . 
Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader . 
P.J. Mode , Wilmer Cutler 's managing partner , says the trial team that represented Mr. Bundy was asked by the firm 's pro bono committee whether the new case posed a conflict and that no objections were raised . 
The earnings-per-share figures reflect a 25 % stock dividend in June 1989 . 
Control Data said it expects its first RISC-based mainframe machine to be introduced next year . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
It 's an optimistic move in a industry already facing world-wide overcapacity . 
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses . 
`` In my view , { massages } should be managed with an appropriate mixture of males and females around , '' he says . 
Debates are due to be broadcast nationally starting Nov. 21 in a six-month experiment . 
Pittsburgh figures it will be dethroned but plans to accept its ouster graciously . 
Insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from Chubb , coming on the heels of speculation that last week 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area would lead to higher premium rates . 
The appetite for oil-service stocks has been especially strong , although some got hit yesterday when Shearson Lehman Hutton cut its short-term investment ratings on them . 
Revenue was $ 4.75 billion , up 6 % from $ 4.49 billion . 
Most of the growth , he said , will come in the $ 35,000-to-$50,000 price range , where Mercedes has a 35 % U.S. market share . 
Ingalls Shipbuilding Inc. , a division of Litton Industries Inc. , was given a $ 15.5 million extension on a contract for shipyard services . 
The show , one of five new NBC series , is the second casualty of the three networks so far this fall . 
Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker : `` Wanted : one people . '' 
The South Korean government had been projecting a 5 % consumer price increase for the entire year . 
U.S. clearance also is needed for the proposed acquisition . 
Those chips were in dire shortage last year , hurting many U.S. computer companies that could n't get sufficient Japanese-supplied chips . 
Not to mention a generous federal pension . 
`` That 's different than wrecking them . '' 
It 's estimated that just about 250 hours of HD programming is currently available for airing . 
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said . 
At least 270 people were reported killed and 1,400 injured in the rush-hour tremor that caused billions of dollars of damage along 100 miles of the San Andreas fault . 
Dealers bought the used stamps cheaply from charities , including the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association . 
The products are aimed at a market expected to total more than $ 1 billion a year in sales by 1995 , said Morgan Buchner Jr. , vice president of transmission systems for AT&T . 
Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % from a year ago to 1,120,317 units because of a slip in exports , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said . 
A PaineWebber analyst said that in light of a new estimate of a production increase of four million metric tons and only a modest increase in consumption , sugar is n't likely to rise above the top of its trading range without a crop problem in a major producing country . 
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? '' 
Many bankers view property-sector loans as particularly risky . 
In coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public and a new political calamity . 
Although GM has U.S. approval to buy up to 15 % of Jaguar 's stock , it has n't yet disclosed how many shares it now owns . 
The common proposals for reforming the Fed would only make the situation worse , if they had any effect at all . 
Mr. Asquith , whose study on junk bond defaults caused a furor on Wall Street when it was disclosed last April , says this year 's junk bond defaults already show a high correlation with his own findings . 
IF YOU FORCE financial planners to sum up their most important advice in a single sentence , it would probably be a one-word sentence : Diversify . 
Soaring rights fees will lead to an even greater clutter of commercials . 
Mr. Kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago . 
The exchanges contend that dual trading improves liquidity in the markets because traders can buy or sell even when they do n't have a customer order in hand . 
Out of the $ 2 charge , the law firm pockets about $ 1.55 . 
United met the $ 38 but then withdrew . 
But the company has had weak results so far this year , with earnings declining 43 % to $ 13.7 million , or $ 1.43 a share , on a 4 % decline in revenue to $ 713.5 million through the first nine months of the year . 
Net fell to $ 65 million , or 67 cents a common share , from $ 93.7 million or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
The daily newsletter , which is n't widely available yet , will have a base cost of $ 2,000 a year and provides full text of relevant articles under license agreements with Reuters , McGraw Hill , United Press International , two press release news wires and Japan 's Kyodo news service . 
The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , `` as well as the intense competition in the company 's sanitary protection product line . '' 
But there is no defense at all for the ethos of the 1980s . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
They want it back . 
Yesterday it closed at $ 4.375 a share , up $ 1.125 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
And the group will urge that the federal government pre-empt state rules on what must be covered by employers ' health insurance . 
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
The surprise announcement came after the IRS broke off negotiations with Mr. Hunt on a settlement of the one-time tycoon 's personal bankruptcy case . 
`` A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop . 
But some investors continued to switch out of high-risk , high-yield junk funds despite yesterday 's rebound from that market 's recent price declines . 
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough . 
Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
Mr. Belli , who was at Candlestick Park for the World Series Tuesday night , says he has hired civil engineers to check out his own mildly damaged building and to investigate the bridge collapse . 
Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland . 
In the past several days , however , the U.S. 's central bank has allowed a key interest rate to fall slightly to try to stabilize the markets . 
Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 240 million , or 71 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues . 
`` I emigrated to wear better hats , do better parties , '' she said with a giggle . 
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change . 
`` Ken was my key contact , '' said J. Nicholas Hahn , president and chief executive officer of Cotton Inc. , which represents cotton producers . 
The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
American , a unit of AMR Corp. , is the nation 's largest airline . 
It 's an inherited human disorder that 's been duplicated in mice . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
In late trading , the shares were up a whopping 122 pence ( $ 1.93 ) -- a 16.3 % gain -- to a record 869 pence on very heavy volume of 9.7 million shares . 
Judge Keenan also directed the prosecutors to show that Mrs. Marcos 's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination wo n't be violated . 
Mr. Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects . 
Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action `` target '' for their group . 
Moreover , while Asian and Middle Eastern investors hoard gold and help underpin its price , silver does n't have the same mystique , dealers say . 
Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if Mr. Lortie was asked to leave . 
It is a bureaucratic country . 
Short interest in International Business Machines Corp. plunged to 1,425,035 shares from 2,387,226 shares a month earlier . 
ENERGY : The attitude was `` wait-and-see '' in crude oil futures yesterday in trading on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
Soon after the release of the U.S. trade figures , the dollar plunged to an intraday low of 140.95 yen . 
He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other . 
Some apply it to gouty joints . 
The damage will undoubtedly prove to be one of the epic human and economic disasters of the decade in this country . 
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . 
The U.S. 's interest in Somalia consists of a single runway at the port of Berbera , which U.S. military aircraft have the right to use for surveillance of the Gulf of Aden and the Indian Ocean . 
A recent change in French law , according to Toshiba , permitted formation of the semiconductor marketing arm in Paris . 
Yet it still held $ 916.3 million of repossessed real estate , for which it maintains no reserves whatsoever . 
In Mr. Luzon 's first year , the bank eliminated 800 jobs . 
At this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 1985 , Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso won the Sakura Gold prize of $ 143,000 for `` Yaaba '' ( `` Old Woman '' ) . 
The leading contender for the mayoral office , Democrat David Dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs . 
The numbers show that `` we do n't have a monolithic economy , '' said Isaac Lagnado , council research director . 
NEC said first-half computer sales totaled 555.5 billion yen , up 11 % from 500.26 billion yen a year earlier . 
The success of `` Batibot '' stands in marked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language . 
Holiday said its 15 % notes due 1992 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation at a price to be determined by Holiday prior to the commencement of the offer . 
Nicholas Hall , the president of the Colnaghi U.S.A. Ltd. gallery in New York , sold Mr. Paul `` Abraham and Sarah in the Wilderness '' by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo . 
A partisan fight over cutting capital-gains taxes has slowed the progress of 1990 deficit-reduction legislation almost to a halt , triggering across-the-board spending cuts under the Gramm-Rudman law . 
Time Warner emphasized in a news release that it should be evaluated based on its cash flow , which the company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . 
First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . 
Total revenue is expected to double to more than $ 22 million from $ 10.8 million . 
The transaction is part of UGI 's continuing program to shed AmeriGas 's industrial gas interests and expand the subsidiary 's propane business . 
The process will take as many as six months to complete , the company said . 
The clash is a sign of a new toughness and divisiveness in Japan 's once-cozy financial circles . 
Net Income : $ 66.9 million ; $ 1.36 a share \*\* 
Before the loan-loss addition , it said , it had operating profit of $ 10 million for the quarter . 
Given Hong Kong 's record , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' might have sounded unduly conservative when the interviews took place two years ago . 
Last Thursday , Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report , citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business . 
Mr. McDuffie 's sweet tone , heartfelt lyricism and rhythmic punch make him an ideal interpreter of both works . 
Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 1 3\/16 ; but volume totaled 1.2 million shares . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
Unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered . 
The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers object . 
To help residents in Northern California rebuild , FEMA intends to set up 17 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 400 to 500 workers from various agencies , said Robert Volland , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division . 
That is the state of Japan 's computer industry . 
And , defenders say , few people complain about futures when stock prices are rising . 
One suit , filed by more than three dozen investors , charges that Mr. Peterson misused much of the $ 9.7 million put into a limited partnership that he operated and promoted , spending some of it to pay his own legal bills and to invest in other companies in which he had an interest . 
The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point . 
In Japan , those functions account for only about a third of the software market . 
He said that while the U.S. trade gap with Canada has widened significantly , the trade deficit with Western Europe and Japan continues to narrow . 
Also , financial planners advising on insurance say that to their knowledge there has not yet been a tax ruling exempting these advance payments from taxes . 
The president also hinted he might veto this year 's intelligence authorization bill if it is too restrictive . 
In Japanese firms , the president usually is in charge of day-to-day operations , while the chairman 's role is more a ceremonial one . 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
And catastrophes are getting ever more costly . 
But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites . 
`` If we had the baskets , we would be leaving in caskets , '' one trader said . 
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % . 
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs . 
The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops and twisted alleys that made up the merchants ' district . 
Still , there are several billion dollars of zero-coupon CDs with various maturities outstanding . 
Twelve of UAL 's outside directors met at a five-hour meeting yesterday in Chicago to consider an informal proposal from the buy-out group for a revised bid . 
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
Psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing . 
The stock fell 7\/8 Thursday amid concerns over problems discovered with the chip . 
The coincidence might lead to the conclusion that short-sellers bet heavily on that day that OTC stocks would decline further . 
A Bank of New York spokesman in Manhattan , Owen Brady , said , `` That 's the maximum , outside figure . 
But it would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when these goals would be achieved . 
Farm-machine makers such as Caterpillar and Deere work in the metric system . 
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency , Friends of the Earth , etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited . 
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers . 
And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place . 
The books 1,500 entries include stepping on cracks and knocking on wood ... . 
At noon Friday , a senior White House official advised Richard Rahn , the Chamber 's chief economist , that the White House would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the Senate . 
During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president . 
Mr. Langton is among the legions of bikers who got their first taste of wilderness as hikers or backpackers . 
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans . 
In addition , they would receive some $ 200 million in payments for interest since then . 
But if the genes are damaged -- perhaps by radiation , a chemical or through a chance accident in cell division -- their growth-suppressing proteins no longer work , and cells normally under control turn malignant . 
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Sales were $ 730.1 million , up 7 % from $ 679.5 million . 
And neither can your pilot . 
Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia . 
That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
SHEVARDNADZE ADMITTED that Moscow violated the 1972 ABM treaty . 
`` You 'll have weird dreams , too . '' 
Motorola is in good company . 
According to a spokeswoman , they also relate to changes Franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal capitalization requirements for thrifts . 
The slow-growing mainframe market also has shown new signs of life lately . 
Congress has decided to raise $ 40 million by charging companies $ 20,000 for the honor of filing the required papers under the Hart-Scott-Rodino law . 
The direct-mail industry , not surprisingly , is fuming at the injustice of it all . 
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
This kind of theater was new to us . 
Net income : $ 44.9 million ; or 25 cents a share 
The 301-year-old exchange is battered by enormous claims from a decade-long run of unprecedented disasters , the most recent of which is last week 's earthquake in California 's Bay Area . 
Inmac recently disclosed a $ 12.3 million write-off related to a corporate restructuring that resulted in the company 's posting a $ 6.4 million net loss for the year ended July 29 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 9.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
`` I do n't think ( the reorganization is ) going to happen . '' 
The decision reflects the Fed 's tougher stance on enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act , a federal law passed in 1977 to help low-income residents obtain loans . 
Copper prices fell sharply Friday afternoon . 
Buying activity Tuesday centered on a wide range of midcapitalization , domestic demand-related shares whose prices range from 1,000 to 2,000 yen . 
The entire site is enclosed by a 6-to-8-foot-high ornamental iron fence with a small number of remote-controlled gates . 
My revolutionary system is also useful for those who have tried customary forms of growing their currency cushion . 
Perhaps the most disturbing finding is that the bowling alley may be an endangered American institution . 
But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken . 
The charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years to come . 
It also operates Waldenbooks , Pay Less Drug Stores and Builders Square home improvement stores . 
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery . 
Other network applications have very different goals . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 \* 
Despite health-care cost controls and programs to hold down inventory , the professional division , which makes products including sutures and surgical stapling equipment , `` achieved solid growth , '' Johnson & Johnson said . 
Co-authors David Savageau and Richard Boyer , live in Gloucester , Mass. , and Asheville , N.C. , respectively . 
Gases containing CFCs are pumped into polyurethane to make the foam used in pillows , upholstery and insulation . 
Karstadt AG said sales for its domestic group rose 4.6 % in the first nine months of 1989 from a year earlier . 
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market . 
But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Japanese agencies do business with rival clients in the same industry , a practice `` that would be unacceptable by traditional Western conflict rules , '' says Roy Warman , the London chief executive of Saatchi & Saatchi 's communications division . 
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic . 
Cleveland-based Sherwin-Williams produces paints and coatings , while the Los Angeles-based Whittaker coatings group produces industrial coatings . 
Fokker N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 150 million Swiss francs of convertible bonds due Nov. 15 , 1997 , with a fixed 4 % coupon at par via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act . 
Tell us about the HUD scandals . 
The oil company claims its yeast system also is better than bacteria at high-volume production of genetically engineered drugs . 
Finding a test case should n't be hard , but there is something to be said for picking the best one possible . 
That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines , making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets . 
The investor group includes Restaurant Investment Partnership , a California general partnership , and three Rally 's directors : Mr. Sugarman , James M. Trotter III and William E. Trotter II . 
Your Sept. 29 page-one story on the House-passed capital-gains plan is a good example . 
In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million . 
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health . 
One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' 
Bond Corp. said the acknowledged losses mean net asset backing is in the red to the tune of 53 Australian cents a share , vs. positive asset backing of A$ 1.92 a share a year ago . 
And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries . 
The increase was due mainly to a $ 325 million order from Turkey to equip its fleet of F-16 fighters with Loral 's ALQ-178 Rapport III electronic countermeasures system . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged a breathtaking 63.52 points in the first 40 minutes of trading Monday as stock-index arbitrage sell programs kicked in . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp . 
The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced , and Ford 's trucks are losing ground to their GM rivals . 
The incident was n't the only time the judge got special treatment from his local bank . 
For the 12 months ended in September , this index was up 5.1 % . 
A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours . '' 
An important part of my effort has been to understand the science so I can explain it to corporate colleagues facing major changes in product design . 
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations . 
Viacom attributed the improvement to higher earnings from operations in its networks segment , which includes the MTV and Showtime networks . 
The Paris-based group said its earlier projection -- that group profit for all of 1989 would be close to the 322.7 million francs posted for 1988 -- remains valid . 
Naturally , Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping `` top secret '' on their own complicity . 
`` I thought it was in the upper deck , '' said Bobby Thomson , now 66 years old . 
Direct-mail executives see GM 's stand as an ominous sign -- even if the junk-mail kings did bring it on themselves . 
However , a Canadian Embassy official in Tel Aviv said that Canada was unlikely to sell the Candu heavy-water reactor to Israel since Israel has n't signed the Nuclear Non-Proliferation Treaty . 
A battle is raging in Venice over plans to have the 1,200-year-old Italian city be the site for a universal exposition in 2000 . 
In addition : -- Soo Line jumped 2 3\/4 to 20 1\/4 , above the $ 19.50 a share that Canadian Pacific offered for the company in a takeover proposal . 
Since its founding in 1818 , Brooks Brothers , the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look , has eschewed flashy sales promotions and fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by . 
For Ms. Bogart , who initially studied and directed in Germany ( and cites such European directors as Peter Stein , Giorgio Strehler and Ariane Mnouchkine as influences ) tends to stage her productions with a Brechtian rigor -- whether the text demands it or not . 
Mr. Phelan has n't been making public remarks in recent days , and many people have urged him to take more of a leadership role on the program trading issue . 
It is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without CFCs . 
For example , student loans currently attempt to subsidize college attendance and mitigate problems created by the fact that students ' future earnings are not accepted as collateral . 
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates . 
Revising employee manuals on pensions , health care and other subjects costs over $ 25,000 a year for Bert Giguiere , president of Professional Agricultural Management Inc. , a Fresno , Calif. , provider of business services to farmers . 
Attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago , when reports of an imminent agreement circulated . 
Analysts expect the prices of live cattle futures contracts to rise in trading today in the wake of a government quarterly census that found fewer-than-expected cattle on feedlots . 
-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` Use of Proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made . 
Non-lawyers will be added to the inquiry panels that look into allegations of misconduct . 
Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said . 
Revenue rose 21 % to 22.61 billion francs from 18.69 billion francs . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
That was before the 1986 tax `` reform '' made taxes more complex than ever . 
In the past , the socialist policies of the government strictly limited the size of new steel mills , petrochemical plants , car factories and other industrial concerns to conserve resources and restrict the profits businessmen could make . 
`` He did it very well , '' recalls Boris Martinez , a former Panamanian colonel who managed Mr. Noriega and his operation . 
The stocks of computer-related companies located outside California improved , too . 
Tigrean armies are now 200 miles north of Addis Ababa , threatening the town of Dese , which would cut off Mr. Mengistu 's capital from the port of Assab , through which all fuel and other supplies reach Addis Ababa . 
It also ordered P&G to produce more studies to buttress its claims that Metamucil can lower cholesterol . 
Lisa Zeidner 's third novel , `` Limited Partnerships '' ( North Point Press , 256 pages , $ 18.95 ) is a stylish , funny and thoughtful look at the way love relationships are affected by the pressures of money , or , more specifically , the lack of it . 
The two most frequently rumored buyers , neither of whom would comment , were Coniston Partners , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , and New York real estate developer Donald Trump , who recently made and withdrew an offer for American Airlines parent AMR Corp . 
Not only did Mr. Ortega 's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region , it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections . 
Among the other actively traded blue-chip issues , Imperial Chemical Industries dropped 11 to # 10.86 , Hanson skidded 9.5 to 200.5 , and British Telecom fell 10 to 250 . 
Developers caution that broad applications are several years away because the technology is n't fully refined . 
Californians , meanwhile , tried to cope with still-limited services , blocked roadways and water shortages in the aftermath of the tremor that left scores dead and injured . 
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops . 
At IBM , the company 's Open Door system is sometimes the subject of memorandums from the chief executive . 
`` If you 're in the bond business playing the relative-performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points ( 0.25 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says Mr. Grant . 
The critics also lambasted the magazine industry for something executives often are very proud of : the growth in magazine titles during the 1980s . 
Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
International Paper fell 1 3\/8 to 51 1\/2 , Union Carbide eased 7\/8 to 25 , Chevron gained 1\/8 to 64 , and Eastman Kodak closed down 3\/4 to 44 1\/4 . 
Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock . 
Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
In the auto sector , Bayerische Motoren Werke plunged 14.5 marks to 529 marks ( $ 288 ) , Daimler-Benz dropped 10.5 to 700 , and Volkswagen slumped 9 to 435.5 . 
If someone asks , just lie and tell them it will be done , '' Mr. de la Bouillaire says Mr. Baird told them . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's and triple-A by S&P . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
The average maturity of the funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's remained at 38 days for the third consecutive week . 
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains . 
Or ever will . '' 
But fund officials said the Santa Fe Pacific Realty investment provides an opportunity to buy a stake in a large real estate portfolio heavily weighted with California properties . 
On other matters , Mr. Mulford said West Germany is contributing to imbalances in the world economy because of its success as an exporter . 
Helionetics Inc. said it agreed to team with a unit of Minneapolis-based Honeywell Inc. to provide power amplifiers for a new military sonar system being proposed by Honeywell . 
However , they said the company 's flat revenue was a disappointment , and an indication that sales of Polaroid 's new conventional film in the U.S. have been sluggish . 
I 'm certainly not comfortable saying we 've seen the bottom . '' 
Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. , which imports furniture and other items . 
Stock prices rallied in active trading . 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
They say that the recent injection of liquidity into the U.S. banking system has been modest , and they do n't anticipate significant easing by the U.S. Federal Reserve . 
Timber stocks got a big boost . 
Genentech faces competition in the cardiac-drug market from SmithKline Beecham PLC 's heart drug Eminase , expected to receive market approval shortly . 
However , when powerful forces start shaking the market 's structure , the more `` earthquake-resistant '' it is , the better its chance for survival . 
In the second quarter , contracts called for increases of 3.9 % in the first year and 3.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
Also , because of its reduced capital budget , Pemex has phased out about 50,000 transitory construction workers , reducing the work force to about 140,000 , the union leader says . 
Currency concerns also weigh heavily on interest rate-sensitive stocks such as banking and other financial issues because of fears that Japanese interest rates might have to rise to keep the dollar in check . 
In post-earthquake parlance , her building is a `` red . '' 
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond . 
Sales growth in the quarter was slowed by mounting pressure from groups of buyers , such as hospitals , to hold down prices . 
Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- New York and Birmingham , Ala . 
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says . 
NBC broadcast throughout the entire night and did not go off the air until noon yesterday . 
Immunex will contract with the spinoff to provide the research , development and initial testing of the new agents . 
In addition , under the highway-relief program , the federal government provides 100 % of emergency highway aid for only the first 90 days of a repair effort . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 400 million of 10-year debentures with a coupon rate of 8.80 % , priced at par . 
The British press , making a mountain out of a molehill , precipitated an unnecessary economic crisis by portraying Mrs. Thatcher as an autocrat who had thrown economic policy into confusion by driving a respected figure from her government . 
So he splashed the information on handbills that he distributed throughout the banana-exporting city of Puerto Armuelles , which was ruled by United Fruit Co . 
In this connection , it is important to note that several members of New York 's sitting City Council represent heterogeneous districts that bring together sizable black , Hispanic , and non-Hispanic white populations -- Carolyn Maloney 's 8th district in northern Manhattan and the south Bronx and Susan Alter 's 25th district in Brooklyn , for example . 
We go from one to the other . 
But in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws , if they meet certain procedural requirements . 
Folks in the Midwest who just suffered a mid-October snowstorm may wonder where the greenhouse was when they needed it , but let 's not be flippant about grave risks . 
Executives say Mrs. Coleman is very involved in the day-to-day operations , especially product development . 
In addition to softer production data , weaker housing starts and lower corporate profits currently in evidence , some analysts believe the two recent natural disasters -- Hurricane Hugo and the San Francisco earthquake -- will carry economic ramifications in the fourth quarter . 
Sotheby 's is offering such deals because it 's an art sellers ' market , at least where the best works are concerned , says Ralph Lerner , an attorney and author of the book `` Art Law . '' 
A large plant in Covington , Ga. , is to come on line next year . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
A supremely cautious man , the Fed chairman is forever blinking yellow . 
Texas Air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said . 
The personal antics of agency Director Amadou-Mahtar M'Bow drew much attention , such as when several of his top aides were uncovered as KGB plants and ejected from France and when a mysterious office fire was set just before Congress sent accountants to trace U.S. funds . 
While judges have an obligation under the First Amendment to safeguard freedom of the press , `` the right to deliberately alter quotations is not , in my view , a concomitant of a free press . '' 
International Business Machines Corp. unveiled a broad strategy to tackle the biggest problem that manufacturers face when computerizing their operations : Most machines ca n't talk to each other . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.48 , up 0.24 ; spot index 130.73 , off 0.03 . 
News of the bid drew sharp criticism from other computer companies and industry observers . 
A lot of taxpayers out there are n't as paranoid as one might think . 
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 . 
That way , Mr. Collins says , `` We did n't have to sell securities in a sloppy market . '' 
`` The others will probably be delivered as well , but Carnival will likely have to pay a higher price for them . '' 
Issuing states generally limit the guarantees to in-state institutions , however , and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children do n't attend the specified schools . 
He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip sliding across the floor . 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
Investors welcomed the move . 
People tend to be most loyal to brands that have distinctive flavors , such as cigarettes and ketchup . 
DISCIPLINARY PROCEEDINGS against lawyers open to public in Illinois . 
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations . 
`` There was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , '' said Susan Bryant , Oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association , which drafted a voluntary settlement plan for the states with Drexel . 
A side porch was ripped away . 
Japanese concerns have retained a number of publishing consultants and media brokers to study the U.S. market , including the New York-based investment banker Veronis , Suhler & Associates . 
Part of a Series } 
That idea may have backfired . 
So next day Mr. Cheney went out and did just that : He canceled the 600-ship Navy and cut back one carrier and 20 frigates . 
Some critics say they wo n't be quickly embraced by consumers because of the high price . 
But ozone creation is a very large-scale natural process and the importance of human-generated CFCs in reducing it is largely a matter of conjecture . 
Mrs. Marcos had claimed that she did n't have to turn over the documents because she was brought here involuntarily and because providing the materials would violate her marital privilege . 
Only three weeks earlier , the Merc had turned to one of its own executives , 40-year-old R. Patrick Thompson , to replace Rosemary T. McFadden as president . 
Sony Corp. won a pretrial order blocking U.S. sales of Justin Products Inc. 's `` My Own '' line of portable audio players for children . 
Common shares outstanding : 120 million 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
Output in the energy sector , which can vary greatly with swings in the oil market , rose 3.8 % in August from May but was down 7.1 % from a year earlier . 
Mr. Waggoner has been involved in a dispute with the board since August , when he ousted all the directors . 
He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress . 
Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 
The cats are fine , although nervous . 
`` Five were interested . '' 
When he later sided with striking hospital workers , some allies cringed a little more , concerned that Mr. Dinkins was setting the wrong tone for coming contract negotiations with city employees . 
A year earlier , Flowers had fiscal first-quarter net income of $ 8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 170.4 million . 
The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO 's Comedy Channel . 
Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
For $ 15 , they can enjoy their own nightly entertainment , with dinner , without mom and dad . 
Cancer patients needing prolonged radiation therapy , diabetics learning to manage their blood sugar levels , and cardiac bypass patients are among those who spend time on cooperative-care units . 
Contributing to the market 's reserved stance was the release later in the day of new data on the health of the U.S. economy , in the form of the U.S. index of leading indicators . 
`` We played catch-up in some areas , and sold off in some others . '' 
Many economists expect the weakness to continue . 
South Korea and the Soviet Union have no diplomatic relations but exchanged trade offices earlier this year . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.62 % . 
A state trial judge in Illinois gave preliminary approval to a proposed settlement of a suit against a Bank of New York Co. unit , Irving Trust Co. , over the interest rates on Irving 's former One Wall Street Account money-market deposit accounts . 
But most junk bonds closed unchanged after opening slightly higher on bargain-hunting by institutional investors . 
A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment . 
Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way , '' says Jerald Jellison , a psychology professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . 
Underscoring the size of the deficits of the past few years , the Treasury report showed that for the first time interest paid on the public debt -- $ 240.86 billion -- exceeded spending on Social Security , the single largest government program . 
While a decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up . 
It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire , because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant . 
The Belgian computer system finally was repaired and restarted on Tuesday of this week , with the aid of Toronto Stock Exchange officials who developed the system . 
Lee Co. , the jeans maker , celebrates its 100th anniversary with a hardcover yearbook featuring photos of its 10,000 employees . 
Mr. Jackson showed up at the affair to sign autographs for a fee as well . 
Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment . 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year . 
Engraph 's third-quarter net income of 15 cents a share actually was 7 % higher than the adjusted average of estimates . 
Lockheed reported a $ 32 million third-quarter net loss , largely because of cost overruns on fixed-price military contracts . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture . 
Not even an earthquake . 
The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
The mood changed after dealers reappraised the direct impact of the disaster on shares and Wall Street rebounded from early losses . 
In the Treasury market , the benchmark 30-year bond rose seven-eighths point , or $ 8.75 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
His `` Mr. Clean '' image was muddied by an arms-kickback scandal , which will be a major campaign issue . 
Instead , Congress opted for the inches , feet and yards the colonists had brought with them . 
One secretary testified that the judge once called her to his office while wearing nothing at all . 
In a prepared statement , the company said it expects to realize those gains before year end . 
Bonuses would be paid based on playing time and performance . 
Critics of poison pills argue that they harm shareholders by letting corporate management defeat takeover bids at premium prices and by deterring premium bids from ever being made to shareholders . 
LDI Corp. , Cleveland , said it will offer $ 50 million in commercial paper backed by lease-rental receivables . 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
Moody 's Investors Service said it lowered its rating on about $ 75 million of this Chatsworth , Calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 2012 , to Caa from B2 . 
The inclusion at one point , for example , of a list of glitzy modern-day malefactors , ranging from Jim Bakker and Leona Helmsley to Zsa Zsa Gabor , is a bid for a cheap laugh unworthy of Mr. Boyd 's ability . 
In an apparent attempt to keep a lid on short-term interest rates , the Fed once again pumped money into the banking system . 
Exhibit A is last week 's House vote to fund 40 pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that is at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
It would extinguish all of Eagle 's existing capital stock and issue new stock to York as sole holder . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged . 
`` It now looks like database IV Version 1.1 is n't going to be { widely } available until the first quarter of 1990 , '' said David Bayer , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
Fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
Sandoz said it expects a `` substantial increase '' in consolidated profit for the full year , barring major currency rate changes . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group . 
On the prospect for rebuilding northern California , investors bid up cement-makers Calmat Co. , up $ 2.75 to $ 28.75 , and Lone Star Industries Inc. , up $ 1.75 to $ 29.25 . 
THE EARTHQUAKE in San Francisco has sent few tremors through the hearts of real estate investors . 
It then determines which machine is free to do the task most quickly and sends the task to that machine . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
The drug , discovered in 1984 , is metabolized from soil fungus found in Japan . 
The report says the availability of such advanced analog recording equipment as cassette recorders does n't seem to increase the quantity of home copying . 
If they finish today , the Sharpshooter can pump tomorrow . 
Mr. Tomash will remain as a director emeritus . 
However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart . 
She and some friends are considering offering earthquake victims free yoga classes and `` aroma therapy '' -- massages with scented oils . 
But the transaction is just Mr. Peladeau 's latest step in a larger design : to build Quebecor through acquisitions into an integrated paper , publishing and printing concern with a reach throughout North America . 
The stock tumbled 2 3\/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it ca n't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee , Boehringer Mannheim , over its anti-anemia drug , EPO . 
PENSION AND PROFIT-SHARING RULES : 
Traders said that selling pressure was n't enormous and that the DAX dropped Friday more on a lack of any substantial buying interest . 
Softer-than-expected orders in early September also played a role , he said in an interview . 
Men would crawl in the sand looking for shiny stones . 
Actually , 67-year-old Mrs. Thi is about as poor as almost everyone else in this impoverished land . 
Litigation consulting is , as New York trial attorney Donald Zoeller puts it , `` highly manipulative . '' 
However , when negotiations bogged down recently , WCRS 's chief executive , Peter Scott , met in Paris with another French firm , Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit , or BDDP . 
I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The key corporate news of the day was that British Airways decided to withdraw from a management-led bid for UAL Corp. , the parent of United Airlines . 
One award is part of a Department of Defense contract to Loral Rolm Mil-Spec Computers and could be valued at more than $ 100 million over five years . 
The AFL-CIO , which previously opposed the administration 's subminimum idea , said the compromise has `` adequate safeguards , so the youth are not exploited and older workers are not displaced . '' 
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment . 
The two could n't be reached for comment . 
`` It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C . 
Revenue was $ 873.9 million , up 7.3 % from $ 814.8 million . 
Yesterday , in an interview , he added that the Democrats ' decision `` increases the likelihood that a capital-gains tax cut will not pass this year . '' 
And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month . 
Though the agency could remove Mr. Paul , it has no current intention to do that . 
As the death toll from last week 's temblor climbed to 61 , the condition of freeway survivor Buck Helm , who spent four days trapped under rubble , improved , hospital officials said . 
`` Everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise , '' observes Carol Farmer , a retail consultant . 
Edward Carlson awoke one morning last month to find eight holes in his front yard where his prized miniature palms , called cycads , once stood . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street , trading executives say . 
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually . 
Meanwhile , Japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading , stymied by the dollar 's resiliency . 
U.S. Memories said it will begin visits during the next several weeks to sites in Austin , Texas ; Colorado Springs , Colo. ; Middletown , N.Y. ; and Phoenix , Ariz . 
( Another one-third are already on Medicaid when they enter the nursing homes , a considerably higher proportion than the analysts anticipated . ) 
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . '' 
At age eight , Josephine Baker was sent by her mother to a white woman 's house to do chores in exchange for meals and a place to sleep -- a place in the basement with the coal . 
\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
In July , Par and a 60%-owned unit agreed to plead guilty in that inquiry , as did another former Par official . 
The ever-optimistic Mr. Wathen has learned that while acquiring a big brand-name company can be a shortcut to growth , it can also bring a host of unforeseen problems . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 300 million of Remic securities in 10 classes through Goldman Sachs . 
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson . 
`` People are breathing a major sigh of relief that the world did n't end Monday morning '' or yesterday . 
142.3 % of the 1977 average . 
Then I remembered the quake of '71 , which I experienced in Santa Barbara in a second-story motel room . 
For the latest nine months , Spiegel 's net climbed a solid 47 % to $ 23.8 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 16.2 million , or 34 cents . 
Revenue last year increased by more than 11 % over 1988 , and net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $ 900 million . 
Even Mao Tse-tung 's China began in 1949 with a partnership between the communists and a number of smaller , non-communist parties . 
The highest level was in June 1989 , when a daily average of 22.1 million shares traded in program strategies . 
The Anglo-French financier has indicated he intends to bid again for B.A.T if he receives approval . 
It has n't been operating since May 15 because of attacks by native landowners . 
The commission denied Mr. Semel 's request that the fine and suspension be delayed pending the appeal . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
A Chinese official harshly criticized plans to close a British naval base in downtown Hong Kong . 
But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families . 
`` A couple of things Mr. Newsom said were at least misleading , '' said Kevin O'Connell , one of the Washington regulators responsible for the handling of Lincoln . 
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high-yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields . 
The statement said a 5 % jump in the `` Peter 's Pence '' collection -- the annual offering from Catholics to the pope -- helped cover the deficit . 
But art that has fallen sharply in value is rarely put up for sale . 
The Commodore 64 and 128 , mainly used for children 's educational software and games , had surprised market researchers by continuing to produce strong sales even though other low-profit personal computers now operate several times as fast and have much more memory . 
The trial of Raful Edmond III in Washington serves to highlight our efforts in this area and the results achieved through our excellent working relationship with the Drug Enforcement Administration and the Metropolitan Police Department ( MPD ) . 
Meanwhile , for the second straight day , the bond market paid little attention to the Federal Reserve 's open market operations . 
Last week , the U.S. Chamber of Commerce began using its national TV show to seek help , such as equipment , for business owners . 
On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . 
Program trading is `` benefiting a few to the detriment of many and I wish someone would do something about it , '' he complained . 
Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund . 
Sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message . 
Moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the U.S. , bourbon has become fashionable in many foreign countries , a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore . 
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1\/8 to 37 7\/8 . 
He said Chrysler `` is no longer sure '' of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year . 
This is the year : Unsuspecting filers of 1988 personal returns are being picked randomly for thorough audits to help the IRS update its criteria for enforcement , audit selection , and use of resources . 
However , Atlantic Richfield preserved its twopoint advance in the previous session and added 1\/8 to 103 7\/8 . 
His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm 's tumor . 
While welcoming Nicholas McInnes 's Sept. 18 letter offering corrections to your `` World-Wide Tax Revolution '' table ( editorial page , Aug. 29 ) , I am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home . 
In Hong Kong , Sydney and Singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6 % to 4.4 % . 
Wang 's installed base is one of its greatest assets , and many of those customers remain extremely loyal . 
Kim Schwartz , a spokesperson for the American Red Cross in Los Angeles , said television and radio stations in San Francisco played a `` very positive role '' by providing the address of 28 shelters of the Red Cross and by giving out the Red Cross number for contributions to help earthquake victims ( 1-800-453-9000 ) . 
A bill giving the Transportation Department the power to block airline leveraged buy-outs cleared a House panel . 
There are no plans to initiate a common stock dividend , Mr. Johnson said , explaining that the board continues to believe shareholders are best served by reinvesting excess cash . 
To justify their exempt status and avoid penalties , these businesses must show once a year that each and every transaction on which they did n't pay sales tax was a legitimate business expense . 
Accord prices start at $ 12,345 . 
It is building , among other things , a new laser-beam-printer factory in western Japan that can produce up to 150,000 printers next year . 
Webster has 3.5 million shares outstanding and Eagle 2.6 million . 
It is known in the Pentagon as the `` negative wedge . '' 
Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested . 
North Atlantic Industries jumped 1 to 5 3\/4 . 
Since then , the ministry has announced 50 bans on food imports from European countries , including Italy , Spain , Turkey , Greece and the Soviet Union . 
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks . 
Marshall Y. Taylor 
That 's the only note that 's truly in tune ... ' . '' 
Late Friday , the company reported a loss of $ 51.3 million for the third quarter after earning $ 9.2 million a year before . 
But yesterday , Manhattan Cable announced it will launch Showtime on Nov. 1 to over 230,000 subscribers . 
The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress ( I ) , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence . 
And hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one ethnic group scrapping with another . 
He also contended that the plaintiffs failed to cite any legal authority that would justify such an injunction . 
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . 
It was further helped by Ford , which announced after London 's close that it had raised its stake to 12 % from just under 11 % on Tuesday . 
Volume for the entire month of September totaled only 21,687 contracts , compared with a daily average of 27,000 in the month before the 1987 crash . 
I think the market is in good shape . 
With limited budgets for television in a high-priced market , Mr. Florio 's higher recognition than his rival is a major advantage . 
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer . 
A widely held assumption all along has been that , given its robust economy , Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows . 
Franchisees ca n't be forced to go along with a franchiser 's discounting . 
Tolstoy 's characters eat , Pushkin 's , Gogol 's . '' 
Traders and analysts said the divergence between the stock and bond markets is a sign of growing unease about the economic outlook . 
Analyst Robin Young of John Kinnard & Co. , Minneapolis , calls himself `` the last remaining bull on the stock . '' 
Fruit of the Loom slipped 1\/8 to 12 3\/8 on 501,200 shares . 
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
`` If you take away the outside influences , the market itself looks very cheap . 
She crouched down by the car window and addressed her husband with her favorite nickname : 
For Mr. Jones , losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys -- and , this year , much of the National Football League . 
With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers . 
In a porous wicker basket . 
Is such a view justified ? 
The value of the company has changed . '' 
`` After a few years , you can argue there has been natural appreciation , '' says Susan Theran , the publisher of Leonard 's Annual Price Index of Art Auctions . 
All of the former board 's members were CPAs , provoking conflict-of-interest criticism because they were writing rules while handling clients ' books at the same time . 
It valued the transaction at $ 800 million . 
The Association of Outplacement Consulting Firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 1980 , to $ 350 million a year ... . 
Recent changes in average annual age-specific lung-cancer rates per 100,000 population by race and sex . 
The emphasis on market share is evident at Daikin Industries Ltd. , Japan 's biggest maker of industrial air conditioners . 
3 . Decide whether you want a panel system or a single adjudicator . 
All told , there are assets on the line valued at up to $ 1.03 billion . 
Arby 's is the marketing , franchising and service company for the 2,100 restaurants in the chain . 
`` You 'll see fewer gimmicks . '' 
What is pertinent is the calmness of that beauty , its sense of restraint . 
The banking company could n't be reached to comment beyond a written announcement . 
In the second quarter , American Pioneer reported a loss of $ 7.3 million , compared with net income of $ 1.1 million a year earlier . 
Declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outpaced advancers , 1,012 to 501 . 
He said the toy company 's `` prospects for a strong fourth quarter '' are also good . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse . 
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore . 
Bill Wames Sr. , 72 , is Catholic too , but unfazed by Mr. Florio 's stand on abortion . 
And that 's a problem . 
Under bankruptcy law , Eastern has exclusive rights for a certain period to develop its own reorganization plan . 
Its survey of 96 firms , each with 100 to 1,000 lawyers , shows that managing partners earned an average of $ 395,974 in compensation and cash benefits in the firms ' 1988 fiscal years . 
That purchase doubled Quebecor 's annual printing revenue to $ 750 million . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue ( AMT and non-AMT ) bonds , via a PaineWebber group . 
Humana , which wants to acquire one of the new machines itself , is on the record as opposed to the proposal . 
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million . 
Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments . 
We know it 's there . 
The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October that were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday . 
It 's a sound phenomenon . '' 
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups . 
Analysts were troubled by signs of flat U.S. orders at the computer maker . 
These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street . 
About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 
That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by House and Senate negotiators . 
`` The World Series , seven nights , was n't enough of an incentive , '' says Arnold Klinsky of WHEC-TV in Rochester , which dropped CBS for NBC six weeks ago . 
The stars do that themselves . ) 
The complex regulation , known in the industry as Order 500 , has been hotly contested by all sides , including natural-gas producers , pipelines , local distribution companies and consumers . 
In the play 's major scenes Mr. Boyd demonstrates that he has a firm grasp of the Shakespearean dynamic . 
What went wrong in Panama is a fitting subject for public and congressional inquiry . 
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
Sitting beside a banker at a luncheon in London , where he was working as a financial consultant , he learned that a large packet of Bally 's shares was up for sale . 
Mr. Meek said his suspicions were aroused by several foreign investments by Lincoln , including $ 22 million paid to Credit Suisse of Switzerland , an $ 18 million interest in Saudi European Bank in Paris , a $ 17.5 million investment in a Bahamas trading company , and a recently discovered holding in a Panama-based company , Southbrook Holdings . 
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re-elected . 
Housing and Urban Development 's budget is $ 17 billion . 
To the amazement of some traders , takeover stocks were climbing again . 
When district authorities allowed him to resume manufacturing , they released only one of his machines . 
Ms. Avedisian believes that the mutual funds are selling muni bonds that have a negative convexity -- those that have appreciated in price slowly relative to the decline in interest rates . 
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 . 
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions . 
-- It is generally desirable to use older textbooks -- many of them , alas , out of print -- rather than newer ones . 
`` This is a democratic process -- you ca n't slam-dunk anything around here . '' 
J.P. Morgan & Co. , New York , will help the statutory managers of DFC New Zealand Ltd. to evaluate the failed investment bank 's condition . 
Scott Wakeman was named president and chief operating officer of U.S. operations , titles that had been held by Mr. Weekes . 
William C. Barksdale Jr . 
The European Community Commission increased its forecast for economic growth in the EC in 1989 to 3.5 % , slightly higher than its June projection of 3.25 % . 
Currently , if the person taping is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line . 
Paris closed lower , and most Brussels shares were unable to trade for a second consecutive day because of technical problems . 
`` Teddy Z '' was boosted by favorable reviews and a network-wide promotional tie-in contest with K mart Corp . 
John F. Merrill 
General Dynamics was sued by the families of five Navy divers who were killed in 1982 after they re-entered a submarine through a diving chamber . 
U.S. officials expressed skepticism over an Israeli effort to show the PLO continues to practice terrorism . 
-- Letter from Eduard Shevardnadze to U.N. Secretary-General Perez de Cuellar , reported in Tass , June 10 , 1988 . 
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much . 
Both ads were designed by Omnicom 's DDB Needham agency . 
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation . 
Mr. Maynard is n't the first entrepreneur to bump up against entrenched interests . 
The 1981 novel `` Wedding Song '' also is experimental , and another badly aimed bullet . 
But for now , at least , Americans are far better at making PCs and the software that runs them . 
Perhaps Mrs. Thatcher understands better than those distressed at her style that ultimately history and Britain 's voters will decide who is right about Europe , sanctioning South Africa or running Britain 's economy . 
And William E. Wetzel Jr. , a University of New Hampshire management professor and director of Venture Capital Network Inc. , says the market 's gyrations will underline the investors ' lack of control in big stock investments . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
In 1988 , 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise , district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work . 
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says Mr. Canelo . 
A Chemical Securities group won a $ 100 million Oregon general obligation veterans ' tax note issue due Nov. 1 , 1990 . 
In April , Hoechst , the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany , said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50 % by 1993 . 
Soybeans averaged $ 5.28 a bushel , down 42 cents from September ; corn averaged $ 2.20 , down seven cents , and sorghum grain averaged $ 3.61 for each hundred pounds , down 19 cents , according to the department . 
San Francisco lawyer Timothy H. Fine , who represents franchisees , insists California 's cautiousness helps protect franchisees from crafty sales negotiators who push unlawful clauses . 
It also sells single-premium annuities to individuals . 
Mr. Asman should make distinctions among Fidel , the army and the Cuban people . 
The building houses about 4,500 Chase workers , most of whom will be moved to downtown Brooklyn after the bank 's new back office center is completed in 1993 . 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ? 
Ford is `` in the driving seat at the moment , '' observed Bob Barber , an auto analyst at brokers James Capel & Co . 
`` My name is judge , '' Judge O'Kicki told a car salesman in Ebensburg when he bought a new red Pontiac Sunbird in October 1984 , according to the grand-jury report . 
Lawmakers , they say , would avoid putting many spending projects into legislation in the first place for fear of the embarrassment of having them singled out for a line-item veto later . 
But it fell to 1.8470 marks from 1.8485 . 
The rest , as they say , is history . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
Ms. Parks 's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander . 
Allegany Health System -- three-part issue of $ 156.7 million of revenue bonds , tentatively priced through a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
The funds will be used for refinancing existing debt of the Washington , D.C. , concern at lower interest rates and for other general purposes . 
Still , the directors said , `` Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is solvent . '' 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text . 
At times , salesmen may embellish the inside information with `` the notion that this is some slightly shady , slightly illegal investment the person is being included in , '' says Mr. Cunningham . 
Sen. Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago and volunteered his testimony to fellow Democrat Rep. Henry Gonzalez . 
The Phillips plant makes polyethylene , polypropylene and other plastic products . 
Futures , on the other hand , are a zero sum game -- a market for making side bets about the direction of stock prices . 
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger . 
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967 , according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret . 
Revenue slipped 1.2 % to $ 2.21 billion from $ 2.23 billion . 
The estimates of real gross national product prepared by the Bureau of Economic Analysis in the Department of Commerce significantly understate the rate of economic growth . 
Wilmer Cutler 's brief argues that there is no mandatory appellate review of capital sentences and that the inmate who filed the appeal lacks proper standing . 
Gerald C. Beddall , 47 years old , was named president of the Clairol division of this pharmaceuticals and health-care company . 
Diversification pays . 
Mr. Carter is a political commentator who heads a television production firm . 
India 's Gandhi called for parliamentary elections next month . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
Though the trading halts are offered as a sign of concern about recent stock market volatility , most Wall Street firms remain open to handle program trading for customers . 
Darkness fell . 
Stop-loss orders are placed previously with instructions to execute them if the market hits a predetermined price . 
The Big Board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and index-arbitrage traders . 
`` All these interconnected computers make it difficult to sort out what 's junk and what 's important , '' says Chuck Digate , a former Lotus Development executive who has started a new company to cope with the problem . 
Holiday Corp. said net income jumped 89 % , partly on the strength of record operating income in its gaming division . 
None of the diabetics were using Lilly 's insulin . 
In what amounts to an admission that the transition has n't gone as smoothly as Sears had hoped , the giant retailer is now trying new ways to drum up business without appearing to abandon its seven-month-old strategy . 
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year . 
Mr. Dempsey estimated that the issue 's London debut was accompanied by `` very , very heavy turnover -- between five million and six million shares . '' 
On Wednesday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. had to slash the size of Continental Airlines ' junk-bond offering to $ 71 million from $ 150 million . 
`` Such bonds are very sensitive to the downside , and this could be a disaster . '' 
Industry analysts speculated that Mr. Price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with Mr. Gatward . 
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . '' 
The company was able to assess its damage liability quickly because it has computerized maps of Northern California showing the exact locations of all the property it insures . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms . 
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear . 
To help close the gap , Nissan recently established a top-level cost-cutting committee . 
`` The ventilation here is great ! '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . 
Many of the adjusters employed by Aetna and other insurers have some experience with construction work or carpentry . 
NatWest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 300 , up 1 . 
( Dong-A had had a technology agreement with Jeep maker American Motors Corp. , now a part of Chrysler Corp . ) 
GE is defending itself against government criminal charges of fraud and false claims in connection with a logistics-computer contract for the Army . 
( The companion tax-exempt funds add $ 71 billion . ) 
The spokesman said that the proposed guidelines caused Crossland to revise its business objectives and , consequently , to write down the asset value of some previous acquisitions . 
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees . 
Failure to pay the dividend allows Yukon to convert all or some of its shares into NBI common after Nov. 30 , at a conversion price based on NBI 's closing stock price . 
Sales in the latest period edged up to $ 295.7 million from $ 293.9 million . 
One group of middle-aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city . 
`` The ( paper ) loss here is very small '' for these sub-underwriters , observed John Nelson , a Lazard managing director . 
At its strongest , the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
For example , China 's hard-currency income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist arrivals since June 4 . 
Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working or non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping , laundry and cooking , and about two-thirds of housecleaning , washing dishes , child care and family paper work . 
Because only a fraction of them are ever prosecuted , nobody really knows how much money bogus telemarketing operators really harvest . 
The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts . 
MGM Grand Inc. said it filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission for a public offering of six million common shares . 
Mr. Etzioni also suggests forbidding anyone from gathering background information about the jurors . 
Intermoda will initially only send the textile and clothing section of the Quelle catalog , translated into Russian , to Soviet customers who have access to convertible currency . 
That suit is pending . 
After all , Mr. Muniak says , `` in Poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment . 
While Seita retains a manufacturing monopoly in France , it is being hurt by rising imports and from waning cigarette demand . 
`` There are going to be very clear winners and very clear losers , '' says Cynthia Turk , a Touche Ross & Co. retail consultant . 
President Bush and Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev will hold an informal meeting in early December , a move that should give both leaders a political boost at home . 
California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans . 
This may have been true 10 years ago , but times have changed , even in Utah . 
But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that . 
`` The secret to being a good adjuster is counting , '' says Gerardo Rodriguez , an Aetna adjuster from Santa Ana . 
Mr. Morishita 's main business certainly appears to be thriving , although he wo n't disclose numbers . 
The union said late last night that it is still committed to majority employee ownership and that the labor disputes that faced the company prior to the buy-out effort `` still need to be addressed . '' 
`` When stocks stabilized , that was a disappointment . '' 
David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 
The story of a playwright 's stage debut unfolds in first-person monologues , in the manner of Faulkner 's `` The Sound and the Fury . '' 
The offering is rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , based on the quality of the underlying home equity loans and a letter of credit covering 10 % of the deal from Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Another upshot , however , was the chilling message the Bork hearings sent into the judicial culture from which the Supreme Court draws its talent . 
The Packwood plan , as expected , would allow individuals to exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
Although time and place have yet to be determined , some details are in place . 
First , the price of natural gas will have to almost double . 
`` He taught me how to play like a gypsy , '' jokes the musician . 
Analysts expect others to show a similar pattern . 
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 . 
`` What you 'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish , '' predicts Woolworth 's Mr. Sells . 
We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs . 
Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter . 
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The KGB has abolished a unit known for persecuting dissidents , the government newspaper Izvestia said . 
Now Robert Parker , author of several best sellers featuring Spenser , a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold , has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete `` The Poodle Springs Story . '' 
Like most analysts , Mr. Dennis was hesitant to read too much into one month 's numbers ; but he said , `` It indicates perhaps that the balance in the U.S. economy is not as good as we 've been led to believe . '' 
This growth sector , which usually carries a price\/earnings multiple about twice that of the Standard & Poor 's 500 , happens to include some of the market 's most attractive bargains right now . 
If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP . 
The two countries aim to reach an agreement by early December on a package of accelerated tariff cuts that would take effect early next year . 
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The real estate investment trust said that it leased the three Florida facilities to National Health Care Affiliates Inc. of Buffalo , N.Y . 
The company later apologized and agreed to make $ 8 million in contributions to charities chosen by him . 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
Nissan had record net income of 114.63 billion yen ( $ 868 million ) in the fiscal year ended last March 31 , a remarkable recovery from the 20.39 billion yen of two years earlier , when the company lost money on operations . 
HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects , none of the others has been approved and not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them . 
One vocal critic of the changes , Chicago lawyer Warren Lupel , says non-lawyers should n't be on the inquiry panels because they are unlikely to appreciate the nuances of attorney-client relationships . 
Frank J. Ollari was named senior vice president in charge of the mortgage finance department . 
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise . 
So far , it appears cautious about taking the big step . 
Mr. Icahn , who played a key role in the settlement and attempted subsequently to take control of the company , sold his stake in Texaco just last summer . 
Upon examination , however , I wondered whether the plan made a lot of sense . 
Selling a call option gives an investor a small buffer against a stock-market decline . 
The growing crowd of Japanese investors buying up foreign companies are n't all strait-laced businessmen in dark suits . 
But Middle East supplies were growing in importance . 
Last night , after meeting with Mr. Bush and administration officials at the White House , Mr. Dole proposed streamlining the fiscal 1990 deficit-reduction bill , now stalled in a House-Senate conference committee , and passing a long-term extension of the federal debt ceiling without any accompanying amendments . 
Mark Page , New York 's deputy director of finance , said that investors ' concerns about the city 's financial health are `` unwarranted given our proven ability to manage ourselves . '' 
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates . 
Some countries also have been pressing for special treatment for Hungary and Poland as they move toward more democratic rule , just as special treatment had been agreed on for China . 
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy . 
-- Freshman football player . 
12:38 a.m . 
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada . 
Mr. Lieber , the actor who plays Mr. Hoffman , says he was concerned at first that the script would `` misrepresent an astute political mind , one that I admired , '' but that his concerns were allayed . 
`` Then there 'll be another swing . 
A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7 % , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator . 
`` The second time , '' he says , `` they left the shovel . '' 
Still , Steve Cohen , an analyst at SoundView Financial Group Inc. , said , `` I do n't see that this will be sufficient to give IBM a significant kick in the fourth quarter . '' 
Time officials declined to comment . 
-- `` The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence , such as punching and slapping by coaches . 
`` He had an elegant uniform with gold buttons in a country where there was a cult of militarism , where officers were the elite with special privileges , '' recalls Darien Ayala , a fellow student in Peru and a lifelong friend . 
`` The hero of my youth , the one person in history I 'd most like to meet . 
Leverage is never a problem for the traditional `` open end '' mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all . 
In the cornucopia of go-go apples , the Fuji 's track record stands out : During the past 15 years , it has gone from almost zilch to some 50 % of Japan 's market . 
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument . 
The other lawyer in the office is partner Robert A. Macari , the firm 's legislative director . 
We have as much nostalgia as anyone for those leafy , breezy days in Washington when honorable men and women dickered over budgets and even log-rolled a bit to see that the bridges got build , roads paved , soldiers paid or that the desperately poor were cared for . 
The fund also might buy and sell futures and options contracts , subject to approval by the New York State Insurance Department . 
It makes extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum that sets off black granite table tops and a gray terrazzo with zinc-strip floors . 
`` He 's sharp as a tack . 
NBC 's options could range from news-oriented programming to sports shows , although the network declined to comment . 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board . 
PAY FOR PERFORMANCE hangs mostly on boss 's subjective view . 
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp . 
Mr. Neff says the stock market has lost some powerful driving forces , namely earnings growth and the `` LBO sweepstakes '' -- buy-out fever that induced investors to bid up whole groups of stocks , such as media and airlines . 
If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism . 
AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be `` disappointing '' as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs . 
Some of our best and most idiosyncratic film makers -- from Truffaut to Fellini to Woody Allen -- have taken a cue from Chekhov : When it comes to compelling drama , there 's no place like home . 
The House is scheduled to vote today on an anti-airline-takeover bill that would block , for up to 50 days , any bid for 15 % or more of a U.S. airline , even a straight cash purchase . 
But it now offers more two-button versions and suits with a tapered fit . 
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure . 
For all of 1988 , union contracts provided for 2.5 % wage increases in the first year and 2.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
A bitter conflict with global implications has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan , two of the world 's most powerful financial companies . 
Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both . 
You might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck . 
Westmoreland 's strategy is to retain and expand its core business of mining and selling low-sulphur coal in the Appalachia region . 
Indeed , when the Bush administration finally decided this summer to renew import restrictions -- arguably the most important decision to affect the steel industry in five years -- Mr. Corry and his directors were aboard helicopters , high above Marathon 's rich oil reserves in the North Sea . 
But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen , which are demanding more influence over the German Airbus operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled Northern German region . 
But with sales growth sluggish and other men 's stores putting on the heat , the venerable retailer can no longer afford such a smug attitude . 
Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units . 
Stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting Dec. 13 . 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
He bites it , scowls and throws it down . `` 
But other Japanese institutions say privately that they are considering asking to join the 59-dealer selling group . 
CBS Sports earned $ 50 million or so last year . 
He adds that `` they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault . '' 
Yesterday , when similar securities rebounded , it bumped the valuation up again . 
Mr. Lang surprised Time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates individually with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers . 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
`` Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , and customer service and loan representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions and provide them with information about their accounts , '' according to John Kelley , executive vice president and corporate services group manager at First Tennessee . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 18.65 points , at 2638.73 , after plunging over 60.25 points in the morning . 
`` Who knows , '' he says , `` if he heard that soybeans make money today , he might be flying out to Chicago tomorrow . 
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
The Treasury marked up its forecast by $ 17 million in July , but that proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic . 
If the heavy outflows continue , fund managers will face increasing pressure to sell off some of their junk to pay departing investors in the weeks ahead . 
Mr. Platt is advising clients that `` the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward . '' 
Mr. Ingersoll later recalled that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S. . 
Mr. Donohoo is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 11 . 
For complex cases , judges sometimes allow many more . 
Walter Litvinchuk , vice president of Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd. , a Calgary-based gas marketing concern , said the industry will welcome the move . 
For the nine months , the mining company posted a 40 % drop in profit to $ 30.1 million , or 31 cents a share , from $ 50.6 million , or 52 cents a share , on a 6 % rise in revenue to $ 323.2 million from $ 305.7 million . 
Insurance stocks continued to climb on expectations that premium rates will rise in the aftermath of the earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests . 
Banco Exterior was one of the last banks to create a brokerage house before the four Spanish stock exchanges underwent sweeping changes in July . 
For one thing , quite a number of the leading spokesmen on Wall Street are not portfolio managers , who understand that the value of assets is greatly affected by how government taxes those assets . 
Some analysts have estimated IBM 's fourth-quarter per-share earnings will fall 10 % to $ 3.57 a share from $ 3.97 a share a year earlier . 
Such orders can have a wide-ranging impact on third parties who do business with the defendants , including clients , vendors , banks , investors , creditors , dependents , and others . 
With support from the IRS , Manufacturers Hanover has filed suit asking Judge Abramson to subordinate Minpeco 's claim to those of Manufacturer Hanover and the IRS . 
With no petroleum-related news or changes in the fundamentals to dictate price moves , `` technicians are wanting to sell this stuff , '' said Eric Bolling of Edge Trading Corp . 
Last March , Isetan invested 1.5 billion yen ( $ 10.6 million ) in a venture with Barney 's Inc. , an up-scale New York specialty clothier . 
Nonetheless , `` Delmed currently expects that 1990 sales ... will be significantly below their 1989 level , '' the company said in a statement . 
The yield on the issue stood at 7.88 % . 
`` This tells you AT&T is serious about continuing to manage their cost structure and is committed to 20%-a-year earnings growth , '' said Jack Grubman , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
A daily news briefing from the company librarian , for example , would have a distinctive format on the screen , just as a paper version would have . 
Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid . 
The major reason : heavy outflows from high-risk , high-yield junk bond funds . 
Canada , at times , could be an awkward OAS partner for the U.S. if its United Nations voting record is an indication . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.34 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.46 percentage points . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
For that matter , perhaps he fixed to the wrong currency . 
The establishment of the separate company , to be called Courtaulds Textiles , could be effective as early as next year 's first quarter . 
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29 , on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group . 
Bell Resources is acquiring Bond 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.9 billion ) . 
Tokyo stocks posted a second-consecutive loss Monday , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , was mixed . 
So the SEC has proposed to Congress that much of the job of oversight be turned over to an industry-funded , self-regulatory organization patterned on the National Association of Securities Dealers , which operates in the brokerage business . 
Located six miles northeast of Venice , the field contains 875 billion cubic feet of methane gas - one-tenth of Italy 's reserves . 
Of the $ 4.4 billion spent so far on the program , 60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the Office of Technology Assessment just reported . 
All the tie-ins , though , have some marketing experts questioning whether the party may go too far . 
There 's a beautiful , Coplandesque motif -- he 'd kill me if he heard me say that -- throughout the first movement ... 
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing . 
Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power , but Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon and stripped it away . 
Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . 
But it said the year-earlier results included gains of $ 23.5 million from divestitures . 
A 190-point plunge in U.S. stock shares compounded the view , they say . 
Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates . 
The most controversial form of program trading , stock-index arbitrage , is `` making it tough for traders to make money , '' declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Today , Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads . 
`` The bottom line is , it seems to me that the economic environment has become very , very competitve for a lot of businesses , '' he said . 
But how sweet it is . 
Besides the marketing agreement , GRE said Nationwide Anglia has agreed to develop life insurance products with the composite insurer . 
There are two exceptions : Josh ( Jeffrey DeMunn ) , the local doctor who has always loved Kate ; and Lincoln ( Richard Masur ) , Kate 's simple-minded but affectionate brother . 
New York City : 
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was at about $ 366.85 an ounce . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
First comes monetary expansion to drive down the currency 's value that was pushed up by tax-rate reduction . 
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says . 
Then , in May 1988 , Mr. Tisch urgently needed to make a bold statement to quell rumors that he might sell the network . 
Eagle 's plastic type sharpens and looks like a wooden pencil . 
When Democrats refused to budge , pro-life Republicans met at the White House with Chief of Staff John Sununu on Monday , and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto . 
Motorola 's Austin operation was one of the first to lose patience , deciding a few years ago to junk any bulk mail that was n't addressed to an individual . 
Program traders were publicly castigated following the 508-point crash Oct. 19 , 1987 , and a number of brokerage firms pulled back from using this strategy for a while . 
Such sentiment only encourages the adverse feelings toward Turkey that surfaced when Turkey asked for assistance in dealing with its Bulgarian emigration crisis . 
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc . 
`` Most of the LBO guys do n't know how to run a business anyway . '' 
Sea Containers said the offer will proceed after the Bermuda Supreme Court lifts or modifies an interim injunction restraining the company from buying its shares . 
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
As part of the agreement , Mr. Gaubert contributed real estate valued at $ 25 million to the assets of Independent American . 
A federal judge in Manhattan has entered a judgment requiring a Chicago organized crime figure to pay the government $ 250,000 , representing alleged profits he gained from his involvement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters . 
Moreover , he says , Irish companies are small but spunky . 
Opponents do n't buy such arguments . 
It 's the most controversial form of program trading because it can create abrupt price swings in the stock market . 
Annuities are rarely a good idea at age 35 because of the withdrawal restrictions . 
The transaction is subject to approval of NRM unitholders of record on Oct. 23 , among other conditions . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Dealers said they viewed the initial # 390-million ( $ 622 million ) outlay for a 15 % stake in the airline as a bit much . 
Eavesdropping -- both corporate and private -- is on the rise , thanks to the proliferation of surveillance technologies . 
The U.S. government 's Sverdlovsk complaint , as with Krasnoyarsk , is no mere political posturing . 
`` By doing it in this manner we can have , I would say , more time without the press of social activities or mandatory joint appearances , things of that nature for public consumption , '' Mr. Bush said . 
All week there has been much speculation in financial circles in Tokyo and abroad about the ministry 's real position . 
Succeeding Mr. Whittington at Morgan Grenfell & Co. is Richard Webb , 50 , currently deputy chairman . 
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges . 
In February 1988 , for example , Merrill Lynch 's weekly commentary announced that `` the economy is likely to fall into recession in early 1989 . '' 
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady . 
P&G set out to reposition the brand by broadening the product line to include facial cleansers and moisturizers for sensitive skin . 
He said the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again . 
Groused Robert Antolini , head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette : `` It 's making it tough for traders to make money . '' 
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers . 
Thomas M. Bloch , president and chief operating officer , says `` I would disagree '' that the tax business is mature . 
The trading has been blamed for much of the market 's recent volatility . 
Meanwhile , President Kume ordered everyone from top executives to rookie designers to go `` town watching , '' to visit chic parts of Tokyo to try to gain insights into developing cars for trend-setters . 
And when many firms had to `` pay up , '' Monday 's sudden rally was sparked . 
In the U.S. , Deloitte , Haskins & Sells was known as Haskins & Sells until 1978 , when it added the `` Deloitte '' name of its British affiliate . 
Because the funds ' investments are denominated in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar . 
Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders and created confusion among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market . 
Working students , she explains , want `` some satisfaction . '' 
Stanley Aslanian , the Haas broker who agreed to carry a hidden microphone during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities violations in the stock manipulation and agreed to cooperate . 
B.A.T ended the day at 778 , down 5 , on turnover of 7.5 million shares . 
Small-business suppliers want prisons to stop getting high priority , especially as prison production grows with swelling inmate populations . 
In Mexico , the analyst added , employees at the Cananea mine , who have been out of work since late August when the mine was declared bankrupt by the government , accepted a 35 % cut in the 3,800-man work force . 
`` The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , '' complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist . 
But the notebook , with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk , is more innovative . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A rose 1 1\/4 to 22 3\/8 . 
A prospectus in India does n't always tell a potential investor much . 
Like Hollywood 's Ghostbusters , Kentucky 's stand ready to roll when haunts get out of hand . 
If the ships are n't delivered , however , it will likely have an effect on the company 's earnings as soon as the 1990 fiscal year , which begins Dec. 1 . 
The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review . 
`` Investors have to accept the possibility of a significant slowdown in economic activity in the runup to 1997 , '' she says . 
The study was done by Robert Gersony , a consultant to the U.S. State Department who has years of experience in investigating human-rights abuses on both sides of the left-right ideological divide . 
But U.S. officials said representatives at the meeting decided that this was `` a matter for further discussion at future meetings . '' 
But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. said it sold its wall-paneling business to an affiliate of one of Indonesia 's largest wood-products firms . 
While other mines might yield more carats , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
So the inner-city burial ground is trying to resurrect itself with a television advertising campaign . 
The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return . 
Kurt Sanger , ABC Sports 's marketing director , says that now `` tens of thousands '' of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return , quarterback sack , etc . 
Second Section volume was estimated at 14 million shares , unchanged from Monday . 
Okobank ( Finland ) -- 
Having donated heavily to museums , they demand a place on their boards . 
Dillon Read 's Ms. Stark said in early afternoon that she was still viewing prices and other data as subject to verification , and she said portfolio managers continued to question the numbers they saw on the screen . 
William Kaiser , president of the Kaiser Financial Group in Chicago , said the decline was almost certainly influenced by the early sell-off in the stock market , which partly reflected a weakening economy . 
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P . 
Goodyear 's profit rose 11 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business . 
And like college radicals everywhere , they are talking about a demonstration -- where protesters would gather quietly near the science building and raise their hands , classroom style . 
Foreign Bonds 
Mr. Markese cautions that investors should n't slavishly follow any specific price\/earnings sell trigger . 
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . 
The California thrift has just announced a $ 226 million third-quarter loss . 
The number of computers has mushroomed in recent years , with 10,000 in use , as well as 30,000 miniature models . 
I can attest that a recent Colombian visitor to the U.S. was offered drugs three times in the few blocks ' walk between Grand Central Terminal and the Waldorf Astoria Hotel in midtown Manhattan . 
`` More than ever , people should realize they should have a diversified portfolio , '' said Jeremy Duffield , a senior vice president of Vanguard Group . 
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network . 
The G-7 comprises West Germany , the U.S. , France , the U.K. , Italy , Canada and Japan . 
Dow blamed the third-quarter earnings drop on several factors , including softer prices for polyethylene and other basic chemicals , a slower U.S. economy and a stronger dollar , which made Dow 's exports from the U.S. more expensive to overseas customers . 
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's . 
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said . 
Still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the computer-integrated-manufacturing market -- a market that Yankee Group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 40 billion by 1993 . 
In August , rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit , but they inched down again through September . 
Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . 
And the show 's creativity makes up for any technological deficiencies . 
The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time . 
That does n't appear to be the case in Singapore , a country of about three million people with a relatively high soft-drink consumption rate -- a key indicator of Coke 's success in a market . 
Analysts expect the company to show profit of about 225 million guilders , up 9 % from 206.3 million guilders a year earlier . 
In response to questions after the annual meeting , Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor . 
It was n't until the early 1980s that Akzo nursed itself back to health . 
In this way , while the Stick itself was blacked out , we kept up to date on events . 
The provincially owned utility said it is tearing up the deal because `` the contract 's objectives ca n't be fulfilled . '' 
`` If you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at . '' 
SUSPECT `` SALES '' ads are challenged by the Better Business Bureau of Metropolitan New York . 
`` The fact that he is in the process of defending himself against the present charges could conceivably have an adverse impact on Y&R , '' Mr. Kroll wrote . 
The increase follows the company 's report of strong earnings for the third quarter , and reflects what American Brands called its `` tradition of sharing earnings growth '' with shareholders . 
But slow sales forced Ford to kill the brand just last week . 
With $ 500 apiece and an injection of outside capital , they formed Genentech Inc . 
He said the current market `` is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry . '' 
B.F. Goodrich Co. said third-quarter profits dropped 34 % because of lower prices for polyvinyl chloride materials , the company 's largest product group . 
Your narrow focus appears to be a contrived attempt to show the people of that historic city to be doddering fools . 
But it 's just one of those things that happened . 
But lawmakers want to extend the period for 100 % federal funding for several months . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
X-rays , by contrast , travel straighter and can be focused more tightly than light . 
Comsat Video will pay $ 17 million for a 62.5 % interest , with Messrs. Lee and Bynoe putting up $ 8 million for a 37.5 % stake in the team . 
The two sides were scheduled to meet with the mediator this morning . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
These are long-term Richter readings on American capitalism . 
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view . 
Last month , Mr. Friend says , Mr. Alexander 's associate agreed that Derr would pay $ 50,000 as part of an overall settlement . 
At the end of the trip , any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars , with another commission due . 
Mr. Spiegelman is professor of English at Southern Methodist University and editor of the Southwest Review . 
Mr. Carter said he would go to war to stop anyone from trying to grab Iran . 
Waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt . 
Howard Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets . 
Periodically , there are threats that the program will fold . 
But others reject the view , and forecast the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern . 
Mr. Engelken was doing the same across the Hudson River in New Jersey , where , with his nose pressed against the front window of the Passaic-Clifton National Bank , he watched the duel on a television set the bank set up for the event . 
Newport Beach fits the scam artists ' specifications perfectly . 
`` The market has been overly harsh to them . '' 
Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul . 
L.L. Bean hires about 2,700 workers for the season rush , about 300 more than last year ; Land 's End hires 2,000 . 
`` We were expecting it , following the fall of the Dow Friday , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
At the heart of Israel 's report is a list of a dozen incidents Jerusalem attributes to Fatah , including the use of bombs and Molotov cocktails . 
But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments . 
Eventually , Mr. Postel broke his toe in the dark . 
While UAL faltered , AMR , the parent of American Airlines , pulled out of its recent nosedive by rising 3\/4 to 74 . 
It was the smallest monthly increase in a year . 
At the same time , moves toward tighter air-quality standards are spurring interest in lighter or alternative fuels that do n't pollute as much as fuel refined from `` heavy '' crudes , generally high in sulfur . 
He no longer crowds the plate . 
The panel also warned Rep. Bates that any further violations `` may result in a recommendation that disciplinary action be considered . '' 
Also , because UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL executives have joined the pilots ' bid , the board might be forced to exclude him from its deliberations in order to be fair to other bidders . 
HHS OFFICIALS expect Secretary Sullivan to continue a ban on research using fetal tissue . 
The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression . 
Echoing the response of almost all big corporations in the Bay Area , Don Waite , Seagate 's chief financial officer , said , `` I would n't expect this to have any significant financial impact . '' 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
When a House-Senate conference on yesterday 's bill rescinded $ 11.8 million in unexpended funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , economic development project backed by former Speaker James Wright , Sen. Phil Gramm ( R. , Texas ) insisted last week that the money be preserved . 
Mr. Thomson sent off a card to Martha : `` It does n't seem like 25 years since I hit that home run to celebrate your birth , '' it read . 
`` Most of us grew up believing in the axioms ` Haste makes waste ' and ` Do n't cut corners , ' ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , '' says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp . 
You 'll find her there . 
Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room or the company library -- and are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses . 
The courts have not defined `` minimal amounts , '' but publishers , I understand , take it to mean about 50 words . 
But the apple industry is ripe for change . 
`` All this may not be obvious to the public , which is concerned about advances in treatment , but I am convinced this basic research will begin showing results there soon . '' 
The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired Sterling Drug Inc . 
The buyer was n't identified . 
Friends pitched in . 
Also for sale are Buckingham Wile Co. , which distributes Cutty Sark blended whiskey in the U.S. , and Whitbread 's Atlas Peak Vineyards in California 's Napa Valley . 
Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier . 
Representatives of the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , hired by creditors to consult on Eastern 's financial plans , told the committee in a private meeting yesterday that Eastern 's latest plan to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection is far riskier than an earlier one which won the creditors ' approval . 
It added that no discussions about such a sale are under way . 
Your Oct. 5 editorial `` A Democratic Tax Cut '' contained an error . 
A final ratings tally from A.C. Nielsen Co. is due today . 
Furthermore , no bell has yet rung to announce the end of this immense episode of natural global warming . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
`` There 's some price at which we 'd stop bidding . '' 
Visitors , whisked from the Strip on a moving walkway , will glide over a habitat for rare white tigers , which will star in performances by the famed illusionist team of Siegfried & Roy . 
The fund was created by the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Act , which provides that the owner or operator of a vessel involved in an oil spill must pay the first $ 14 million in damages . 
`` Our intent is to spread them out '' to insure they are well integrated into the community , he said . 
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion . 
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square . 
West German bond prices ended lower after a day of aimless trading . 
`` You ca n't go anywhere in this company and find an organizational chart , '' one delights . 
IBM appears more worried about Digital , which has a broad base of customers waiting for the new line , dubbed the VAX 9000 . 
Leaseway Transportation Corp. said it will restructure $ 192.5 million of certain subordinated debentures to reduce its debt obligations and interest expense . 
He adds : `` The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon . '' 
At IDS Financial Services , the financial planning and mutual fund unit , net rose 19 % to a record $ 47.6 million on a 33 % revenue gain . 
He also urged House and Senate negotiators to rid the deficit-reduction bill of all provisions that increase the budget deficit , including the House-passed capital-gains provision . 
The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products . 
AT&T also said net income rose 19 % in the third quarter . 
Officials of Rockefeller Group and Mitsubishi Estate prefer to focus on the affinities , nearly dismissing the threat of a backlash from the U.S. public . 
Dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since mid-week . 
When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments . 
`` They still bear the memory of October 1987 , when they bought gold after the stock market crashed and ended up losing money because gold prices subsequently fell , '' Mr. Nichols said . 
Pioneer was down 90 at 5,810 , and Sony lost 40 to 8,550 , down 10 % from its record set Oct. 11 . 
Time Warner is in the process of completing its acquisition of the remaining Warner shares . 
The Tokyo Regional Taxation Office declines to comment , and Mr. Kori , the tycoon 's secretary , says the problem simply resulted from a difference of opinion over what was considered income . 
If so , the damages could be tripled . 
Along with two larger models , the company claims 18 % of the domestic market . 
`` They ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says Dr. Freudenberger . 
The Merc alleged that , among other things , from April 1987 through October 1988 Capcom Futures failed to document trades between Capcom Futures and people or entities directly or indirectly controlled by Capcom Futures shareholders . 
Willamette Industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1\/2 to 49 . 
Combined with at least some rebound in exports after August 's unexpected decline , the deficit could narrow to as little as # 1.3 billion . 
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million . 
Today , there are 77 units , all located in shopping malls . 
The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver , bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27 . 
Auto makers , who began deferring some equipment purchases last spring , can be expected to remain cautious about spending if their sales do n't pick up , machine tool builders say . 
Accepted theories state that investors require higher returns on riskier investments . 
It said long-term interest rates , then above 9 % , could drop to 7 % by the end of 1989 , so bonds , which benefit from falling rates , would be a good buy . 
`` But if he 's sharp and quick , he has a chance . '' 
Interlake Corp. , proposed offering of $ 200 million of senior subordinated debentures , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Genentech 's first product , a brain protein called somatostatin , proved its technology . 
Jessica Mathews , vice president of World Resources Institute in Washington , D.C. , says that perhaps a quarter of Poland 's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution . 
`` It sounded like something out of Ian Fleming , '' Mr. Engelken recalls . 
Jaguar officials in the U.S. noted that Ford , as Jaguar 's largest shareholder , now has the power to call for such a meeting . 
Mr. Ahmad 's lawyer said he would appeal . 
Investors in all funds will seek safety in the coming months , some analysts say . 
Its largest previous rise this year came Aug. 7 , when it gained 4.31 . 
Although index arbitrage is said to add liquidity to markets , John Bachmann , managing partner of Edward D. Jones , says too much liquidity is n't a good thing 
A. Lawton Langford President Municipal Code Corp . Tallahassee , Fla . 
A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 ( $ 16.02 ) a share , or about # 1.8 billion ( $ 2.88 billion ) , several analysts believe . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index rose 5.37 to 347.13 and the Nasdaq composite index jumped 7.52 to 470.80 . 
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency . 
Paramount Communications Inc. said it sold two Simon & Schuster information services units to Macmillan Inc. , a subsidiary of Maxwell Communication Corp . 
The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern . 
Mr. Gatward declined to comment , and Mr. Price could n't be reached on Friday . 
Second in command from 1979 to 1984 , Mrs. Verne told a Paris court that the `` great disorder '' that reigned at the agency led her into temptation . 
But before import growth slowed , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves . 
In a letter to Mr. Bennett 's office , released yesterday , Washington 's city administrator , Carol Thompson , complained that the drug czar had exaggerated the amount of federal drug-related assistance provided to the capital . 
Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. , Stamford , Conn. , said it sold and agreed to sell several investments and nonstrategic businesses for about $ 100 million , which will be used for reducing debt and general purposes . 
Coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest . 
Aluminum shipments of 329,600 metric tons were nearly equal to the year-earlier period , the company said . 
At the moment , Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with antiquated production , inadequate environmental management , and little ecological awareness . 
A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car . 
It 's sort of loyalty by default . 
But it Mr. Dozen 's experience as a salesman that enabled him to gain the political support -- particularly from the retail sales force -- to accede to the presidency . 
Santa Clara County has a running total so far of $ 504 million , excluding the hard-hit city of Los Gatos . 
Rather , it 's a device that could send shock waves through the president 's entire relationship with Democrats and Republicans alike in Congress , fundamentally enhance the power of the presidency and transform the way the government does its business . 
More recently , Guber Peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including Robert Redford and Ted Turner , for rights to the life story of Chico Mendes , the murdered Brazilian union leader who fought developers in the Amazon rain forest . 
And as for Tom Landry , well , in Mr. Jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years . 
In addition , the company said , it was hurt by higher than previous-year costs for raw materials , though those costs have declined since the second quarter . 
At Continental he cut money-losing operations , which helped produce a modest profit in this year 's second quarter . 
At a private dinner Thursday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. chief executive Frederick Joseph delivered a sobering message about the junk bond market to officials of Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
The issue is backed by Freddie Mac 8 1\/2 % securities . 
And he says Manville has the financial flexibility to buy other companies at the best possible moment when other construction-related firms are hurting and selling cheap . 
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business . 
A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed that 64 % of Costa Ricans believe that if their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama , the U.S. will come to its defense . 
Meanwhile , Dallas welcomed the move . 
Fed Chairman Greenspan said the central bank can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but doing so will inflict short-term pain . 
Under United Illuminating 's plan , a new holding company would be formed to own the two companies . 
It 's ironic that David Boren should be in the center of this mire . 
In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area . 
Art indexes track winners , not losers . 
`` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . 
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market . 
If a record industry lacked a common standard , Sony CD owners could listen to a Sony version of Madonna 's `` Like a Prayer '' but not one made for a Panasonic player . 
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper . 
The term greenmail refers to a situation where a company pays a premium over market value to repurchase a stake held by a potential acquirer . 
`` Most of them were n't even born the last time the painting was displayed publicly , '' he says . 
He figures Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate ( down from about 14 % the past five years ) and will grow at an 8%-10 % rate in the future . 
Acadia Partners and the Bass Group declined to comment . 
Meanwhile , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. are expected today to price a $ 350 million high-yield offering by Continental Cablevision Inc . 
At least once Mancuso 's boss yells `` In here -- now , '' and proceeds to dress his investigator down : 
The department also said it takes four months to establish a trend . 
`` Now , Philip Morris { Kraft General Foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , '' says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division . 
Grand Metropolitan PLC , the United Kingdom food and beverage group that owns Pillsbury Inc. of the U.S. , announced a reshuffling of board-level executive duties intended to fit the company 's recent expansion . 
If Colgate toothpaste offers a tempting money-saving coupon , she 'll cross Crest off her shopping list without a second thought . 
Despite politicians ' hand-wringing about the federal budget , the government ended fiscal 1989 with a $ 152.08 billion deficit , about the same as the two previous years . 
New England Electric System , Westborough , Mass. , has proposed buying the company for $ 2 billion as part of a plan that would require rate increases of only 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
But the strategy is n't helping much this time . 
The Vermont American acquisition is designed to enhance their position in the accessories portion of the power-tool industry . 
The headquarters is located a few blocks away at 1 Chase Manhattan Plaza . 
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) , who has been the most prominent Democratic critic of Mr. Bush 's handling of the Soviet relationship , praised the president for arranging the meeting . 
Medicine in the 19th century was dedicated mostly to combating sepsis and diagnostic analysis . 
PROSECUTOR TO JOIN Gibson Dunn : 
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market . 
Last year , a federal appeals court in St. Louis said the preamble was unconstitutional , citing an earlier Supreme Court ruling that states ca n't justify stricter abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins . 
That 's the conclusion of an independent report prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees . 
Minpeco said it would n't pursue such litigation if its settlement plan in the W. Herbert Hunt case is approved by Judge Abramson , who will consider the proposal at a hearing next week . 
If all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a Coke spokesman said . 
They paid $ 15 million for a 1 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost . 
Does the Journal really believe that people ignore the prospect of having a substantial part of their capital confiscated when they decide whether to save or how to invest ? 
President Bush has endorsed the idea , and at least 50 sitting Senators have voted to support enhanced rescission authority in the past . 
The management turnover at Reebok International Ltd. continued with the resignation of company president C. Joseph LaBonte , who joined Reebok just two years ago . 
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
The Costa Mesa , Calif. , maker of computer tape drives also projected record revenue for the year of $ 181 million , up from $ 122.7 million for the previous year . 
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch . 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
It was worth it , just for the look on Albert 's face . '' 
Before the two parties resumed talks last week , De Beers offered 17 % and the union wanted 37.6 % . 
Brezhnevite holdovers have more to fear from Mr. Gorbachev than the verbal spanking he gave to the press . 
`` We 're shocked by it , because it 's worked so fast , '' said Dr. Thomas E. Starzl , director of the University of Pittsburgh Transplantation Program , at a news conference here yesterday . 
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars . 
`` You twist people 's trust . 
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading Friday , Enfield closed at C$ 6.75 , down 37.5 cents . 
Having attained positions of real influence or wealth , these men constitute the Old Guard of New York City black politics ; they are less confrontational than the younger , more activist black political community that has been based largely in Brooklyn . 
Creator Hugh Wilson , for example , included the lead character 's Greek family in the cast , `` but that is not the right focus anymore , '' said one CBS executive . 
`` At this point , the minimill capacity wo n't make a great dent in the integrated market , but it does challenge them to develop new markets , '' says James McCall , vice president , materials , at Battelle , a technology and management-research giant based in Columbus , Ohio . 
Its role in the economies of developing countries has grown steadily since the 1970s . 
The key steps advocated include : -- PROPERTY . 
Who 'd have thought that the next group of tough guys carrying around reputations like that would be school superintendents ? 
In a chilly conference room at Alliance Capital Management in Minneapolis , in contrast , the firm 's money managers seem ready to pin Mr. Straszheim to the wall . 
Financial analysts note that Mr. Rey is attracted to companies that are undervalued on the basis of their real-estate interests . 
Guaranteed by Societe Generale . 
Bristol-Myers said net income rose 15 % to $ 266.2 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 232.3 million , or 81 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Minpeco has threatened a `` volcano '' of litigation if the Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit attempts to force such a plan through the court . 
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement . 
a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor . 
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter and its 16 known moons . 
Daniel B. Scully Tucson , Ariz . 
Major Battle himself speaks in pure Pentagonese : `` Without further monetary-stroke-military aid , scores of Ambiguan freedom lovers , who had gone way out on their life and limbs for us , were literally cut off at the knees without a paddle . '' 
The U.S. Commerce Department is planning to try out similar trips on U.S. businessmen in coming months under its Canada First ! Outreach Program . 
Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand and work with Ford business associates throughout the region . 
They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp . 
As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps ( he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge ) not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading : 
However , there 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers and the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might . 
Gemina said in a statement that `` it reserves the right to take any action to protect its rights as a member of the syndicate . '' 
The $ 2.38 billion Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust was established as part of A.H. Robins ' bankruptcy-reorganization plan to resolve injury claims arising from use of the shield . 
So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . 
Sony , for its part , could decide that the cost of a Warner settlement or court fight is too high , choosing instead to find someone else to run Columbia , although that too would be costly given the financial arrangement already guaranteed to Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
International Proteins Corp. definitively agreed to pay $ 49 million and 2,850,000 of its shares for Hanson PLC 's Ground Round restaurant subsidiary . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe . 
Rep. Bates said he accepted the finding , but one of the victims , Dorena Bertussi , denounced the ethics panel 's action as `` absurd . '' 
One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
But the worst possibility would be raising no working capital , he said . 
Nissan 's market share in Japan had been dropping year by year since the beginning of the decade . 
A similiar proposal has been made in the W. Herbert Hunt case although he and the IRS are at odds over the size of the non-dischargable debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings . 
Combatting crime and the fear of it in inner-city commercial areas should give Enterprise Zones more success than most have enjoyed to date . 
But there appear to be few , if any , suitors . 
CRRES is a joint NASA-Air Force satellite to study the effects of space radiation on micro-electronic components . 
Industry analyst John H. Qualls , a vice president with Hill & Knowlton in St. Louis , forecasts that domestic auto makers will have a 93-day supply of cars at the end of the year , even if car sales improve to a 6.5 million vehicle rate for the quarter . 
`` We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate ` manipulation ' '' during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system and the use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates . 
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue . 
Mexico exported an average of 1,296,800 barrels of crude oil a day at an average of $ 15.31 a barrel during 1989 's first eight months for a total of $ 4.82 billion , Petroleos Mexicanos S.A. said . 
The $ 55 million gain on the sale was offset by lower interest income , poorer results from foreign-exchange trading and a $ 9 million loss on the sale of a unit , Securities Settlement Corp . 
Edouard Balladur , the finance minister at the time , was sold on the tax-cut policy but was concerned that his government would be criticized as anti-European for disturbing the linked European currency relationship . 
Mr. Gould finds this oddly exhilarating ; like an existentialist of old , he views our contingency as `` a source of both freedom and consequent moral responsibility . '' 
Among the city 's banks , Bank of America said all but eight of its 850 branches were open . 
`` What is the mission of the financial community -- 
He told the woman 's lawyer , Victor Blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance . 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil and gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil and gas acquisition outside its home country , and would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration and production unit in Canada . 
The venture , formed in 1986 , was supposed to be Time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines . 
In 1987 he became deputy chief of the civil division . 
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day . 
But that does n't mean `` half of the students attending Berkeley '' will be admitted this way . 
New trade accords were signed . 
Judge Masaaki Yoneyama told the Osaka District Court Daikin 's `` responsibility is heavy because illegal exports lowered international trust in Japan . '' 
`` I feel like a little kid , '' says a gleeful Alex de Castro , a car salesman , who has stopped by a workout of the Suns to slip six Campaneris cards to the Great Man Himself to be autographed . 
In addition , once money is raised , investors usually have no way of knowing how it is spent . 
When it opened in 1939 , Shannon was the first landfall in Europe for thirsty airplanes flying from North America . 
But , while the Soviets ca n't expect direct technology flow from Japan , they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise . 
The market is keenly interested in hearing what he has to say about the status of the current 15 % base lending rate . 
B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders . 
But if there is no impending threat , it can get to be very expensive . 
Big Board officials also hope Japanese investors will become interested in the exchange 's product . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter . 
Midsized cars accounted for the greatest growth in units , rising 62,872 units to 134,550 units , or 88 % . 
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing . 
`` Now , they 'll have to increase their coffers to protect for the future and that means rate increases . '' 
For the nine months , American Express said net rose 11 % to $ 899.8 million , or $ 2.09 a share , from $ 807.5 million , or $ 1.89 a share . 
Revenue was C$ 291.6 million , up from C$ 252 million in 1988 . 
The drop accelerated in this year 's third quarter , underscoring an overall lack of stress in the U.S. economy , the company said . 
The Arizona Corporations Commission authorized an 11.5 % rate increase at Tucson Electric Power Co. , substantially lower than recommended last month by a commission hearing officer and barely half the rise sought by the utility . 
The agreement is subject to certain conditions , including obtaining financing . 
So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event . 
`` I happen to think it was right , '' Mr. Bush said flatly . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
UGI Corp. said its AmeriGas subsidiary completed the previously announced sale of its air separation plant and related assets in Waukesha , Wis. , to AGA Gas Inc. , Cleveland . 
Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October . 
And then , asset values of the funds could plunge more than they have so far . 
The survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 . 
It is more difficult to deny a general bigotry in seeing things only the Japanese way . 
A Big Board spokesman would only say , `` We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue . '' 
Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal . 
The latest quarter included an after-tax gain of $ 71 million from non-recurring items . 
`` We 'll be playing a lot of defense , especially in the Midwest and Northeast , '' says Jim Buente of the NFIB . 
Never . '' 
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman . 
The fares are code-named Hugo , Compassion and Virgin Islands Aid . 
Their protest was ignored . 
In particular , I do not find the fact that your group of pros ' monthly selections of four stocks outperforms the market in general to be inconsistent with market efficiency . 
It said it filed an action of its own in federal court in San Jose , Calif. , seeking a declaration that Quickview 's claims are invalid . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
`` December delivery gold is trading in a range of $ 365 to $ 375 { an ounce } and is having difficulty breaking out above that , '' Mr. Savaiko said . 
The company said it would repurchase half of its common shares at $ 70 each , sell an estimated $ 1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.475 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Moreover , some analysts said they expect a foreign paper company with deeper pockets than Georgia-Pacific to end up acquiring Nekoosa , signaling to the rest of the industry that hostile bids are unproductive . 
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said . 
The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa , with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races , blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape and the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress . 
Third-quarter net income slid to $ 5.1 million , or six cents a share , from $ 56 million , or 65 cents , a year earlier . 
It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' minds , manners and morals , and argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery , willful blindness , role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants . 
In a cross-border transaction , the buyer is in a different region of the globe from the target . 
NBC , a leader in morning , prime-time and late night programs but an also-ran on Saturday mornings , when children rule the TV set , is contemplating getting out of the cartoon business . 
$ 150 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 29 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees via Nikko Securities Ltd . 
Like all genes , tumor-suppressor genes are inherited in two copies , one from each parent . 
Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of New York-based RJR , called the sale a `` significant step '' in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a `` a strategic divestiture . '' 
For instance , Southland has expanded its bottled water selection in some stores and added fresh sandwiches in some outlets . 
Gandhi 's family has ruled independent India for all but five years of its 42-year history . 
Shaving away some of the gain in that unit was a decline in U.S. oil production to 502,000 barrels of oil a day during the quarter from 527,000 barrels a day last year . 
Already , local Missouri judges have relied on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal trespass charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to Reproductive Health Services , an abortion clinic in St. Louis . 
Officials expect difficulty routing traffic through downtown San Francisco . 
Another close ally is Ruth Messinger , a Manhattan city councilwoman , some of whose programs , such as commercial rent control , have made their way into Mr. Dinkins 's position papers . 
About eight firms will get the lion 's share . 
However , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions . 
Jeremiah Mullins , head of OTC trading at Dean Witter Reynolds , said both institutional and retail investors were buying . 
The dispute started when China , angry that Hong Kong had allowed dissident swimmer Yang Yang to flee to the U.S. , halted the usual daily transfer of illegal immigrants caught in this British colony , which reverts to Beijing 's control in 1997 . 
Filipino -- once known as Pilipino -- is predominantly Tagalog , the Malay-based language spoken in a part of the country 's principal island of Luzon . 
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target . 
Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever , Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell 's `` For Free '' -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist , to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas 's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing , `` Deep Peace . '' 
In a report on China 's foundering economy , the official State Statistical Bureau disclosed that industrial output last month rose 0.9 % from a year earlier - the lowest growth rate in a decade for September . 
( In other words , after some highly visible dithering and public airing of differences , the administration has come down on the side of those who believe that what we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . ) 
The TVA 's public debt offering was its first in 15 years . 
`` Everything is going through firehoops right now , and { Chicago & North Western } is no exception , '' said Mariel Clemensen , vice president , high-yield research , at Citicorp . 
`` The oldest designer got to work on the dashboard , '' she recalls . 
Tokyu executives were n't available for comment early Thursday morning in Tokyo . 
The U.S. ranks fourth of countries that have concluded joint ventures , behind West Germany , Finland and Italy . 
Mr. Johnson , 45 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to Fannie Mae for the past 3 1\/2 years . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The publisher argued in response that the `` fair use '' statute permits quotation `` for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , ... scholarship , or research . '' 
Real estate firms are also using their alliances with financial institutions to amass acquisition funds . 
The buy-out fell through when Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. unexpectedly failed to obtain bank financing . 
But junk bonds took more hits . 
That plan exceeded the numbers contained in his budget message by $ 45 billion . 
The new `` baskets '' of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade . 
Based on yesterday 's closing price of the S&P , the average value of one day 's trading amounts to $ 7.6 billion . 
He joined the firm in 1963 and bought it from the owners the next year . 
In the nine months , net income slid 21 % to $ 28.4 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 42 cents a share . 
The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision , Robert Willens of Shearson Lehman Hutton says . 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
UNDER A PROPOSAL by Democrats to expand Individual Retirement Accounts , a $ 2,000 contribution by a taxpayer in the 33 % bracket would save $ 330 on his taxes . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements . 
Their report galvanized other molecular biologists . 
For the nine months , the company posted a 14 % rise in profit to $ 469.8 million , or $ 2.21 a share , from $ 410.3 million , or $ 1.95 a share . 
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia . 
There , amid oil paintings and marble tables , massages are administered every Wednesday . 
The cornflake-size product was more comfortable and less prone to falling out than hard contact lenses , which had been around since 1939 . 
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio . 
All kinds of landmark Texas real estate has been snapped up by out-of-staters . 
Call Jim Wright 's office in downtown Fort Worth , Texas , these days and the receptionist still answers the phone , `` Speaker Wright 's office . '' 
Moreover , surely someone has noticed that household refrigerators are closed systems , running for many years without either the CFC gas or the insulation ever escaping . 
Mikhail Gorbachev , he said , is ahead of China 's leaders in his awareness of the world . 
Meanwhile , the Kabul regime is increasingly successful at portraying the resistance as bloody-minded fanatics . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
The 30 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in . 
Nevertheless , he deems the deal `` plain smart '' for its huge promotional value . 
Frederick Rumack of Buck Consultants has asked Labor to recraft its rule to remove the IRS threat . 
Louise McNamee , Della Femina 's president , will continue running the U.S. agency day-to-day . 
Nine-month net income dropped 47 % to $ 26.3 million , or 54 cents a share , from $ 49.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
Here is a good rule of thumb : If the movement produced the leader , the chance that he is sincere is much greater than if the leader produced the movement . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , also asks that the Comex 's nine-month suspension of Mr. Semel be lifted , pending the broker 's appeal of the disciplinary measures . 
Nevertheless , the increasing likelihood that these two major supply disruptions will be resolved weighed on the market , the analysts agreed . 
City building codes require construction that can resist temblors . 
They ought to examine how a range of optimistic to pessimistic budget scenarios would change the defense program . 
The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor . 
Christopher R. Petruzzi 
And much better at that than at { the price-cutting } he 's been doing recently . '' 
A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team . 
This law aids hurricane-wracked locales named by the president as disaster areas , as well as regions so designated after other 1989 disasters . 
It said then it had had and would continue to have discussions with Anacomp 's management concerning its investment . 
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
The Sandinista government and the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting . 
They pay interest only for 115 months , with principal payments beginning thereafter . 
Some current rates exceed those on CDs . 
Maxwell 's sale of its U.S. printing unit was expected , the last major business to be disposed of in a major reshuffling of assets . 
The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk . 
Yale-New Haven Hospital sees no problem , says John Fenn , the chief of staff . 
The analysts say their gloomy forecasts have a flip side . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt is considering it , although his attorney says he wo n't do it if the proposal jeopardizes a tentative settlement he has reached with the Internal Revenue Service , which claims the brothers owe $ 1 billion in back taxes and is by far the biggest creditor in both cases . 
They 're very friendly . '' 
Meanwhile , finding a volunteer to write the computer program is n't a problem . 
It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber . 
`` But they wanted to roll the dice and we 're going to let them , '' Mr. Hartt said . 
Grumman Corp. was given a $ 15 million Navy contract for aircraft-electronics improvements . 
Whitbread now intends to bolster its brewing interests , in an effort to grab a share of sales to free houses . 
`` The effect of the Supreme Court Webster opinion is that it left room for grass to grow in the cracks of Roe vs. Wade , and I think this is one of the cracks , '' said Mark Belz , a St. Louis lawyer who represented Ms. O'Brien and the other St. Louis protesters . 
They are , nonetheless , high on Manville 's management . 
Giant Group said a federal court in Delaware has denied a motion by Rally 's Inc. seeking to block a group led by Giant Chairman Burt Sugarman from acquiring more of the company 's shares . 
The precedent having been set , who can complain if future generations called upon to defend the U.S. yield to the temptation to avoid the danger of combat by simply declaring the war immoral and hiding until it is over ? 
One of Lockheed 's most lucrative sectors -- accounting for more than half the aerospace company 's $ 10.59 billion in sales in 1988 -- the missiles and space group is the prime Pentagon contractor on the Trident II ballistic missile . 
`` The average American watches seven hours of TV a day . 
`` It 's important to gain leadership , '' a Toshiba spokesman says . 
It also decided to go national with pizza , which it has been test-marketing . 
The report , released yesterday , comes as Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished or curtailed many loopholes . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc . 
`` They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition , '' Mr. Amram says . 
American General Finance Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8.45 % notes due Oct. 15 , 2009 , through Bear , Stearns & Co. , being offered at a price of 99.661 to yield 8.50 % . 
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year . 
As factors contributing to the temporary slowdown , he cited one-time rate reductions prescribed by California regulators as a prelude to a new framework that removes profit constraints . 
AMR 's earnings decline comes a year after the parent company of American Airlines and the rest of the airline industry set profit records . 
James River Corp. , Richmond , Va. , said it acquired the tissue operations of Buhrmann-Tetterode N.V. of the Netherlands for about $ 77 million . 
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system . 
Major regional and national chain stores are replaced by mom-and-pop operations offering poorer-quality merchandise at higher prices . 
Mr. Wertheimer , 38 years old , had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking . 
Individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
He heads Litigation Sciences Inc. , the nation 's largest legal consulting firm , which is helping corporate America prepare for high-stakes litigation by predicting and shaping jurors ' reactions . 
Designs call for an L-shaped structure with a playground in the center . 
The increase for national edition advertising is less than the inflation rate and compares with a 6.5 % increase in 1989 . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 41.76 Tuesday , was up 0.24 points , or 0.01 % , at 2642.88 . 
As followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know , there is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to `` encourage '' long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term . 
Usually , October `` is n't a very interesting month { for retail figures } because school clothes have been bought and people are waiting for December to buy Christmas presents , '' he said . 
But Japanese institutions shied away from bidding on the high-profile tower out of fear their purchase of the property would trigger anti-Japanese sentiment . 
The company plans to raise between C$ 75 million and C$ 100 million from the offering , according to a spokeswoman at Richardson Greenshields of Canada Ltd. , lead underwriter . 
Meeting in Strasbourg Wednesday , the commission voted , as expected , to formally object to the accord between Air France , the state-owned airline , and state-controlled domestic carrier Air Inter . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
`` There are very few companies that can boast of such a close-knit group , '' says Robert A. Brawer , 52 years old , recently named president , succeeding Beatrice Coleman , his mother-in-law , who remains chairman . 
Currency analysts predict that in the coming week the foreign exchange market will shift its focus back to economic fundamentals , keeping a close eye out for any signs of monetary easing by U.S. Federal Reserve . 
And it 's growing fast , with annual sales gains of more than 10 % . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
But is it realistic for Congress to mandate by a rigid deadline a system that has not yet been subjected to feasibility studies ? 
Some supporters were stunned this summer when Mr. Dinkins suggested weakening the law forbidding public employees to go on strike . 
Geoffrey Kalmus , counsel to the official creditors committee , said that under the United Illuminating plan , unsecured creditors would be paid in full credits and interest of about $ 855 million , accrued before PS of New Hampshire 's Jan. 1988 filing for bankruptcy court protection . 
Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece , where it is projected at 14.25 % , and Portugal , at 13 % . 
At this week 's New York City bond sale , traders expect yields on the 20-year New York bonds to nearly match the 7.9 % yield on 30-year Treasury bonds . 
`` A union , sooner or later , has to have an adversary , and it has to have a victory , '' Frederick W. Smith , Federal 's chairman and chief executive , says with disdain . 
Who wants to end up as the protagonist in a Bill Cohen morality play ? 
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Some 822 New York Stock Exchange issues advanced in price , while 668 declined . 
The weaknesses of Continental exchanges are driving some fund managers to switch business to stocks traded on London 's stock exchange , which quotes firm trading prices for about 350 blue-chip issues from 12 major countries . 
The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese . 
By buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 50 % , which they can pass on to customers . 
Spiegel , which also owns Eddie Bauer and Honeybee , says that since 1987 , sales have doubled during the week before Christmas . 
`` People these days want something else to do besides ski and sit in the bar , '' says Don Borgeson , executive director of Angel Fire , N.M. 's Chamber of Commerce . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman . 
Mr. Levin , former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his November column for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association . 
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 . 
Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment . 
The average accepted yield bid was 9.617 % for a price equivalent of 98.523 . 
One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant 's reactors . 
And when Mr. Engelken asked him why he took time off from work for somebody he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : `` You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy , you have an obligation to do it . '' 
President Bush chose Martin Allday , a longtime friend from Texas , to be chairman of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission . 
Istat said the statistics are provisional and are n't seasonally adjusted . 
Changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of inexperienced Soviet players , many who promise more than they can deliver . 
They 'll go into someone else 's pasture as long as it 's greener than the one they 're in now . '' 
Intelogic Trace Inc. said it is exploring alternatives to maximize shareholder value , including the possible sale of the company . 
Gaining Big Board issues outnumbered decliners by 1,235 to 355 . 
Kerr-McGee Corp. said it will spend $ 42 million to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County , Nev. , from Henderson , Nev . 
Prime will still manage Ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes . 
`` We were being overrun , '' says Steve Fiala , trails coordinator of the East Bay Regional Park District . 
The educational effort of teaching companies in the natural gas industry how to use the futures to hedge would have to continue for another a year or two , he added . 
Instead , he says , most investors have to rely on the rumor-happy Indian press . 
Speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier , he said South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues `` without causing political and social trauma . 
Separately , Colgate Wednesday finalized an agreement with MacroChem Corp. , a tiny dental products and pharmaceutical concern based in Billerica , Mass. , to market in the U.S. four of MacroChem 's FDA-approved dental products . 
She serves high Russian tea , at 5 p.m . 
The U.S. has six trade promotion offices in Canada . 
They peck away at the 1 1\/2-mile section of rubble , searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here . 
However , these figures do n't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin , an economist at the Federal Reserve Board . 
Perhaps it does . 
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal . 
While each of the Hamilton-Dorgan proposals represents only a small step , together they would erode the Fed 's independence , Mr. Greenspan said . 
Lloyd 's of London said it plans to clamp down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the customary three years . 
The emergency assistance would n't be counted against a state 's normal allocation of annual highway funds , and the bill circumvents existing restrictions that otherwise would prevent the use of federal aid to repair a toll road , such as the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge damaged in last week 's earthquake . 
Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic . 
The 200-person staff cutback announced yesterday will bring Priam 's employment to about 380 workers , less than half of what it was before a similar , 230-person reduction in August . 
It was a predictable revival of her prize-winning off-Broadway anthology of Bertolt Brecht 's theoretical writings , called `` No Plays , No Poetry . '' 
UNC also is selling new parts , if needed , directly to the military instead of through a prime contractor . 
The release of several economic reports had little impact on the market , including a report that the U.S. trade deficit expanded to a surprisingly wide $ 10.77 billion in August , up from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July . 
It is easy to fight when you do n't have any other option . '' 
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly . 
`` We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , '' Anheuser said , adding it will take `` appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long-term market share growth strategy '' for the premium brands . 
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . 
With a pilot who speaks no English . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Black & Decker closed at $ 19.75 yesterday , down 25 cents . 
`` Atlanta , '' Mr. Savageau sniffs , `` has unrealistic pretensions to world-class status . '' 
NEW ACCOUNT : Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , awarded the ad accounts for its line of Professional Crisco vegetable shortening and oil products to Northlich , Stolley , LaWarre , Cincinnati . 
Including the accesory eye care products , contacts account for $ 2 billion in annual retail sales . 
The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways . 
Maybe he did n't start it , but Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning to non-violent civil disobedience as we know it today . 
Officials for Temple declined to comment . 
Both funds are expected to begin operation around March 1 , subject to Securities and Exchange Commission approval . 
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists . 
Amdura 's bridge loan , part of the financing for Amdura 's acquisition of CoastAmerica in December 1988 , was to come due next Friday . 
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full-sized vans . 
It flopped all around , real dramatic ! 
The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries . 
Sex scandals make people look careless and silly , and one of the worst sins in Washington is to be laughed at . 
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . ) 
The banking operation had a loss of $ 8.7 million in the second quarter , largely because of problem real-estate loans , while the insurance operations earned $ 884,000 . 
And for now , at least , the competition is n't the only enemy . 
The Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was down 8.65 at 
In the year-ago period , the company earned $ 12.9 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 247 million . 
In the nine months , IBM earned $ 3.17 billion , or $ 5.43 a share , down 8.4 % from the year-earlier $ 3.46 billion , or $ 5.83 a share . 
Lonrho PLC of Britain is to come to the rescue of the French distribution group Societe Commerciale de l'Ouest Africaine in an operation that has been engineered with the Paribas financial group , Societe Commerciale 's main shareholder . 
As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show . 
Showing Up in Court Without Being There 
He credits imports . 
Kia , the only Korean car maker that has seen its overseas sales grow in 1989 , aims at Korea 's common man . 
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans . 
On Wall Street , Merrill Lynch & Co. analyst Daniel A. Roling rates the stock `` neutral '' and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. lists it as a `` buy . '' 
But he reiterated the bank 's position that it is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion , covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding . 
As they stumble and bumble toward election day two weeks from tomorrow , both Democrat David Dinkins and Republican Rudolph Giuliani are in trouble . 
There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan . 
Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680 , Shimizu gained 50 to 2,120 , and Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 to 1,490 . 
The engine plant may encompass plans for a joint components venture with Jaguar . 
The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building . 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder . 
Despite the Composite 's advance , some trading officials are guardedly optimistic that the market is on the road to recovery . 
That 's the conventional theory anyway . 
Mr. Roy could n't be reached . 
Insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's California earthquake . 
Only 2 % are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories , and no one is loyal for more than 20 types of products . 
Eprex , used by dialysis patients who are anemic , and Prepulsid , a gastro-intestinal drug , did well overseas , he said . 
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey , a country that has been one of America 's strongest allies in NATO . 
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . '' 
Without federal subsidies to developers of beach houses , the economic and structural damage by Hurricane Hugo in South Carolina would have been much less , as highlighted by your Oct. 3 editorial `` Subsidizing Disaster . '' 
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion . 
The Orange Workers -- who take their name from William of Orange of the Netherlands , a hero of the Dutch-descended Afrikaners -- believe that the solution to South Africa 's racial problems is n't the abolition of apartheid , it 's the perfection of apartheid -- complete and total separation of the races . 
`` I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion . '' 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
Undoubtedly Mr. Bush will be praised by some Latin leaders prone to pay lip service to nonintervention , while they privately encourage more assertive U.S. action to remove Gen. Manuel Noriega and safeguard their countries from a Sandinista onslaught . 
The workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large intracompany telephone networks . 
Exxon Corp. built the plant but closed it in 1985 and sold off much of the equipment to dismantling contractors , from whom Coastal bought back much of the equipment . 
CRA Ltd. said it agreed to sell a 40 % stake in its Howick coal mine in the state of New South Wales to Mitsubishi Development Pty. of Japan . 
The damage was to her motor nerves , which could n't be monitored along with the sensory nerves , he explains . 
Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy . 
He returned home last Thursday , packed a bag with fresh clothes and reported for duty Friday in Walnut Creek . 
He has resigned his posts at Triad to take the Kansas Power positions . 
In announcing the meeting yesterday , Mr. Bush told reporters at the White House that neither he nor Mr. Gorbachev expects any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 137.4 million , or $ 1.35 a share , down from $ 165 million , or $ 1.44 a share , a year earlier . 
It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations . 
`` Who would bid against Paribas ? '' 
Soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts John J. Veatch Jr. , an investment banker with Salomon Brothers who handled the Cowboys sale . 
Says Mr. Riese of National Restaurants : `` If you resisted on prices , maybe you would never get that telephone call about a new franchise . 
American Brands declined to comment on Mr. Wathen 's accusations . 
Past Colombian government tolerance of the `` narcotraficantes '' was due to the drug lords ' history of wiping out leftists in the hinterlands . 
Mr. Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon in April 1988 . 
`` But they have n't yet drawn the operational policy conclusions . '' 
Michael T. Carr , advertising director of Playboy magazine , was named publisher of National Lampoon and Heavy Metal magazines , succeeding George Agoglia . 
The Wall Street Journal `` American Way of Buying '' Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls conducted for the Journal by Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization . 
Institutions -- who now account for most trading -- count on being able to buy and sell big blocks of stock at an eye-blink . 
`` A package of credit support was put together -- including the assets of Steve and his firm . '' 
\* Newly industrialized countries : Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , South Korea 
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft 
Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . 
At Yale , he designed one of the first solarheated houses to be built in Ireland . 
-- Democratization . 
But the board said it was n't interested for now . 
More big Japanese investors are buying U.S. mortgage-backed securities , reversing a recent trend . 
He gave no further details . 
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects . 
The comparable year-earlier number was $ 56 million , a spokesman said . 
The basket products are `` an evolutionary step '' in solving problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 1987 market crash , said SEC Commissioner Joseph Grundfest . 
`` The dress business has always been a gamble , but it 's never been like this , '' says Mr. Levy , president of St. Gillian Group Ltd. , which has become a hot name thanks to a campaign of sexy TV commercials . 
After the earnings were announced , he raised his fiscal 1990 estimate to between $ 3.80 and $ 4 a share . 
Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer . 
Italian magistrates labeled his death a suicide . 
The recruiting `` has n't materialized , '' asserts Jeffrey Christian , who runs a search agency . 
He also is close to American Express 's chairman and chief executive officer , James D. Robinson III . 
MLX has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of $ 120 million in long-term senior subordinated notes and warrants . 
Mr. Arias 's long-time refusal to support the U.S. 's campaign against leftist Nicaragua earned him the ire of the Reagan White House . 
`` He told me to choose an area where just by being mediocre I could be great , '' recalls Mr. Schwartz , now 40 . 
The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million . 
Now was that a quarter cup or a half cup ? 
The letter to Mr. Bush was signed by Reps. Bruce Vento ( D. , Minn. ) , the chairman of the Banking Committee 's RTC Task Force , Thomas McMillen ( D. , Md. ) , Kweisi Mfume ( D. , Md . ) and Paul Kanjorski ( D. , Pa . ) . 
He calculates that the recent market slide translated into a 5 % to 7 % reduction in IPO proceeds to companies . 
He succeeds as president , Don Freeberg , who remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
Blue Arrow added 1\/2 to 17 1\/4 . 
Mr. Jones is attacking the problem on several fronts . 
Today investors will focus on the long-awaited auction of $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds by Resolution Funding Corp . 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
The funeral home and cemetery operator changed from a fiscal year to a calendar year in December . 
`` But , '' he added , `` we have had that exact same perception six times in the last six years . '' 
This summer , the industry introduced a `` kids fly free '' program , in which children were allowed to fly free if they were traveling with an adult . 
`` Under the new tax-reform law , the days of widespread , wholesale corporate tax avoidance have come to an end . '' 
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs . 
According to some estimates , the rule changes would cut insider filings by more than a third . 
The study was initiated by Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Joseph Biden ( D. , Del . ) . 
The position of chief operating officer is new . 
What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ? 
If it does not quite have Chandler 's special magic -- well , at the end , neither did Chandler . 
In an apparent warning to currency traders who have lately been selling the British currency , he stated that the exchange rates will have a `` major role in the assessment of monetary conditions . '' 
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties . 
He added that `` there 's no quick-fix solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . '' 
Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood . 
`` We are n't forced sellers . 
But operating profit from aerospace products rose nearly 50 % to $ 15 million from $ 10.1 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bristol-Myers Squibb rose $ 1.75 to $ 52.75 . 
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending . 
B. Dan Pinick , president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics , will become president of the new group , which will become operational Jan. 2 . 
Elsewhere , share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul . 
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to , she told her husband , pick up some papers for a neighbor . 
Mr. Durkin doubts that `` there is some magic level '' at which the ratio of installment debt to disposable income `` indicates economic problems . '' 
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said . 
Patrick J . Early , president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit , says that despite recent stability , he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending . 
Net fell to $ 40.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share , from $ 60.7 million , or $ 2.32 a share , a year earlier . 
Other key economic indicators due this week include today 's release of the September leading indicators index and new-home sales . 
A&W Brands lost 1\/4 to 27 . 
Ford Motor Co. and Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. have equity interests in Kia . 
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two-part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc . 
This amounts to an extraordinary repudiation of the tenure of New York mayoral candidate and former U.S. Attorney Rudolph Giuliani , who was more inclined to gathering scalps than understanding markets . 
Says Mr. Daly , the venture capitalist : `` It does n't matter whether they call it guidelines or policy . 
At this point , the options were : Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates , as Sir Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound . 
PRECIOUS METALS : Futures prices inched upward in mostly lackluster trading . 
SCI TV 's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships . 
The ruling follows a host of problems at Tucson Electric , including major write-downs , a 60 % slash in the common stock dividend and the departure of former Chairman Einar Greve during a company investigation of his stock sales . 
Take the `` credit enhancements , '' which typically include a bank letter of credit or insurance from a bond-insurance company . 
`` But that is something the president ought to know before he goes ahead . '' 
The first phase of the program has been completed , but two other phases are continuing . 
A definitive agreement had been expected by the end of July . 
The judge , suspended from his bench pending his trial , which began this week , vehemently denies all the allegations against him , calling them `` ludicrous '' and `` imaginative , political demagoguery . '' 
Last year , more than $ 100 billion was donated to the nation 's 400,000 charities . 
The changes apply to prosecutions brought under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law . 
Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... . 
Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992 , collecting energy from the planet 's gravitational field to gain momentum for its trip to Jupiter . 
Compiled by William Mathewson 
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times . 
Charles Gardner , a former Unisys vice president , and James Neal , a former company consultant , have admitted participating in this and other bribery schemes . 
Most of the crimes incorporated in the Thurmond bill are exceedingly rare -- killing a Supreme Court justice , for instance , or deliberately causing a train wreck that results in a death . 
Colombia alone -- its government , its people , its newspapers -- does not have the capacity to fight this battle successfully . 
Thus , Brooks Brothers has lost customers to stores that offer more variety such as Paul Stuart , Barneys New York and Louis , Boston . 
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- $ 150 million of 8 1\/2 % bonds due Nov. 22 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 8.54 % at reoffered price , via lead manager JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
Borden even tested a milk with 4 % butterfat in the South , but decided the market was too small . 
But analysts say Sears faces an especially daunting challenge on the eve of the Christmas shopping season . 
`` No wonder the competition 's green with envy , '' the announcer says . 
`` Much of what we set out to do is completed . '' 
A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and , for the panelists , mutual support . 
Thrifts continued to shed assets in August , mainly to comply with stiffer capital rules under the S&L bailout law . 
But some think that 's being overly optimistic . 
Net sales of bond funds for the month totaled $ 1.1 billion , down two-thirds from $ 3.1 billion in August . 
However , workers ca n't break ground until legal maneuvers to block the complex are resolved , moves which caused the signing to remain questionable up to the last moment . 
However , StatesWest is n't abandoning its pursuit of the much-larger Mesa . 
Planar Systems Inc. of Beaverton , Ore. , the largest of these firms , with $ 20 million in annual revenue , has similar plans . 
Detrex , which has annual sales of about $ 100 million , declined to say if it would post a loss in the third quarter . 
Last year , the tourists left $ 3 billion with the area 's casinos , nearly 10 % more than in 1987 . 
In addition , Lionel began a lawsuit in federal District Court in New York seeking to enjoin the offer , alleging , among other things , violations of federal securities law and fraudulent manipulation of the market for Lionel 's securities . 
Malcolm MacDougall , vice chairman of the Jordan , McGrath , Case & Taylor advertising agency in New York , calls the proliferation `` nameplate mania . '' 
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking . 
Seita is a partner in the project , which was developed by Matra SA using Japanese technology . 
`` Such a deadline is attainable , but it would have costs , '' Mr. Greenspan told Rep. Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee . 
The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook . 
Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery . 
Bloomingdale 's does an estimated $ 1.2 billion in annual sales . 
In asset terms , Mitsubishi Estate is the largest real estate firm in Japan . 
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 . 
Yet under Mr. Reagan 's preferred successor , President Bush , those two cherished national-security causes are withering on the vine . 
`` I have an old-fashioned name for people in that position : sick people who need health insurance , '' Rep. Waxman says . `` 
After taking into account the fallout from the China crisis , the government has projected 1989 GDP growth of 5 % . 
FEMA , which coordinates federal disaster relief , is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after Hurricane Hugo , which hit the Carolinas last month . 
`` Trying to answer that is suggesting all kinds of theories , '' such as precisely where and how the brain processes incoming signals from the eyes . 
`` I find myself in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , '' the judge wrote back in a letter attached to the grand jury 's report . 
Assets of Construction Equipment International , Houston , were sold to Essex Crane Inc. , and the assets of Elgin Electronics , Erie , Pa. , were sold to closely held Charter Technologies Inc . 
The average number of shares outstanding rose 2 % in the third quarter but was down 4 % for the nine months . 
The two men are longtime friends and tennis partners , having met about 25 years ago . 
Never once did she gasp for air or mop her brow . 
He is ogling the curtains rippling above the ventilation ducts . 
Economists said the report raised speculation that the economic slowdown could turn into a recession , which would pave the way for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates . 
But gay rights advocates are angry , too . 
Now , with the crowd in the analysis room smelling figurative blood , the only question seemed to be how fast Mr. Kasparov could win game two . 
Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert , is n't nearly so sanguine about the market 's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon . 
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too . 
`` He does n't want to lead the people , '' says Richard Traynor , president of New Jersey Right to Life . 
But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 12 million from $ 95 million . 
`` We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific , '' Mr. Eddington says . 
Since most of its assets are tied to Manville , a forest and building products concern , the trust might also want to diversify its holdings . 
LTV Corp. won a $ 25 million Army contract for missile test equipment . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
When his wife , Betsy , came down the aisle on their wedding day in 1966 , Mr. Engelken -- no slouch on the romantic front -- gave her the ultimate compliment : `` You look prettier than Bobby Thomson 's home run . '' 
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts . 
In an unusual display of openness , IBM also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by IBM 's competitors . 
A Quotron spokeswoman said recent software changes may have contributed to yesterday 's problems . 
That displeases many current holders , such as Allianz , which could n't be sure of selling all their shares if they tendered to Paribas . 
That is typically about a three-week window . 
INSURERS ARE FACING billions of dollars in damage claims from the California quake . 
Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group reported a 12 % increase in net income in the third quarter , led by a 43 % gain in its financial services group . 
Japan 's Big Four securities firms posted first-half unconsolidated results that mirrored softer performance as a result of slower turnover on the Tokyo Stock Exchange during July and August . 
Under federal law , if the court grants a preliminary injunction , the FTC must begin administrative proceedings to determine the legality of the proposed stock purchase within 20 days . 
At last report , Enfield had about 44.5 million shares outstanding . 
This is a problem not only for Prime Minister Thatcher but for President Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Federal Reserve and the Mulford Treasury . 
Mr. Kiep said he sought the combination because `` all our large clients in Germany are becoming European companies or multinational companies and they expect an insurance broker '' to serve them as well in Paris as in Germany . 
Couch-potato jocks watching ABC 's `` Monday Night Football '' can now vote during halftime for the greatest play in 20 years from among four or five filmed replays . 
For corporations , the top tax rate on the sale of assets held for more than three years would be cut to 33 % from the current top rate of 34 % . 
He 's now estimating that after a period of consolidation , the Dow Jones Industrial Average will once again forge new highs . 
The size and pace of disbursements will accelerate further under the Brady Plan , which promises larger and earlier disbursements to approved countries . 
A spokesman for Hallwood said the 12 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 1979 and 1984 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors . 
After all , 40,000 newcomers a year are settling in the Las Vegas Valley . 
Yesterday 's edition provided analysts ' estimates for the company when actual earnings were available . 
Mr. Dozen knows these problems firsthand . 
President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina , who reigned for 28 years over a graft-riddled empire that made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies . 
Among steel shares , NKK rose 19 to 705 yen ( $ 4.97 ) a share , and Nippon Steel gained 17 to 735 . 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
The filing also said the trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market ; an extraordinary dividend on the common stock ; or a recapitalization of Manville . 
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
The chairman and a director of one of the Republic of Singapore 's leading property companies , City Development Ltd. , or CDL , were charged yesterday with criminal breach of trust of some 800,000 Singapore dollars ( about US$ 409,000 ) . 
Sales fell 20 % , to $ 3.7 billion from $ 4.6 billion . 
His theme is unity , decency , humanity , bringing New York together again . 
Savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
These bacterial `` cousins '' ordinarily do n't make the toxin . 
Renaissance 's last portfolio shift , carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills . 
But the net interest bill jumped 85 % to A$ 686.7 million from A$ 371.1 million . 
Conference negotiator Rep. Bill Hefner pulled down $ 40 million in military bases for North Carolina and graciously allowed Senator James Sasser $ 70 million for bases in Tennessee . 
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments . 
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks . 
Local law enforcement is present in a sub-station occupying space donated by the center . 
But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon . 
Bond prices also edged higher . 
After the explosion , Kerr-McGee temporarily shut down its facility just south of Las Vegas for a safety inspection . 
Would that Mr. Gould 's minute descriptions of these creatures was always so colorful . 
Tana , which holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas , will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves . 
During the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 0.2 % a month , the agency said . 
Many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained . 
Pension reserves , on the other hand , made up a relatively small part of household assets until the last decade , when they skyrocketed . 
Fox , which also owns six TV stations , provides programs three nights a week to those and other affiliates . 
According to Ned Davis , president of Ned Davis Research Inc. in Nokomis , Fla. , the average drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average was about 21 % , and the decrease began an average of six months before a recession officially started . 
The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions . 
In offices , triphosphorous bulbs simulate daylight . 
Coke and Pepsi are all the same to me , and I usually buy whichever brand of coffee happens to be on sale . '' 
And federal insurance protected the bank 's 631,163 depositors . 
I 've revised it several times and I think I may say with pride that there is not a single discordant word in the whole text . '' 
Unfortunately , the toxin is also poisonous . 
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group . 
Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million . 
Among paper company stocks that rallied on the Big Board because of the offer were Union Camp , up $ 2.75 to $ 37.75 , Federal Paperboard , up $ 1.75 to $ 27.875 , Mead , up $ 2.375 to $ 38.75 , and Temple Inland Inc. , up $ 3.75 to $ 62.25 . 
Exxon claims that use of dispersants , which break an oil slick into microscopic droplets , was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill . 
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta . 
Ms. Bryant , the head of the state securities group , said Drexel has done a better job of settling with the states than E.F. Hutton did after its guilty plea to a massive check-kiting scheme several years ago . 
Even brief conversations can show caring and trust , and need not restrict the efficiency of the communication or restrain the doctor 's earnings . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy Cleveland Consulting Associates from Saatchi & Saatchi 
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales . 
As stocks rose , in fact , some investors changed course and reversed their sell orders . 
Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography . 
The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Mr. Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother . 
The air-waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing . 
Volume 164,830,000 shares . 
The malaise has created a nostalgic longing for the uncomplicated days of the mid-1980s , before a rash of securities-firm mergers on the eve of the industry 's deregulation in 1986 . 
The stock 's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary . 
It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around . 
Mr. Hardis said truck-fleet operators appear to be cautious about buying new trucks until they see how the economy behaves . 
In 1979 , two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system . 
Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy . 
That is in part because of the effect of having to average the number of shares outstanding , she said . 
`` It 's one of the smoothest commutes I 've ever had , '' said Charles Catania , an insurance broker on the bus from Mill Valley in Marin County . 
`` If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , '' says George Palmatier , a Minden , Nev. , sales consultant and author of `` The Marketing Edge . '' 
The firm is thought to have purchased up to $ 3 billion of 30-year bonds in a buying spree on Wednesday and the previous Thursday . 
In over-the-counter national trading , Bowater Inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 . 
`` The company 's on a roll , '' said Robert Herwick , an analyst at Hambrecht & Quist . 
Some bankers are reporting more inquiries than usual about CDs since Friday . 
The composite portrait that emerges is n't of a pampered jock marking time until he can land a seven-figure pro contract -- he 's part of a tiny minority . 
She said a more aggressive move was n't needed . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.40 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
`` There 's a strong sense among the martini set that there 's more { bad news } to come , '' asserts Roger Yates , chief investment officer at Morgan Grenfell Asset Management . 
Unfortunately , Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere . 
But the talks yielded `` nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , '' he said . 
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line . 
The man handling all this for the now-deceased Slaughter is Major Manley Battle , Mr. Gelbart 's stand in for Col. Oliver North . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. , via underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. , priced $ 350 million of junk bonds at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 4\/32 , down 1\/32 . 
Marshall figured it would be good training for those soldiers -- someday maybe they would get the whole Navy . 
Nixdorf Computer AG , citing continued profitability problems , said it will have to reduce personnel further , notably in research and development sectors . 
Families that do not need the loan can make money simply by putting the loan in the bank and paying it back when the student graduates . 
The spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an `` off-the-record '' production book . 
Soon after taking over last June , Mr. Corry rescinded a pay cut imposed on clerical workers , a move that Mr. Roderick had n't made in spite of improved earnings . 
The bill vetoed by the president in June , which the House failed to override , would have lifted the minimum wage to $ 4.55 an hour by late 1991 , with a training wage for up to two months , generally for a worker 's first job . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more petroleum than it can sell is beginning to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place . 
`` Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler . 
Charles A. Donohoo , sole proprieter of a Louisville , Ky. , demolition company , was found guilty of violating the Superfund law as well as the Clean Air Act . 
The 61-year-old Mr. Guzman Cabrera takes such criticisms in stride . 
Traders say that after a week of nervously tracking every development on Wall Street , the foreign-exchange market has settled back to catch its breath ahead of new U.S. economic data . 
Insurers will be advertising 800 numbers -- probably on the radio -- that policyholders can call to get assistance on how to submit claims . 
For fiscal 1990 , analysts expect P&G 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 15 % and 20 % . 
Mr. Dinkins concedes nothing in his ability to stumble and bumble . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
Overall , his investments so far this year are showing gains of about 20 % , he adds . 
It also could convert glucose from farm wastes into edible protein . 
Well , it now turns out that Mrs. Thatcher had to travel across the globe to the 49-member Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur to discomfit the Holy Order of Consensus Builders . 
`` I 've heard from friends that state farms are subsidized , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says as his wife , Wieslawa , sets some chairs out in the sun . 
To maintain control over production and avoid overdependence on foreign sources , he says he still makes most of his furs in the U.S. . 
It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed . 
All cleanup costs from last spring 's Alaskan oil spill were reflected in earlier results , it said . 
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect . 
As a result of an erroneous IRS levy on a bank account , a taxpayer may incur administrative and overdraft charges . 
The 650-or-so local whites who are n't Orange Workers are more troubled . 
The appeals-court decision last year was particularly surprising because the same court had dismissed a similar case in 1970 involving singer Nancy Sinatra and a tire ad -- also a Young & Rubicam product . 
However , nationally , Mr. Pilevsky controls through limited partnerships about 85 shopping centers with about 17 million square feet . 
All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon , as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC 's `` Nightline . '' 
Prudential-Bache 's Mr. Rodgers said he does n't see the industry 's capacity-expansion program hindering takeover activity . 
For personal-injury cases , Litigation Sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
TCI said it may bring in other cable operators as investors , a practice it has employed in the past with investments in other cable networks , such as The Discovery Channel . 
Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and Nissho Iwai has the rest . 
Another guy who thinks they 're out there and closing fast is Whitley Strieber , whose new novel , `` Majestic '' ( Putnam , 317 pages , $ 18.95 ) , takes a look at a reported 1947 UFO crash near the Roswell Army Air Field in a New Mexico desert . 
Information systems posted a loss of $ 8 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . 
Today 's Turks in Bulgaria , in other words , deserve what is coming to them four centuries later . 
The British carrier also confirmed it is n't committed to going forward with any new bid . 
After Mr. Sullivan waffled on abortion last year , the White House appeased right-to-lifers by surrounding him with pro-life deputies . 
Mr. Krenz , 52 , was named the new party chief just minutes after the Party 's 163-member Central Committee convened in East Berlin . 
The problem is that the CD he bought for a retirement plan was n't a plain vanilla CD . 
MUTUAL FUNDS ARRIVED IN THE U.S. during the Roaring Twenties ( they had been in Britain for a century ) , but they did n't boom until the money market fund was created in the 1970s . 
What really stirs his muse , though , is aerobic architecture . 
Last week , Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups . 
Columbia officials said they do n't know how quickly they will dispose of the thrift 's junk bonds , because federal regulations , such as those that would allow thrifts to continue holding the bonds in separately capitalized subsidiaries , have n't yet been completed . 
That committee determined to open Arizona to banking across state lines . 
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says . 
Already , personnel officials are talking about the need for a `` Phase Two '' cultural-reform effort of some sort . 
Golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year . 
Exchange officials extended trading hours , 75 minutes on Monday and 65 minutes on Tuesday , to clear up order backlogs . 
Erwin Tomash , the 67-year-old founder of this maker of data communications products and a former chairman and chief executive , resigned as a director . 
The earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco . 
The last time IBM tapped the corporate debt market was in April 1988 , when it offered $ 500 million of debt securities . 
e - In Canadian dollars . 
In New York society , Pat Buckley , the very social wife of author William Buckley , has the nicknames `` Mrs. Buckles '' and `` Patsy . '' 
Unisys has said that all of the company officials who participated in improper activities have left the company . 
So the results , while not news , are n't exactly theater either , at least not good theater . 
The problem , market makers say , is that while the industrial average and the S&P 500 usually recover as buy programs kick in , the Nasdaq Composite frequently is left behind . 
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most . 
TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 . 
But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce . 
The test project -- which reportedly survived Tuesday 's earthquake -- was a prelude to a state plan to retrofit that critical section of the freeway with the steel casings . 
The New York arm of the London-based auction house auctioned off the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell 's Soup Co. heir , for $ 131 million last week , a record for a single-owner art collection . 
The successes achieved at Federal Express , Union Carbide and Grumman suggest that managing speed may be an underutilized source of competitive advantage . 
It recently reported assets of $ 2.4 billion and liabilities of $ 4 billion . 
Merrill has been the fourth-biggest stock-index arbitrage trader on the Big Board this year , executing an average of 18.1 million shares a month in such trades , or about one million shares a day . 
Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
This portends consequences from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems . 
Consider , for instance , the very fat fowl known as federalized child care . 
In trading at the Chicago Board of Trade , the corn contract for December delivery jumped 5.75 cents a bushel to settle at $ 2.44 a bushel . 
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . '' 
Sales for the quarter rose 8.3 % to $ 1.79 billion , from $ 1.65 billion , with all three major product groups reporting gains . 
These items were partly offset , MCA said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit , a maker and distributor of budget-priced audio cassettes . 
`` The market started with several strikes against it , '' said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating . 
Santa Fe has disclosed that it is negotiating to sell a 20 % interest in its real estate unit to the California Public Employees Retirement System for roughly $ 400 million . 
The Bush administration accused Israeli Prime Minister Shamir of hindering peace efforts in the Mideast with `` unhelpful '' and disappointing statements . 
Even if not all these forces are committed to the regime , they are now dependent on it . 
Wells Fargo 
Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism . 
And even some last-minute phone calls that Mr. Bush made ( at the behest of some conservative U.S. senators ) to enlist backing for the U.S. position failed to stop the march of Mr. Arias 's agenda . 
The company reported a 3.1 % increase in the number of access lines in service , and also said its Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit added 30,000 new customers , with a current total of about 333,000 . 
Automatic Data Processing Inc. plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 . 
`` A lot of growers wo n't be around in a few years , '' says Mr. Norton , although they have stopped using Alar . 
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade . 
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in . 
So here 's a rundown of the most common types of market orders permitted by the stock and commodity exchanges . 
`` We have definitely become less cyclical , '' Syb Bergsma , executive vice president-finance , said in an interview . 
Among other changes , the White House wants to : 
Elsewhere , Valley National continued its slide , dropping 2 1\/8 to 15 on 1.7 million shares . 
Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise . 
That meant no trading would occur in the final seconds , as a way of making sure that last-second orders are n't subjected to a sudden price swing that would upset customers . 
CRI Inc. said it reduced the estimated cash distribution for its Capital Housing and Mortgage Partners Inc. trust to between 71 cents and 74 cents a share , from between 75 cents and 80 cents , for the year ending June 9 , 1990 . 
One U.S. trader , however , dismissed sterling doomsayers while acknowledging there is little immediate upside potential for the U.K. unit . 
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
`` The companies just gave back what they had reserved for , '' he said . 
Bank of England Governor Robin Leigh-Pemberton urged banks to be cautious in financing leveraged buy-outs . 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
Not long ago , scientists holding stock in Spectra Pharmaceutical Services Inc. were accused of falsifying research to boost the stock . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company 's shares climbed 37.5 cents to $ 20.375 . 
If that money were being taxed , it could bring the government a badly needed several trillion yen . 
To avoid default , lawmakers must pass legislation raising the limit to $ 3.12 trillion from $ 2.80 trillion by next Wednesday , according to the Treasury . 
At the same time , the New Brunswick , N.J. , company said negotiations about pricing and volumes of product had collapsed between it and its exclusive distributor in the U.S. , National Medical Care Inc . 
Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . '' 
He said he would n't comment on the CFTC plan until the exchange has seen the full proposal . 
About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a Chrysler spokesman said . 
As the West German currency rose , so did Merkur prices . 
Microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 4 ; but it finished at 80 7\/8 , down 2 1\/4 on volume of one million shares . 
The fund 's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees . 
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions . 
Proceeds of the sale , expected to be completed next week , would be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , the company said . 
In August , for example , it completed the $ 110 million acquisition of Reliance Universal Inc. , a U.S. maker of industrial coatings for wood , metals and plastics , from Tyler Corp . 
We would add that in political terms , Mrs. Thatcher 's problem was failing to decide between the Chancellor and her adviser . 
While the market expects little reaction from news of U.S. durable goods orders , scheduled for release today , participants note that the figures will probably serve to reinforce this bearish sentiment . 
The National Cancer Institute report compares mortality rates of two groups of people between the ages of 35 and 44 a decade apart . 
But wait a second . 
Justin 's attorney , Charles E. Baxley , said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily , pending an expedited appeal . 
Mattel said the company 's sale of rights to land and buildings at its Hawthorne , Calif. , headquarters resulted in a $ 13 million charge to third-quarter operating profit . 
Mr. Roh also said South Korea is taking steps that would free the won to respond to market forces . 
Soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers . 
`` They have to continue to tighten their belts , '' said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
To wrestle with a demon in a house owned by a Litchfield , Conn. , woman , the Warrens recently called in an exorcist , the Rev. Robert McKenna , a dissident clergyman who hews to the Catholic Church 's old Latin liturgy . 
Ingersoll Publications Co. agreed to buy the New Haven Register in a transaction valued at $ 275 million from Goodson Newspaper Group Inc . 
Nguyen Ngoc seemed an obvious choice when the Vietnamese Writers Association was looking for a new editor to reform its weekly newspaper , Van Nghe . 
But researchers say the drug , called FK-506 , could revolutionize the transplantation field by reducing harmful side effects and by lowering rejection rates . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
The capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 7 % in 2001 to 7.10 % in 2003-2005 . 
IN LOS ANGELES , more small businesses ponder adopting a child-care policy . 
Christmas falls on a Monday , creating a big last-minute weekend opportunity for stores . 
Land and Other Real Estate : Land on which primary home is built , investment property . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
In the recent past , bond buyers did n't seek such assurance . 
And returns on cash investments may continue to exceed inflation by a wider margin than they did over the long-term past . 
But even that group knows some people do n't use their machines as much as they should . 
Revenue rose to $ 4.45 billion from $ 4.15 billion . 
That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal . 
The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 . 
Other Democrats who favor a capital-gains cut are even more pessimistic . 
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
Company expects to be fully operational by next week . 
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
In fact , it was up 24 . 
What makes people blurt out their credit-card numbers to a caller they 've never heard of ? 
Out of this , the government set up a $ 50 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Despite their ubiquity , the consultants are n't entirely welcome . 
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) . 
`` You certainly can say it 's going to be extremely severe . 
No one else will watch out for you . 
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century -- we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world -- educational performance has declined . 
Lawmakers must decide next month whether the Contras will get so-called humanitarian aid under a bipartisan agreement reached in March . 
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders . 
A soft landing is n't something that can be achieved once and for all , Mr. Confair adds . 
Both groups cling to traditional face-to-face dealings , even for routine policies . 
This avoids knocking down prices further . 
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds . 
The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) said . 
The convoy of about 100 vehicles was the first to make deliveries to the capital in about 10 days . 
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Both countries produce high-quality , low-sulfur crudes especially suited to making high-octane motor fuel at minimum refining cost . 
But his complaint that `` Days of Rage '' does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant . 
In May 1988 , an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions . 
He earned a master 's degree in architecture from Yale . 
But transportation officials worry that such extraordinary measures and cooperation may not last . 
GOP pollster Neil Newhouse , of the Wirthlin Group , says polls this summer showed that the single-issue voters had about evened out . 
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation 's banking system . 
`` It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes , '' he said . 
The procedure involves encasing the concrete columns with steel , then connecting them more securely to the double-decker roadbed . 
After the SEC study of the drop is completed , he said , `` I 'm perfectly happy to work with this committee ... in identifying whether we need other devices , '' such as a program-trading curb . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The conditions include not misrepresenting how many directories will be distributed , and agreeing to make refunds to directory advertisers if any misrepresentations are involved in the sale . 
`` We want the bold programs of market development and political freedom in Hungary and in Poland to succeed . 
In the third quarter , the implicit price deflator fell to 2.9 % of the 1982 average , from 4.6 % in the previous quarter . 
But with Seaman , KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment , says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York . 
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit . 
The study says that the `` ambiguous legal status '' of home copying makes it `` appropriate to examine the effects on consumers , as well as on industry . '' 
Accepted bids ranged from 8.328 % to 8.347 % . 
He sent out thousands of news releases from his Kensington , Md. , office . 
`` I like to use them to feel out the market , '' he says . 
During the first hour of trading yesterday , prices fell as much as 1\/4 point , or down about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . 
According to some who attended , the senators argued that the president should give the Democratic leaders in Congress a victory of their own to compensate them for allowing the president to win on the controversial capital-gains issue . 
The pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month . 
Mr. von Germeten , in turn , attributed the controversy to judgmental errors by accountants and accused Shearson of conducting a `` witch hunt . '' 
Codifying those sanctions could prompt Chinese retaliation . 
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
Only walking and golf increased in popularity during the 1980s -- and only slightly . 
Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . 
It also will buy about $ 91.7 million of assets , and the FDIC will advance $ 31.8 million to the assuming bank . 
The sale is likely to fuel concern about growing Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
They are very visually sophisticated , '' explains LSI graphics specialist Robert Seltzer . 
Mr. Kasparov remarked later that `` even a weak club player '' would have avoided the queen move . 
David Lung has been with Patrick since 1970 , and has served as vice president for administration and purchasing since 1987 . 
It also prevents the conduct of a policy that has a long-term rationale , because it leaves the Fed guessing about what are the expectations of its masters , the politicians , who have never had to consider the long-term consequences of monetary policy . 
Most analysts think there 's little prospect the Contras can be a significant fighting force without U.S. arms , and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best . 
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose . 
The HUD scandals will simply continue , but under new mismanagement . 
The program expires April 27 . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Revenue was flat at about $ 2.97 billion . 
He is a lawyer with a string of academic degrees . 
People are shooting for a dream . '' 
Clarcor said it is inviting proposals from other prospective purchasers of the unit . 
Pepsi said it will spend $ 10 million advertising the promotion . 
First section volume was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 605 million Monday . 
The two shared results from this route swap , and followed rules on ticket pricing . 
The cup had been insured , and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative . 
Partners in the survey who devote most of their time to practicing law earned an average of about $ 217,000 . 
It 's expected to produce about 62,000 barrels per day . 
There are n't any such listings for asset-backed securities . 
While no agencies reported injuries to employees , the quake damaged the offices of J. Walter Thompson , Chiat\/Day\/Mojo and DDB Needham , among others , spokesmen for those agencies said . 
Third-quarter revenue is expected to be $ 40 million to $ 45 million , up from $ 38.2 million a year earlier , according to Neil Gordon , treasurer . 
In 1987 , a quarter of the population owned 91 % of the nation 's 71,895 square kilometers of private land , the report said , and 10 % of the population owned 65 % of the land devoted to housing . 
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security . 
One analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees , thus aiding promotional efforts . 
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich . 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
The previous-year quarter included $ 16.1 million from businesses spun off as Tredegar Industries Inc . 
Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting . 
They seem to be having the `` worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit . '' 
Parker Hannifin Corp. said it agreed to sell its three automotive parts divisions to a management-led investor group for $ 80 million . 
He quotes one student saying , `` You 're just the kind of Jewboy we Southerners ca n't stand . 
We really are talking about shutting down a major American city for a number of days , maybe for a few weeks . '' 
And in suburban Boston , developers are bracing for cutbacks in the computer industry , a major user of office space . 
`` Empty tank cars will float away on you if you get a big tidal surge . '' 
`` At American cocktail parties everyone 's always looking over your shoulder to see who they can talk to next . 
But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small . 
September orders for machining centers , lathes , milling machines , grinders , boring mills and other machines that shape metal by cutting totaled $ 192.9 million , down 28 % from $ 266.5 million a year earlier , but a 23 % increase from August 's $ 156.3 million , NMTBA said . 
He said he was giving up the golden share `` to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants . '' 
At least two years ago , the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block . 
`` Bally was not an unfriendly takeover , '' he insists . 
The stock gained $ 2.75 Thursday to close at a then-52 week high . 
Heidi Ehman might have stepped from a recruiting poster for young Republicans . 
Surviving scandal has become a rite of political passage at a time when a glut of scandal has blunted this town 's sensibility . 
Ms. Johnson , who works out of Aetna 's office in Walnut Creek , an East Bay suburb , is awed by the earthquake 's destructive force . 
Another solution , said a tax lawyer who requested anonymity , is for firms to use convertible bonds that sell at a discount . 
If that takes money , take it away from this discredited federal department . 
On its own , Dentsu 's muscle in Japan may count for little in major foreign markets when seeking non-Japanese clients . 
In Bombay stock market circles , the buzzword is `` mega . '' 
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons . 
Treasury bonds fell sharply on confusion about this week 's Treasury debt auction and rumors that a major Japanese investor was unloading large amounts of long-term bonds . 
Now , when I play with orchestras , the musicians often compliment me on my intonation . '' 
Once fat and happy , the Cowboys now are losing games , fans and money . 
Experts estimate the first sets of HDTVs wo n't be available for another five to 10 years , and will probably retail for more than $ 3,000 each in today 's dollars . 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
In addition , global petroleum demand has been climbing . 
The operating chief 's post is new . 
COMPUTER chips that simulate human vision have been developed by Japan 's Sharp Corp . 
The lower interest income occurred because Schlumberger spent $ 1.2 billion buying back its stock last year . 
Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co . 
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk . 
Some flight attendants on charter planes are putting in 20-hour work days , the study found . 
Revenue and sales increased 7.5 % to $ 423.9 million from $ 394.4 million a year earlier . 
But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth fighting for , since the company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe and the U.S. . 
The executives say Time may seek to break up the transaction after it is consummated , or may seek constraints that would prevent Tele-Communications from dropping HBO in any of its cable systems in favor of Showtime . 
Tandem , which already specializes in on-line transaction processing , is a potent competitor in that market . 
The fine and suspension , announced in August , are the stiffest sanctions the Comex has ever ordered against one of its members . 
The leading index recovered from July 's revised level of 36.6 on strong performances in consumer durables and machinery orders , among other factors , according to an agency spokeswoman . 
When industries were weak , it protected them . 
The brand is No. 7 overall in the cigarette business , Mr. Maxwell said . 
Investors took profits on major construction shares , which advanced last week , shifting their attention to some midsize companies such as Aoki Corp. , Tobishima and Maeda . 
Xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on Mr. Gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . '' 
In all , federal outlays amounted to $ 1.143 trillion in 1989 , up 7.5 % from the previous year , the Treasury said . 
It said it expects net to rise 45 % to 380 billion yen . 
Federal Express officials acknowledge mistakes in their drive overseas but say it will pay off eventually . 
It would be run by the joint chiefs under simple directions : Produce the best possible force for each budget scenario and provide the Secretary of Defense with a comprehensive net assessment of how that force could be used to achieve U.S. goals . 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . 
Amgen rose 1 1\/2 to 50 3\/4 in heavy trading . 
Eurocom will also have the right to buy the remaining 40 % of the merged ad agency group in six years . 
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock . 
I think the reason is that you are confusing tax `` rates '' with tax `` payments . '' 
But Bogdan Gumkowski , who runs the casino at Warsaw 's Marriott Hotel , said the ventures would help Poland service its $ 39 billion foreign debt by pouring dollars into the state firms in the joint ventures -- the LOT airline and Orbis tourist organization . 
The FDA is expected to approve today a program granting access free of charge to the drug AZT for children with AIDS . 
Also weighing on both metals ' prices is the role of the chief supplier , the Soviet Union . 
The monetary tax benefit of indexation for all gains in excess of inflation can be measured using the following equation : tax rate , times inflation rate , times basis for the gain . 
Sources close to the family of Pakistani Prime Minister Benazir Bhutto said she is expecting a second child , probably early next year . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
The offering will be dated Oct. 31 and mature Oct. 31 , 
But while history can suggest what is reasonable to expect there 's no guarantee that the past will repeat itself . 
Further consolidations in the industry could follow . 
Ronald I. Mandle , analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , called Citicorp 's venture-capital gains of $ 93 million before taxes `` strong . '' 
For example , the spokesman says Dentsu has been approached by banks and securities companies a number of times to invest in the troubled British marketing group Saatchi & Saatchi PLC . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 13\/16 % offered . 
`` I tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says . 
And financially strapped Jaguar has spent over a year looking for a rich uncle to provide cash and technological know-how . 
The assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on Oct. 30 . 
Soo Line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence . 
However , Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports . 
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug . 
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him . 
And it helped win defense verdicts in product-liability suits involving scores of products , ranging from Firestone 500 tires to the anti-nausea drug Bendectin . 
The tougher new regulations under the savings-and-loan bailout law are accelerating the thrift industry 's shrinking act . 
Mr. Gelbart also has fun with language . 
From a reading of the somewhat scant English-language medical literature on RU-486 , the French abortion pill emerges as one of the creepiest concoctions around . 
Claiming program trading has turned the Big Board into a `` gambling casino , '' Contel Chairman Charles Wohlstetter said that he and at least 20 other corporate executives are forming an unprecedented alliance . 
Mr. Mulford , responding to critics of intervention , also said intervention is `` highly visible , '' is taken seriously by financial markets and works better than `` was recognized some time ago . '' 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
People in Glass houses tend to look stoned . 
Terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed . 
The controversy kicked up by the proliferation of these all-terrain bicycles is one of the most divisive storms to blow through the national conservation movement in recent memory . 
Operating profit rose threefold to $ 18 million , from $ 6 million . 
The stock of UAL Corp. continued to be pounded amid signs that British Airways may balk at any hasty reformulation of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines ' parent . 
For the future , he said he would run for governor of Florida . 
( Storer also took $ 125 million of junior SCI TV bonds as partial payment for the TV assets . ) 
`` I am a devout Catholic , '' says Mr. Pignatelli , a 40-year-old health officer . 
Those credits result because of taxes that Farmers , as the management company , has paid , and have `` proved to be very important for the exchanges , '' a Farmers spokesman said . 
They only accounted for 5 % , at best , of the station 's total revenues . '' 
The bill would authorize courts to order the licenses as a condition of probation . 
Now shifting his scene from the country he left at five to the England he has lived in for nearly 30 years , he has fashioned a novel in the mode of Henry James and E.M. Forster . 
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again . 
The verdict , reached late last week in Cincinnati , may end an eight-year legal battle for the Greensboro , N.C. , carpet maker . 
Some equipment going to work is almost new . 
The fund could invest $ 87 for one year in Treasury bills yielding 8 % to return the guaranteed $ 95 . 
It is a certainty that Mr. Barre 's days are numbered . 
Now that 's name-dropping , if you know what I mean . 
No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman 's health or fertility . 
But that does n't mean I 'm not going to get angry . '' 
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome . 
As for Sassy , which competes directly with News Corp. 's Seventeen magazine , Mr. Lang says that in the next two years he will spend $ 6 million promoting and improving the magazine . 
Takeover fever has cooled , removing a major horse from the market 's cart . 
It 's also widespread for reservations clerks in the airline , car-rental , hotel and railroad industries . 
Virginia Public School Authority -- $ 55.7 million of school financing bonds , 1989 Series B ( 1987 resolution ) , due 19912000 , 2005 and 2010 , through a BT Securities Corp. group . 
In a case involving Avondale Industries Inc. and its insurer , Travelers Cos. , the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York ruled in favor of the company on two issues that lawyers say are central to dozens of pollution cases around the country . 
Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora , his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at a price of 99 26\/32 to yield 8 % , compared with 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % . 
Dr. Kitamura said about 35 projects are currently under way in Japan , and that Japanese researchers in the past year have made available three possible cures to American researchers for clinical tests . 
`` Once buying habits are formed , they 're very hard to break , '' declares Thomas Mignanelli , executive vice president for Nissan 's U.S. sales operations . 
The bank holding company posted net income of $ 54.4 million , or 87 cents a share , including $ 1.7 million , or three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits . 
A sentencing date has n't been set . 
But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back . 
This is an enviably low level . 
`` If only a banker or a lawyer had spoken out years ago , the judicial process would n't be under the taint it is today . '' 
A poll in male-dominated South Korea put Margaret Thatcher first on a list of most-respected foreign leaders . 
That task is one of Washington 's perennial problems . 
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 . 
On the allegation of kidnapping , Judge Keenan wrote , `` The suggestion that Mrs. Marcos was brought to this country against her will is unsupported by affidavit or affirmation . '' 
The Russians are talking peace . 
They added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines . 
Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan , which have been taking heavy charges to expand their Third World loan-loss reserves , are n't looking for tax-exempt income . 
Did the stock-market tremors of Friday , Oct. 13 , presage larger fragility , far greater upheavals ? 
Peter Isler , the winning navigator in the past two America 's Cup challenges , has split from the team led by Dennis Conner , skipper of the victorious Stars & Stripes , to form his own team for the next contest in 1992 . 
GOLF HAS BECOME the latest diversion for travelers stuck at some airports . 
Not exactly sophisticated market research , but who cares as long as the campaigns work . 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet ( council ) . 
The company 's board approved the repurchase of up to 45 million common shares , or about 26 % of its shares outstanding , through the end of 1992 . 
First Boston sweetened the terms from the original yield estimate in an apparent effort to place the huge offering . 
An international group approved a formal ban on ivory trade despite objections from southern African governments , which threatened to find alternative channels for selling elephant tusks . 
The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district . 
But the new category does not replace or reduce Berkeley 's broad racial preferences . 
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting . 
Squibb Corp. said net rose 17 % to $ 144.5 million , or $ 1.47 a share , from $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . 
Revenue slipped 4.6 % to $ 835 million from $ 876 million . 
Though brokerage officials defended their use of program trading , one sign of what an issue it remains was that few executives would comment on the record . 
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va . 
Republicans as well as Democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of Speaker Foley 's effort to expedite a deficitcutting measure by stripping it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as pet Democratic projects . 
In other operations , losses at MeraBank totaled $ 85.7 million in the latest quarter , compared with a $ 2.5 million profit a year earlier . 
Most traders and analysts attributed the decline to technical factors associated with the contract 's going off the board . 
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years . 
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million . 
The talks in New York are the first since Bush and Soviet Foreign Minister Shevardnadze unveiled proposals in September to scrap existing weapons . 
It argues , as does Unice , that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level . 
Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France . 
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $ 50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines . 
It 's written ` marcato ' in the score , and I played it that way , kind of gigue-like . 
A White House spokesman said that while Bush would n't alter a longstanding ban on such involvement , `` there 's a clarification needed '' on its interpretation . 
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash . 
The U.S. should take care , however , that its own position in the country does not go down with him . 
While the discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued , Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products through National Medical after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 , Delmed said . 
Credit Local de France -- 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % , privately placed notes due Dec. 1 , 1996 , priced at 100 1\/2 to yield 5.91 % , via Swiss Bank Corp . 
Stockholders who exercise all their rights may buy additional shares , the company said . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
UAL 's management agreed to reduce the seniority of those pilots in exchange for the support of the United pilot union for the buy-out proposal . 
But experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet . 
The euphoria was such that investors responded to good earnings reports of companies such as American Express , while ignoring the disappointing profits of companies such as Caterpillar , analysts said . 
It sank further to as low as $ 145 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday . 
Noranda and Trelleborg each came close to winning Falconbridge alone before the successful joint bid . 
Seiko Epson Corp. , a newcomer to the industry , fought off a legal challenge and started selling NEC clones last year . 
Damage will be `` easily in the millions , '' the company said . 
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle . 
The amount of the settlement will be taken as a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter . 
On routes to South America , the company had no backup jets to ensure delivery when planes were grounded . 
The delisting of Malaysian-based companies from the Singapore exchange may not be a smooth process , analysts say . 
Certainly conservative environmentalists can defend their limited government position by differentiating between Old Environmentalism and New Environmentalism ( `` Journalists and Others for Saving the Planet , '' by David Brooks , editorial page , Oct. 5 ) . 
Last month , Mr. Curcio was succeeded by Ralph E. Reins as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance . 
But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed . 
Mr. Horwitz is a Journal staff reporter covering the Middle East . 
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the Journal survey and other research studies indicate . 
USX is funneling drilling pipe to steel-hungry Soviet Union . 
Sales rose 7 % to $ 3.8 billion . 
Jaguar shares skyrocketed yesterday after Mr. Ridley 's announcement , following their temporary suspension on London 's Stock Exchange . 
However , Mr. Ortega was included . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Mazda and Ford said a combination of limited crankcase ventilation and improper maintenance could cause engine oil in some of the Mercury Tracers and Mazda 323s to deteriorate more rapidly than normal , causing increased engine noise or reduced engine life . 
The machinists criticized the terms Mr. Wolf and management received in the buy-out . 
`` He does n't have any honeymoon period , '' says a Western diplomat based in East Berlin . 
The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials . 
`` People my age thought it was n't going to be an issue . 
`` If you think earnings will grow at 20 % a year , it 's all right to pay 20 times earnings , '' he says . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , remained upbeat . 
`` The next level down did doors . 
But on the West Coast , where profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 . 
Revenue rose 4 % to $ 1.79 billion . 
Japan 's objections to the U.S. plan center around its desire to stay self-sufficient in rice , a staple food , even though foreign producers are far more efficient . 
Merrill has been one of the main firms executing index arbitrage for customers . 
Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 . 
The designation at July 's economic summit of major industrialized nations of the EC Commission as coordinator of Western aid to Poland and Hungary was a first step . 
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president . 
His trials aroused public passions out of all proportion to the rather banal secrets he allegedly had passed to Soviet intelligence . 
An American Medical spokeswoman said the Moody 's downgrading was expected because of the nature of the takeover . 
USX and Kobe Steel hope to reach a definitive agreement establishing the 50-50 partnership by the end of the year , with construction tentatively slated for the spring of 1990 and production by 1992 . 
Officials for the other named companies did n't return telephone calls seeking comment . 
The company does n't wait until the final hours to get ready for hurricanes . 
Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries . 
`` I 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker . 
Martin H. Ruby , a managing director of Capital Holding 's Accumulation and Investment Group , also resigned to pursue other business interests , Capital Holding said . 
The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years . 
Disorderly market conditions could be observed quite frequently in foreign exchange markets in the 1960s and 1970s . 
He knew which local luminaries had been caught driving drunk , which had been found with their mistresses . 
Sunshine Biscuits Inc. , Woodbridge , N.J. , awarded its estimated $ 5 million account to Waring & LaRosa , New York . 
Short-term interest rates rose at the government 's regular weekly Treasury-bill auction . 
By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California . 
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier . 
At the end of the third quarter , Bank of New York 's credit-card business consisted of 2.4 million accounts with $ 3.6 billion in loans outstanding . 
Over his objections , Mr. Peters says , the film 's release date was moved up `` by many months '' to December , and plans for a soundtrack `` worth millions of dollars '' were dropped . 
The centerpiece of the promotion is its new ad campaign , into which the magazine will pour about $ 500,000 , mostly in the next few weeks . 
Everywhere , Kidder stresses the `` always working '' theme . 
But the dollar was mixed . 
Recognition Equipment said it expected to put the agreement with Prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in January . 
'' By lowering prices throughout its stores , she says , `` Sears has the right idea . '' 
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls . 
Before the law went into effect last month , car rental companies were charging as much as $ 12 a day for the waiver in Texas . 
Yesterday , it provided the details : 
`` The success of a new product in the database line is needed . 
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York . 
After all , in all five recessions since 1960 , stocks declined . 
Since its inception , Conner has both benefited from and helped make possible the rapid spread of portable computers by selling storage devices that consume five to 10 times less electricity than drives used in desktop machines . 
They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant . 
Compared with its previous quarter , the final period of its 1989 fiscal year , net rose 9 % , and sales rose 7 % . 
The announcement , in which they said hostilities had ceased , followed a two-day meeting in Madrid . 
The index uses a base of 100 in 1982 . 
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm . 
In responding to questions , Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy . 
Net was up 69 % from $ 15.1 million , or 57 cents a share , last year . 
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters . 
Shippers cut about $ 35 billion from their annual , inter-city truck and rail costs , to about $ 150 billion , or about 6.4 % of gross national product , down from 8 % of GNP in 1981 . 
It 's a horrible machine , actually . 
Putnam Investment Grade Municipal Trust , Boston , was listed with the symbol PGM . 
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
But Charlie Howley , vice president in charge of OTC trading at SoundView Financial in Stamford , Conn. , said the selling was orderly . 
Mevacor , Merck 's new cholesterol-lowering drug , had higher sales than any other prescription medicine has ever achieved in the U.S. in the year following introduction , the company said . 
Three new books make the point that one large price of the glittery college-sports show can be the integrity of the schools that stage it . 
In addition to the need for another cash equity investor , the other moving parts include : the pilots themselves , who can scuttle rival deals by threatening to strike ; the machinists union , the pilots ' longtime rivals who helped scuttle the pilots ' deal ; and regulators in Washington , whose opposition to foreign airline investment helped throw the deal into doubt . 
It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements . 
Zaita the `` cripple-maker '' rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge . 
First Interstate said its operations outside of Arizona `` achieved results as expected for the quarter , '' but did n't specify the results . 
`` He does n't know himself , '' Kathy Stanwick of the Abortion Rights League says of Mr. Courter 's position . 
But , he continues , `` They 're forgetting we 're all Texans . 
It is also known as the fraud capital of the U.S. , dubbed by investigators and the media as the `` Cote de Fraud '' . 
Source : International Data Corp . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Some speculate that Mr. Corry would agree if he could find a buyer at the right price . 
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) . 
The new pricing strategy `` is working , '' the spokesman asserted . 
Ready to jump ? 
Narrowing the penalty in this fashion would clearly reduce whatever deterrent effect it now has . 
Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation . 
NewsEdge uses an FM radio band to carry news wires provided by Reuters , McGraw-Hill and Dow Jones & Co. , as well as PR Newswire , which carries corporate press releases . 
But higher interest rates paid on off-budget debt could add billions to the bailout costs , and would n't be subject to congressional scrutiny , Ways and Means members argued . 
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public-relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator . 
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales . 
`` Step up to the plate and take the big swing . 
While they consider the Chicago & North Western issue to be good , they do n't view it as the best . 
The U.S. had been under pressure from several Cocom members , especially France , West Germany and Italy , to ease restrictions on some types of machine tools , which those countries argued were now widely available to East Bloc countries from non-Cocom members . 
Mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds as junk 's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced `` above-normal '' redemptions by shareholders , Deltec said . 
It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T. 's knights . 
At the same time , liberal and moderate Democrats note the irony of Mr. Bush 's joining a celebration of Costa Rican democracy at a time his administration has sought sharp cuts in U.S. aid to the tiny country . 
American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe , officials announced yesterday . 
The latest wave of marketing is instructive . 
His successor approved the $ 1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk . 
'' Or the one in which she and Josh are stranded in the city , and , after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing but a mini-slip and a push-up bra . 
Jim Pattison Industries Ltd. , one of a group of closely held companies owned by entrepreneur James Pattison , said it `` intends to seek control '' of 30%-owned Innopac Inc. , a Toronto packaging concern . 
Venezuela has also earmarked $ 200 million in new money for light-crude exploration . 
But while better-off Filipinos are quick to cite the logic in using a language as widespread as English , they are often slow to reveal that they are prejudiced against Filipino , say advocates of the native language . 
Mr. Krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament convenes later this week . 
The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said . 
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments . 
Mr. Cremonie 's firm once held about 4.8 % of H&R Block . 
( In the past two years , the stock almost stalled out . 
`` Regardless of whether one supports or opposes the right to an abortion , '' Mr. Freind argues , `` it is virtually impossible for any rational human being to disagree with the concept that a woman has the right to have all of the appropriate materials and advice made available to her before she makes a decision which , one way or the other , might remain with her for the rest of her life . '' 
Ironically , Tele-Communications and Time have often worked closely in the cable business . 
Smaller projects swell the figure to at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Brazilian financier Naji Nahas , who was arrested on Monday after 102 days in hiding , is likely to be interrogated next week by the Brazilian judiciary . 
KIM : 
Selling the presidency for a mess of pottage is not so much a devaluation from the norm of public life today as it is a reflection of the disintegration of public standards . 
An NBC spokesman says the network will `` closely monitor '' the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect . 
With other anxious calls pouring in , he recalls , `` I 'd either have to disconnect the New York Stock Exchange or go out to the secretary 's desk . '' 
Wang Laboratories Inc. , Lowell , Mass. , beset by declining demand for its computers , reported a $ 62.1 million , 38-cents-a-share loss in its first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement . 
Research does n't tell us whether people actually do read the magazines they subscribe to . '' 
And some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's republics . 
And he indicated that more substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters . 
His shrewd ability to read the shifting popular mood in East Germany is best illustrated by his apparent break with his old mentor , Mr. Honecker . 
This leads to proposals for `` reform '' of the Fed , which have the common feature of making the Fed more responsive to the administration , to the Congress and to public opinion -- without , however , any assumption of additional responsibility by the politicians . 
Continental , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , slashed the size of its note offering from $ 150 million to $ 71 million . 
`` The overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries and Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , '' says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville . 
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
It was Nasdaq 's biggest percentage gainer . 
The state examiner also said supervisors of a parallel federal examination seemed so reluctant to demand write-downs of Lincoln 's bad loans that he immediately grew suspicious . 
With stocks not a major focus , `` we 're waiting for the next guiding light , '' said Brian J. Fabbri , chief economist at Midland Montagu Securities Inc . 
She believes the impact of losses from these catastrophes is n't likely to halt the growth of the industry 's surplus capital next year . 
Computer companies ; commodity cyclical stocks , like autos ; and retailing stocks , he says . 
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen-Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis . 
Both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to Japan , which has been buying copper on the world market . 
He forecasts that the emphasis in mergers and acquisitions may soon return to what he calls `` strategic deals , in which somebody is taking over a company not to milk the cash flow , but because it 's a good fit . '' 
The Roper Organization , which conducted the survey , said almost half of the exercise equipment owners found it duller than they expected . 
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator . 
Early in 1987 , Mr. Honecker and his team stopped paying thin compliments to Mr. Gorbachev and joined with Romania in rejecting any necessity for adjustments in their systems . 
PepsiCo said its soft-drink prices were about 2 % higher in the quarter . 
As a result , the volume of Banco Exterior 's export credit portfolio plunged from 824 billion pesatas ( $ 7.04 billion ) as of Dec. 31 , 1986 , to its current 522 billion pesetas . 
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland , seen growing 5 % at constant prices . 
He wo n't for long , because his old state sources of rye and potatoes are drying up . 
There 's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community . 
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu . 
Mr. Teagan cites a list of substitutes but none , so far , match the nonflammable , nontoxic CFCs . 
The board said it concluded that `` the welfare of the company , its shareholders , its employees and the broader public ... can best be enhanced by continued development of UAL as a strong , viable , independent company . '' 
`` By default , '' the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days , says Francoise Soares-Kemp , a foreign-exchange adviser at Credit Suisse . 
The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 , and the 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 . 
Mr. Paul claims to have sold three paintings , at more than a 10 % profit . 
As of Feb. 1 , 1990 , the Bullocks Wilshire stores will operate as I. Magnin stores . 
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R. , Pa . ) urged acquittal of the judge in a brief circulated to his Senate colleagues during closed-door deliberations . 
If a food crisis undid the Communists , a food revolution will make Solidarity . 
`` The strategy is ` Let 's vote . ' '' 
Earlier this year , it introduced a much more powerful kanji operating system and a kanji laser printer . 
In Birmingham , which is 57 % black , whites are the minority . 
American Medical accepted the offer , meanwhile indicating it had heard from two other suitors . 
Besides , to a large extent , Mr. Jones may already be getting what he wants out of the team , even though it keeps losing . 
Shell , a subsidiary of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , will be allowed to export 0.9 trillion cubic feet , and Gulf , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd. will be allowed to export 3.2 trillion cubic feet . 
Such a dual role would be `` impractical and unethical , '' Warner said , adding , `` that concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants . '' 
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route . 
Computer Sciences will perform data processing work for the Postal Service under the three-year contract , which also includes two additional option years for which compensation has n't yet been fixed . 
That temptation must be put aside to permit careful consideration of all the implications , positive and negative , of the proposed resolutions to those problems , and to avoid creating a marketplace where no one trades . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
The company is still negotiating the sales of the other four units and expects to announce agreements by the end of the year . 
Except for the loss from the hurricane , all the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation . 
Jeffrey L. Liddle , the two men 's attorney at Liddle , O'Connor , Finkelstein & Robinson , said Mr. Kelly began working at Dean Witter in 1987 . 
But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the decks , and the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill and can become unstable , or `` liquefy , '' in a major quake . 
Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month . 
Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell . 
That should happen by today , he said . 
Put on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 105 to yield 4.80 % . 
What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had demonized . 
Mr. Lang says he is n't scouting new acquisitions , at least for now . 
But the average Indian had tremendous hope in the youthful leader and his promise to make both government and the ruling party more effective and less corrupt . 
For the moment , the sources said , he has decided against seeking a white knight or organizing a counterbid for Paribas . 
In another sign of slowdown fears , investors dumped technology shares . 
No one around me was saying anything . 
Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million . 
Japanese local governments are expected to invest heavily in computer systems over the next few years , and many companies expect that field to provide substantial revenue . 
Japanese office workers use PCs at half the rate of their European counterparts and one-third that of the Americans . 
Dow Jones has said it believes the $ 18-a-share price is fair to Telerate 's minority shareholders . 
`` It 's a whole new generation , '' he said . 
Housing Developers Try Brand-Name Buildings 
Japan has climbed up from the ashes of World War II and a gross national product of about $ 800 per capita to reach the heavyweight class among industrialized nations . 
And then , `` he wo n't panic , '' says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh . 
The price movements get bigger as the maturity of the securities lengthens . 
Says Mr. Chan : `` When I showed it was from my own brain , they lost for the second time . '' 
It was the kind of snubbing rarely seen within the Congress , let alone within the same party . 
Much of the money was fraudulently concealed through purchases of prime Manhattan real estate , federal prosecutors have charged . 
The company said its real estate portfolio is `` highly leveraged , '' while about two-thirds of its investments are n't income-producing . 
`` We spend a fortune on research information , '' said Steve Burzon , publisher of Meredith Corp. 's Metropolitan Home . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , LTV Corp. and Armco Inc. all have plans to build additional lines for such coated corrosion-resistant steel . 
Second quarter , June 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : $ 6.52 vs. $ 5.77 
`` Dinkins is a decent but sloppy guy , '' says David Garth , veteran campaign consultant here who has always worked for Mayor Edward Koch , defeated by Mr. Dinkins in the Sept. 12 Democratic primary . 
Commodore , West Chester , Pa. , had said in August that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter . 
Along with reduced volume , analysts said the nation 's fifth largest steelmaker was hurt by holding higher-cost inventory when raw material costs of such key products as nickel dropped . 
The results topped analysts ' expectations and the earnings growth of competitors , prompting traders to all but forget the product-launch delays that bogged down the company for much of the past two years . 
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
`` We caught him with his hands on our cookie jar , '' says former CIA Director Stansfield Turner . 
It should have happened sooner , '' said Elizabeth Glaser , a Los Angeles mother and activist who contracted the AIDS virus through a blood transfusion , and transmitted it to two of her children . 
One variation that appealed to me at first was the `` Money Smart Term Life '' policy offered by Amex Life Insurance Co. , the American Express unit , to the parent company 's credit-card holders . 
Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he does n't think it will -- `` I 'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC , '' he says . 
`` Unfortunately , there is only one laboratory for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , '' said Burch Bachtold , San Francisco district director for the transportation department . 
Traders said many of the sell programs are positions being established ahead of this Friday 's expiration . 
Stocks rose slightly as trading activity slowed from the frenzied pace earlier this week . 
Gate receipts are only the Cowboys ' second largest source of cash . 
A resistance government would walk into Kabul . 
Meanwhile , new issuance was slow . 
What is dignity ? 
The preferred shares will carry a floating annual dividend equal to 72 % of the 30-day bankers ' acceptance rate until Dec. 31 , 1994 . 
`` You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack . 
By contrast , the pistons in conventional four-stroke engines must move up and down twice in each power cycle . 
International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns . 
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute . 
H. Marshall Schwarz was named chairman and chief executive officer of U.S. Trust Corp. , a private-banking firm with assets under management of about $ 17 billion . 
Foreign traders say the company is strapped for cash . 
AN AUSTIN , Texas , company plans to make it easy for you show up in court a thousand miles away without leaving town . 
At Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund group , money funds continue to draw the most business , says Michael Hines , vice president , marketing . 
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ? 
`` The paper reflected the truth . 
But as Drexel analyst Linda Dunn notes , its properties will be developed over 15 to 20 years . 
Short interest in the American depositary receipts of Jaguar , the target of both Ford Motor and General Motors , more than doubled . 
Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments . 
In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations . 
The Soviets should be willing to set in motion a process that would allow them to acknowledge that Sverdlovsk violated the 1972 agreement or , alternatively , that would give U.S. specialists reasonable confidence that this was a wholly civilian accident . 
And taxpayer groups are urging legislation in many other states . 
The book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the FDA . 
Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill . 
The company said it received an order for 23 of the vehicles , which retrieve tanks and other heavy-tracked vehicles when they break down or are damaged , and an option for 16 more . 
NATO defense ministers are expected to call for a reduction in nuclear forces in Europe when the alliance 's nuclear planning group convenes a two-day session today in Portugal . 
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction . 
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense . 
The main sensation , besides feeling like a puppet jerked with invisible strings , is `` like a rap on the head , '' says Sam Bridgers , a neurologist who has studied the brain stimulators at Yale University . 
What 's more , the takeover occurred as natural-gas prices were falling and just as Texas Oil & Gas reported its first annual loss in 28 years . 
But the spokesman added that while Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share , it thinks Street estimates of $ 1 or so are low . ) 
Although bond prices were n't as volatile on Tuesday trading as stock prices , traders nevertheless said action also was much slower yesterday in the Treasury market . 
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back . 
Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas . 
John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired . 
Some even claim the group has become a lagging , not leading , indicator . 
Dealers said the market was underpinned by a squeeze in FT-SE 100 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and building-related concerns . 
Saab and Fiat have worked together in the past , in one case developing jointly a new auto chassis that became the foundation of Saab 's 9000 model , Fiat 's Croma and Lancia 's Thema . 
He succeeds James E. Burt III , who resigned from all three posts to pursue other interests . 
Federal Paper Board said , `` We 're not as exposed as the popular perception of us . '' 
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
`` We had underfunded Maalox for a year , '' he said , because the company was concentrating on research and development and promoting other drugs . 
Critics of the present arrangement are correct to say that it is undemocratic . 
Though some magazines are thriving , the magazine publishing industry remains a risky business . 
Thus , an acquisition may prove the necessary course . 
Mr. Percival declined to comment . 
Philip L. Hall , president of J. Lawrence Hall Co. , Nashua , was named a director of this thrift holding company , filling a vacancy . 
Israel wants to end the dialogue , but our analysts take a different view than theirs . '' 
The government may ease repression in some areas , but it still keeps a tight grip in others . 
The notes , which are noncallable , were priced at a spread of 45 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Though I agree with many of Mr. Kageyama 's comments , I believe he points the gun in the wrong direction : It is n't the Americans who must be criticized for not understanding the Japanese culture , but the Japanese who insist on forcing their culture on Americans . 
London Metal Exchange warehouse stocks were down only 4,800 metric tons for the week to 84,500 tons ; expectations late last week were a drop of 10,000 to 15,000 tons . 
But , as Judge Kozinski noted , the context shows that Mr. Masson 's `` me alone '' remark referred not to his alleged pre-eminence in his profession but to the fact that his position on a particular issue was not shared by anyone else . 
He said an altered license would be an `` embarrassment '' to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use . 
`` It 's a double-edged sword though , because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis . '' 
In other markets : 
Producers also are trying to differentiate by concentrating on higher-profit output , such as coated and electrogalvanized products , which remain beyond the reach of minimills . 
He will retain the honorary title of non-executive chairman . 
Apple Computer Inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year . 
Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings by the country 's leaders to heart and sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties . 
Sterling , which estimated the value of the contract at $ 150 million , said NASA selected another bidder for final negotiations . 
Not nearly in his best form , the tenor made dullish sounds along with his usual clumsy hand gestures . 
Bostic is one of the previously unnamed units , and the first of the five to be sold . 
In addition to a large amount of investment trust fund cash , analysts generally see the market environment improving compared with the past couple of weeks . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Equitec closed at $ 2.625 a share , unchanged . 
Though it collects such data daily , its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends . 
In national over-the-counter trading , SFE Technologies shares closed yesterday at 31.25 cents a share , up 6.25 cents . 
`` If you do n't know what the rules of the game are , it 's hard to start your fund-raising or design , '' said Dana Smith , an official with Team Dennis Conner . 
But if the investment ca n't be bought or sold immediately , the order is automatically canceled . 
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 . 
Also in active trading , British Steel fell 1 to 124 as 20 million shares changed hands . 
The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million . 
`` We 're just recovering and getting back to business as usual . 
Analysts at Standard & Poor 's say junk bond offerings by `` tightly stretched '' issuers seem to be growing . 
On the $ 1.06 billion baseball agreement alone , CBS is likely to lose $ 250 million in four years , contends Mr. Wussler , the former CBS man , now at Comsat Inc . 
Recently , in Wollo province in the center of Ethiopia , Tigrean forces have killed , wounded and captured an additional 20,000 government troops . 
Among them were the ALQ-135 electronic countermeasures system for the F-15 fighter . 
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
Iverson Technology Corp. was one of the fastest-growing small companies in America -- until last year . 
These federal-court suits accuse the officers of failing to disclose that Easy Eggs were unlikely to sell briskly enough to justify all of Michael 's production capacity . 
The government and the ANC , the bitterest of enemies , are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table . 
The price of coffee has gone down almost 45 % since the beginning of the year , to the lowest level ( after inflation ) since the Great Depression . 
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately . 
With fast-food outlets on every corner , he , like many , does n't think he has a choice in the price war : `` Our customers say that they wo n't go into a fast-food store unless they get a coupon . '' 
The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs . 
But he could n't sell any . 
Company lawyers recently sent letters to growers saying that Michael `` would take very seriously any effort ... to divert its contracted-for potatoes to other outlets . '' 
For instance , salesmen may counter a man 's objection that he wants to discuss an investment with his wife by asking , `` Who wears the pants in your family ? '' 
On his FEMA visit , Mr. Bush said that he hoped there would be `` less carping '' about the emergency office 's performance this time , adding that the agency `` took a hit '' for its reaction to Hurricane Hugo . 
Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week . 
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 . 
PACIFIC TELESIS GROUP , San Francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.5 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , Pacific Bell and Pacific Telesis Cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in Santa Cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 10 times the usual , causing a big slowdown . 
That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement . 
The card holder will pay the modest 1 % fee only on the amounts actually needed . 
The picture for China 's exports is just as bleak , mainly because of the domestic credit squeeze . 
Other dealers added that the blue-chip stocks in general were hit by profit-taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . 
`` That obviously means that we wo n't have enough for all of the emergencies that are now facing us , and we will have to consider appropriate requests for follow-on funding , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
In the year-ago quarter , earnings were $ 42.9 million , or 93 cents a share . 
Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates . 
`` The main feature of the new organization is that each local manager will have both the authority and accountability for profitable and technically sound operations , '' said Charles E. Spruell , president of the Mobil unit . 
The Chicago Merc banned dual trading in its Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index futures pit in 1987 . 
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months . 
Chairman and CEO Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. Owings Mills , Md . 
Senior members of the House Budget Committee are reduced in frustration to raising doomed parliamentary obstacles to individual bills , yet admit that much of the disorder now stems from the fiscal legerdemain associated with their own summit agreement with the White House this past spring . 
`` On a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , '' said Jack MacAllister , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Joint-research programs have proliferated as U.S. companies seek to spread the risks and costs of commercializing new superconductors and to meet the challenges posed by foreign consortia , especially in Japan . 
Global allocation funds take the asset-allocation concept one step further by investing at least 25 % of their portfolios outside the U.S. . 
Though growers ca n't always keep the worm from the apple , they can protect themselves against the price vagaries of any one variety by diversifying -- into the recently imported Gala , a sweet New Zealand native ; the Esopus Spitzenburg , reportedly Thomas Jefferson 's favorite apple ; disease-resistant kinds like the Liberty . 
Toyota 's $ 35,000 Lexus automobile , a luxury model that it started shipping to the U.S. only last month , is racking up orders at a time when U.S.-made luxury-car sales are slow . 
Raymond Chandler , in a 1950 letter defending a weak Hemingway book , likened a champion writer to a baseball pitcher . 
The more we think about it , the more we suspect Mr. Brady does indeed have enough power where he already is . 
Last week the company indicated it would cut back on the working capital it would supply to Qintex Entertainment . 
`` But we do n't believe there is enough of a difference to be clinically significant , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said yesterday on NBC-TV 's `` Meet the Press '' that Mr. Ortega 's threat was `` a very unwise move , particularly the timing of it . '' 
Likewise , in the U.S. , Nissan has grabbed 5.2 % of the car market so far this year , up from 4.5 % a year ago . 
While universities develop the basic research , `` venture capitalists are the ones best positioned to finance its commercialization , '' says Gloria W. Doubleday of Commonwealth . 
StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
A Temple-Inland spokesman said the company expects record earnings in 1989 , and `` we 're still pretty bullish '' on 1990 . 
But at the same time , spending on physician services and ambulatory care have mushroomed . 
For his part , Jerry Jones says he 's in the business for the long haul , and his work style seems to support that . 
The Big Board ca n't ban stock-index futures , of course , but it could ban use of its high-speed electronic trading system for program trading or at least encourage securities firms to back off . 
Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood . 
Separately , Gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 2 % to $ 65.2 million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 63.9 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
Last week , Secretary Kemp ran into a buzzsaw of criticism from House Banking Committee members . 
All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 . 
On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division . 
Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Intense competition , however , led to unit sales declines for a group of Merck 's established human and animal-health products , including Aldomet and Indocin . 
Apple did n't introduce a kanji machine -- one that handles the Chinese characters of written Japanese -- until three years after entering the market . 
Gerald Stone , the executive producer of `` A Current Affair , '' says , `` We have opened eyes to being a little less conservative and more imaginative in how to present the news . '' 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Beverly Hills Comes To Suburban Tokyo 
The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park during the two games en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants . 
But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association . 
The reorganization is supposed to make one-stop shopping -- buying advertising , public relations and design all in one place , or `` Ogilvy Orchestration '' in Ogilvyspeak -- a reality . 
`` We always heard about the earthquake , but as children we did n't always listen . 
Indeed , some investment bankers have already started restructuring deals to cope with the expected rules . 
Good luck . 
New York Times Co. 's third-quarter earnings report is reinforcing analysts ' belief that newspaper publishers will be facing continued poor earnings comparisons through 1990 . 
But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months . 
That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world . 
They now are experimenting with measuring blood flow . 
He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book . 
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script . 
She did n't have hot water for five days . 
Sears posted a 16 % drop in third-quarter profit as U.S. retail operations recorded the first loss in over five years . 
The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled . 
`` Keep some money available for opportunities , '' he says . 
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings . 
As an alternative , he said , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
`` The primary overriding thing is that people are frightened , '' says Martin Sass , a New York money manager . 
They , as well as numerous Latin American and East European countries that hope to adopt elements of the Spanish model , are supporting the direction Spain is taking . 
`` We were just beginning to look at the increase in IPOs , seeing the light at the end of the tunnel , '' says Frank Kline Jr. , partner in Lambda Funds , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , venture capital concern . 
Others were the capital-gains cut , Section 89 repeal , the disabled workers bill , and the unprecedented reconsideration of the catastrophic health act . 
He said he believes IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology . 
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
Brokers do n't deny that . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika . 
Real estate professionals now often bill themselves as `` turnaround experts '' and `` workout specialists . '' 
Several executives said another potential contender is WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency , which works on some other Philip Morris products . 
`` They check in , but they ca n't check out . '' 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
These big stocks greatly influence the Nasdaq Composite Index . 
The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law , rather than federal law . 
Pennsylvania Higher Education Facilities Authority -- approximately $ 117 million of revenue bonds for Hahnemann University , Series 1989 , due 1990-2002 , 2009 and 2019 , priced late Monday by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.282 % in 2019 . 
The company attacked the government 's allegations as `` reckless and baseless mudslinging , '' and said its management `` promptly and accurately reported '' to the Pentagon all relevant information about billing practices . 
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell . 
But it does n't always work so smoothly . 
The September index fueled speculation , damaging to the dollar , that the Federal Reserve soon will ease monetary policy further . 
White House aides know it 's a step that ca n't be taken lightly -- and for that reason , the president may back down from launching a test case this year . 
Profit from continuing operations in the year-earlier period was $ 402.7 million . 
Congress , with a measure of White House complicity , has been manipulating the spending accounts for years under the cover of omnibus appropriations bills . 
Under the previous plan , British Air would have received a 15 % stake in UAL in exchange for a $ 750 million equity investment , with a 75 % stake going to UAL employees and 10 % to UAL management . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more oil than it can sell is starting to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment . 
Investment analysts generally agree . 
Nissan aims to expand its 25 % share of the market to 30 % by spending $ 141 million on a plant in southern Japan that could make as many as 240,000 cars a year . 
Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school , Mr. Whittle said . 
Arthur Price resigned as president and chief executive officer of MTM Enterprises Inc. , a Studio-City , Calif. , entertainment concern . 
Other ads do n't bother with the fundraising ; a touching , if self-congratulatory , American Telephone & Telegraph ad that aired Sunday intermixed footage of the devastation in San Francisco and Charleston , S.C. , with interviews of people recounting how AT&T helped . 
The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . ( net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad ) , some exports by professional firms ( a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine ) , and improved data from travel and tourism . 
Finally , IBM had to delay the introduction of some high-end disk drives , which account for 10 % of its $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
They were disturbed at what they regarded as Dr. Baltimore 's confrontational attitude toward the Dingell committee , which held hearings on a dispute over the lab notebooks of a researcher who had co-authored a scientific paper with Dr. Baltimore . 
The ` Billionaire ' 
The PACs appeal to insurance companies and other investors because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds and carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , quasi-federal agencies . 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL . 
In February 1987 , Bally thwarted a possible hostile takeover bid from Mr. Trump by agreeing to buy 2.6 million of Mr. Trump 's 3.1 million Bally shares for $ 83.7 million -- more than $ 18 million above market price . 
Still , Radio Shack is aware that some of its products are controversial . 
Reward El Espectador 's courage with real support . 
David J. Lothson , an industry analyst for PaineWebber Group Inc. , said Johnson & Johnson 's results slightly exceeded his expectations for the third quarter . 
Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously ; their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions . 
Some Canadian political commentators have opposed Canada 's joining what they see as a U.S.-dominated organization . 
The FASB rule will cover such financial instruments as interest rate swaps , financial guarantees , foward interest rate contracts , loan contracts , loan commitments and options written on securites held . 
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media . 
Exxon Corp. is resigning from the National Wildlife Federation 's corporate advisory panel , saying the conservation group has been unfairly critical of the Exxon Valdez oil spill along the Alaskan coast . 
`` The programs have arthritis , '' says Rep. Henry Hyde , a conservative Republican from Illinois . 
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 . 
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones . 
By replacing the frame 's steel lugs with titanium ones , Mr. Sinyard 's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter . 
Though the split has long been expected , the exchanges are n't fully prepared to go their separate ways . 
But she has no problem with that , she says : `` In the meanwhile , they 're helping us . '' 
This is where the voters are , which is where politicians usually end up . 
Unlike the New York Stock Exchange , where buyers and sellers are quickly matched , the junk market , where risky corporate loans are traded , is sometimes closed for repairs . 
Last month , Paribas 's archrival , Cie . Financiere de Suez , won a battle for Groupe Victoire , France 's second-largest private-sector insurer , which itself had just acquired West Germany 's Colonia Versicherung AG . 
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated . 
Small business is bracing for an avalanche of similar proposals next year . 
For the nine months , Du Pont earned $ 2 billion , or $ 8.46 a share , up 18 % from $ 1.69 billion , or $ 7.03 a share , a year earlier . 
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet . 
Her goal : to top 300 ad pages in 1990 , up from about 274 this year . 
In each case , the exchange is valued at $ 56.25 a share . 
I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock . 
The Massachusetts deal had an unsold balance of $ 84.3 million in late trading , the underwriter said . 
`` This is the type of fire insurance you only buy when the nearby woods are on fire , '' says Mr. Roth . 
For the third quarter , total operating revenue grew 2.6 % to $ 3.55 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value . 
Also , as former Reagan antitrust chief Charles Rule has noted , this would `` establish the precedent that the government may charge parties for the privilege of being sued regardless of whether the government prevails . '' 
`` I always knew that the ` Big One ' was coming , but not during my lifetime , '' she says . 
The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately . 
Today , with business activity in Hong Kong staggering along at an uneven pace , the economy itself seems locked in a struggle between hope and fear . 
`` It 's not like selling Chevrolets , '' Mr. Paul says , as he takes a drag on a goldbanded St. Moritz cigarette . 
This involves trade-offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' '' 
While Ms. Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira , Prof. Schimmel will continue to work at MIT , serve on Amira 's board and own a small equity stake in the company . 
Publicly traded VF Corp. , which owns Vanity Fair , and Sara Lee Corp. , which owns Bali Co. , are also strong forces in intimate apparel . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
Already , Congress is toying with legislation to curb the Fed 's independence . 
Johnnie Johnson , who worked for Mr. Corry in strategic planning , recalls how his boss would routinely ask a subordinate to research an entire industry to target acquisition candidates . 
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of David L. Holewinski , a consultant . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 
`` I 'm not saying London covered itself in glory , but the events of the past week have certainly exposed Europe 's weaknesses , '' says Stewart Gilchrist , a director of Scottish Amicable Investment Managers in Glasgow , Scotland , which manages about # 6 billion ( $ 9.63 billion ) in institutional money . 
To answer the brokerage question , Kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task-force study . 
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year . 
`` To slow the rise in total spending , it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services , '' the NAM warns in a policy statement . 
After being inspected , buildings with substantial damage were color-coded . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 . 
AMR , which owns American Airlines , rose 3 3\/8 to 72 1\/4 ; USAir Group fell 1 1\/2 to 38 5\/8 , and Delta Air Lines rose 1\/2 to 66 1\/2 after posting higher earnings for the September quarter . 
The Fed is easily assigned the blame for unpleasantness , like high interest rates or slow economic growth , while the politicians can escape responsibility by pointing to the Fed 's independence . 
It was a gutsy move for a little-known executive , fired after only two months as president of his previous company . 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
Now the Senate 's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax . 
Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives . 
Business , however , continues to be `` robust , '' and the stock market has n't affected the concern 's expansion plans , says Todd Krasnow , a senior executive . 
Tandy Corp. , citing sluggish sales of consumer-electronics goods , said net income dropped 3.3 % for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Judge Kozinski found the derivation entirely strained and writes that `` for an academic to refer to himself as an intellectual gigolo is ... a devastating admission of professional dishonesty . '' 
A Paramount spokesman says that decision was based on the financial , not political , drawbacks of junk bonds . 
Some analysts speculated yesterday that the move has set off a board room split , which may lead to the resignation of Sir Colin Marshall , the carrier 's chief executive officer . 
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry . 
Stephen A. Wynn , who owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares , says the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors . 
Officials said 91 companies from 14 countries , including the U.S. , had displays , down from about 260 firms from more than 20 countries at the last show in 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
Keihin Electric Express Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- 
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year . 
Sam Albert , a consultant in Scarsdale , N.Y. , said that in the past IBM has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry lines . 
That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . 
A 20-story mesh spire will stand atop 50 stories of commercial space . 
BIGGER THAN A BREADBOX was this cash hoarder 's reputation for honesty . 
Air-raid sirens sounded the alarm at 2:25 a.m. , summoning 12,000 air wardens to duty . 
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle . 
If Integrated regains the unit , it would receive any profit the unit reports , even while the unit is independent . 
And , apparently , it is here to stay . 
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Today should be interesting as people realize how hard life is going to be here for a while . 
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
The amount Bally and Mr. Trump will pay to settle the class-action suit pales in comparison to the $ 45 million Walt Disney Co. and Saul Steinberg 's Reliance Group Holdings Inc. agreed to pay to settle a similar suit in July . 
Tokyo stocks closed firmer Monday , with the Nikkei index making its fifth consecutive daily gain . 
The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Tandy has added several new products to that line , including a laptop computer priced around $ 1,000 , and is focusing its advertising on the easy-to-use software that is packaged with its machines . 
Mr. Hoelzer , however , sued Stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it . 
Lionel also said the offer by Robert I. Toussie Limited Partnership is inadequate , and full of conditions that leave it `` subject to substantial uncertainty . '' 
Investors are still waiting to see how the U.S. government will decide on interest rates and how the dollar will be stabilized . 
Inventories fell 0.3 % in August . 
`` The work was done properly , '' he said . 
Nevertheless , he adds , `` I would n't get totally shocked if we get lawsuits out of the Bay Bridge . '' 
The space shuttle Atlantis blasted into orbit from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , and its crew of five astronauts launched the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on a flight to the planet Jupiter . 
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
Expect `` tricky '' stuff from pitchers , says Mr. Weaver , the manager . 
But the Japanese have to go a long way to catch up . 
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said . 
Italy 's trade deficit narrowed to 2.007 trillion lire ( $ 1.49 billion ) in September from 2.616 trillion lire a year earlier , the state statistical office Istat said . 
She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and clips in the pleasure dome . '' 
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear . 
But due to dramatic events on the battlefield over the past few days and weeks , those Soviet bases may soon be as endangered and as lonely as the American runway . 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % . 
The filing was partly the result of the $ 2.3 billion shortfall in LTV 's three pension plans operated for its LTV Steel Co. subsidiary 's employees . 
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ? 
The Stick did n't fall . 
Visitors are ushered into the premises by red-frocked doormen known as waiters , a reminder of the insurance market 's origins in a coffeehouse in 17th century London . 
An Henri Matisse , auctioned last Wednesday , fetched $ 12.4 million , a world record for the artist . 
Yesterday 's major economic news -- a 0.2 % rise in the September index of leading economic indicators -- had little impact on financial markets . 
But in California , says Craig Ito , a Fuji-apple grower , `` There 's a Fuji apple cult . 
`` Competition from third parties who have cash and are prepared to buy has always existed and will continue , '' added Mr. Rosenthal . 
C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 . 
General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France . 
They then run remotely controlled self-diagnostic programs . 
`` It 's worse than I thought , '' she said . 
While not as brand loyal as in the past , consumers today do n't buy products capriciously , either . 
General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74%-owned by Leucadia , the sellers said . 
By a rule of thumb of 1.5 new jobs for each new hotel room , Clark County will have nearly 18,000 new jobs . 
He charges the city 's critics with spreading `` unfounded emotional rhetoric . '' 
To guarantee that Mexicana de Aviacion and other companies will really be privatized , Mexico needs a pluri-party political system that will ensure democracy and hence accountability . 
For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements , regardless of when they were signed , wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5 % -- including cost-of-living adjustments . 
`` I like to succeed , '' says Mr. Rey during a recent morning of working at home , which he also likes . 
`` If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , '' he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen . 
As a result , the company has suspended its quarterly dividend . 
Although government-controlled , Dassault still is run by the founder 's son , Chairman Serge Dassault , who has fiercely protected his company 's independence . 
Environmental Control Group Inc. said it expects to report `` minimal '' earnings or a loss for the third quarter . 
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years . 
I was struck a couple of years ago by the drug-interdiction effort in the Bahamas . 
After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers . 
Further expansion into southern Europe is also possible , says Mr. Bell , the spokesman . 
One big question now is the likely role of Mr. Fournier 's allies . 
For the first time in 32 years , ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco . 
`` People see activity in there , and the next thing you know , you 've got a haunting , '' he says . 
As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies . 
Bruce W. Wilkinson , president and chief executive officer , was named to the additional post of chairman of this architectural and design services concern . 
If not now , when ? 
Paramount and MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays and perhaps a block of original shows Fridays . 
So IBM will be announcing more than 50 products that will be aimed at letting even the dumbest machine tool talk to the smartest mainframe , or anything in between . 
Stephen R. Barnett Professor of Law University of California Berkeley , Calif . 
A man said he saw the upper rim undulate . 
But the partners did n't believe the market for the systems was developing as rapidly as they had hoped . 
Texas Rep. William Archer , the ranking Republican on the House Ways and Means Committee said , `` I do n't see how we have the votes '' to place a capital-gains tax cut there . 
Wisely Ms. Bogart has kept Gorky 's time and place intact . 
Turkey in any event is long past it . 
Indeed , over-the-counter stocks , led by technology issues , outleaped the industrial average . 
The Winter Games outlook also is mixed . 
Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of $ 1.7 million , or eight cents a share . 
Mr. Burton says conservatives ' unhappiness with Mr. Bush 's cautious handling of the recent unsuccessful coup in Panama will make them more willing to speak out . 
In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
Although it has opened a New Zealand subsidiary , it is still only `` studying '' Japan , the only nation that has n't adopted IBM-oriented specifications . 
Observers said it appeared that British Air was angered at the way the bid has degenerated into confusion , as well as by the banks ' effort to round up financing for what one called `` a deal that is n't a deal . '' 
Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities . 
New entitlements tend to grow , creating a rationale for new taxes . 
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history . 
The average 30-day simple yield slid to 8.22 % from 8.26 % , and the average 30-day compound yield fell to 8.56 % from 8.60 % . 
They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks . 
Last year , `` I was off a straight month , then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks , '' he says . 
`` You 're in the catbird seat every day in this job , '' he says . 
While supporting the Commonwealth `` in utterly condemning apartheid , '' her statement urged it to `` encourage change '' rather than inflict further punishment on the country 's black population . 
Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation . 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index finished 19.2 points higher at 2189.3 . 
All this was recognized and documented in the succeeding years by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from the American people , states and local governments . 
The terms of the Geneva accords leave Moscow free to provide its clients in Kabul with assistance of any kind -- including the return of Soviet ground forces -- while requiring the U.S. and Pakistan to cut off aid . 
The highest yielding taxable fund this week was Harbor Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield of 12.75 % . 
Priam Corp. lost 5\/32 to 3\/32 after filing for protection from its creditors under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
In 1988 , it earned $ 2.82 billion Hong Kong ( US$ 361.5 million ) on revenue of HK$ 11.79 billion . 
Lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only subscription revenue . 
Municipals 
Moreover , Mr. Douglas sees a revival of institutional interest in smaller growth stocks that could boost the performance of these stocks in the medium term . 
The index of leading indicators got a major boost in September from a surge in consumer expectations as measured by the University of Michigan . 
They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court . 
`` I have no regrets about going forward , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif. ) , who sought later to play down the sometimes hostile tone of the long evening meeting . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain and strong wood-product sales that offset weakness in pulp and paper to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share . 
Instead , they could turn to investing in smaller deals involving smaller companies , he says . 
NOTE : All figures are translated into U.S. dollars based on current exchange rates . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Randy Mastro , who headed the government 's racketeering case against the International Brotherhood of Teamsters , will join Gibson , Dunn & Crutcher in its New York office . 
The appeals court upheld a district judge 's ruling that the insurer had to defend the company in such proceedings . 
Chinese officials are trying to use the Canton Trade Fair to lure back overseas traders after the bloody crackdown on dissent . 
The USS Lexington returned to dock in Pensacola , Fla. , following an accident Sunday in which the pilot of a training jet crashed into the ship , killing five sailors . 
This argument plays well in the atmosphere of gaming and mistrust permeating the Pentagon and Congress , and unfortunately , there is some truth to it . 
Tuesday 's notable losers were highpriced shares such as Pioneer , which shed 210 yen to 5,900 yen . 
And , according to one dealer , Mr. Wachter had a penchant for introducing Mr. Paul with the phrase : `` He can buy anything . '' 
Broader averages also posted modest gains . 
And , surprisingly , little more than a whimper of protest is being heard , even though Reaganauts once breathed fire supporting the Contras and the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
The worm also looks for elementary passwords that confer more privileges on the user . 
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania . 
Moody 's also said it raised its rating on the Deposit Insurance Bridge Bank , now known as Bank One , Texas N.A. , reflecting the support of other banking affiliates and substantial assistance for the FDIC . 
This statement surely buttresses your editorial viewpoint that environmental protection is generally silly or excessive , but it is simply wrong . 
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . '' 
But under Jerry Perry 's direction the current Steppenwolf production , scheduled to play through Nov. 19 , breaks through the flat and boring ritual that `` The Homecoming '' had become . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Ryder closed at $ 22.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
Santa Fe Pacific directors are expected to review the plan at a meeting today , according to people familiar with the transaction . 
It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages . 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company , which primarily has interests in radio and television stations , increasing the number of seats to five . 
Mr. McDonough thinks of the center as the `` Eiffel Tower of Warsaw '' and `` a symbol of the resurgence of Poland . '' 
The current decline in failures continues a trend begun in late 1987 , D&B said . 
The Soviets cut a deal with Iran : a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy . 
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it . 
It even took the unusually frank step of telling analysts in a morning conference call that orders in Europe were up in `` double digits '' in foreign-currency terms . 
Chemical said deposits Monday were about $ 5 million higher than usual and it expects more activity as investors receive the proceeds from sales of stock . 
Both banks have been battered , as have other Arizona banks , by falling real estate prices . 
He also repeated Justin 's denial of Sony 's charges . 
Yesterday 's edition misstated the percentage increase . 
The other two options consist of swapping loans for bonds with 6.25 % interest rates , or providing fresh loans . 
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . '' 
As of the end of the second quarter , it had $ 4.47 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand . 
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art . 
Digital hopes to address that with the debut of its first mainframe-class computers next Tuesday . 
Analysts say much of Kellogg 's erosion has been in such core brands as Corn Flakes , Rice Krispies and Frosted Flakes , which represent nearly one-third of its sales volume . 
A maxim of Frankfurt banking holds that wherever Deutsche Bank goes , other West German banks follow . 
Index `` B '' , which monitors price changes for the 30 % of urban households that spend between HK$ 6,500 and HK$ 9,999 a month , rose 9.9 % last month from a year earlier and was up 1.3 % from the preceding month . 
These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image ; in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette . 
As their varied strategies suggest , there is more than one way to respond to a disaster -- though it 's too soon to tell whether the changes will pay off . 
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere . 
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue . 
That 's helping put pressure on both the market 's winners and its losers . 
The stress study was undertaken because problems related to stress `` are much more prevalent than they seem , '' said Leon J. Warshaw , executive director of the business group . 
They sow a row of male-fertile plants nearby , which then pollinate the male-sterile plants . 
`` It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form , '' he said . 
Mr. Coffee is a professor at Columbia Law School . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
For the nine months , AMR 's net rose 15 % to $ 415.9 million , or $ 6.59 a share , from $ 360.1 million , or $ 5.99 a share . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report . 
After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . 
Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 . 
Democrats asked in this week for discussions with President Bush have suggested ways of `` tinkering '' with the Packwood-Roth proposal , suggesting an interest in looking for a modified version they can back , one official said . 
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share . 
The wait was miserable . 
William Rothe , head of OTC trading at Alex . Brown & Sons , in Baltimore , said program trading is keeping the markets unsettled . 
The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an officer or director and closed with the admonition to Mr. Paul : `` Govern yourself accordingly . '' 
Two years later , he opened one in West Germany . 
COFFEE : 
All rights Reserved . 
Oleg A. Grinevsky , the chief Soviet negotiator in the conventional-arms talks , argued that this would mean the Soviets would have to destroy some 1,800 tanks , while the U.S. would lose none because it has no light tanks in Europe . 
I could also see the clouds across the bay from the horrible fire in the Marina District of San Francisco . 
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year . 
The Bush administration would also like to nominate a woman ; one possibility is former Justice Department official Victoria Toensing . 
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat-footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar . 
For all of 1988 , Bouygues had consolidated profit of 519 million francs , after payments to minority interests , on revenue of 50 billion francs . 
The Sandinistas of Nicaragua , for example , also are part of the Castro-Medellin cartel nexus . 
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s . 
Economists have been anticipating a slump for months , but they now say it will be deeper and longer than they had thought . 
Dresdner Bank this month moved to acquire Banque Internationale des Placements , a small French merchant bank that Deutsche Bank had looked at and passed over . 
Issues of insurance brokers were especially strong . 
A bidding war for Jaguar became more likely as Britain unexpectedly decided to end restrictions blocking a takeover of the luxury car maker . 
`` Options traders , arbitrage traders -- everyone , '' said Mr. Bates , cooling down with a carton of apple juice after the close yesterday . 
Market makers are supposed to keep supplies of stocks on hand to maintain orderly trading when imbalances occur . 
MacNamara Clapp & Klein , a small New York shop , is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications . 
Nora , who still has artistic aspirations , knows she is lucky to be working as a food stylist , prepping pies , burgers , frosty cold drinks and other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera . 
The House Energy Committee will debate the issue later this month . 
Kikkoman was up 30 to 1,600 , receiving investor interest for its land property holdings near Tokyo , a trader said . 
Authorities estimate that revenues from illegal drugs in the U.S. total about $ 110 billion annually . 
Matra S.A. reported its 1989 first-half profit soared 88 % , and indicated that its previous estimate of a 50 % rise in earnings for all of 1989 will be exceeded by a wide margin . 
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods and services , but it does suggest that it is our exports of services , and not just borrowing , that is financing our imports of goods . 
A TVS spokesman said he did n't know Mr. Price 's plans . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
He said he monitors the money-supply figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested . 
The only asset-backed deal larger than Ford 's was a $ 4 billion offering by General Motors Acceptance Corp. in 1986 . 
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy . 
For cities losing business to suburban shopping centers , it may be a wise business investment to help keep those jobs and sales taxes within city limits . 
But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America . 
Because the exchange 's computer was rerouting orders to the exchange 's trading operations in Los Angeles , `` business is as usual '' Mr. Vyas said . 
The predictions of doom are `` premature , '' she says . 
Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews . 
`` You 've got some minds here that wo n't think progressively , '' he says . 
There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program . 
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake . 
Many critics question the industry 's need for federal support ; the Pentagon justifies its help on national-security grounds . 
Toshiba Corp. , for example , is spending $ 986 million on two new plants to build four-megabit dynamic random access memories , the next generation of computer chips . 
Iran 's President Rafsanjani offered to help gain freedom for Western hostages in Lebanon , but said the assistance was contingent on U.S. aid in resolving the cases of three Iranians kidnapped in Lebanon in 1982 or the release of frozen Iranian assets . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
However , inflation for 1990 was seen slowing to 4.5 % . 
Not to mention the incursion of imports . 
On my four-mile drive to farm headquarters each morning , I drive by another four empty houses . 
Mr. Eidsmo is one of several key people from outside the cycling industry who were hired to bring the free-wheeling , fast-growing company under tighter control . 
That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including Fireman 's Fund Corp. , based in Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. , based in Philadelphia . 
Although Bausch remains the leader among the six majors , Johnson & Johnson , with its new disposables , is coming on fast . 
The project could result in the U.S. taking more than 10 % of its natural gas supplies from Canada , up from about 5 % currently . 
On Cambodia : `` Let 's assume that { former Cambodian leader Prince Norodom } Sihanouk does what the press wants him to do and joins up with { Vietnamese-backed Cambodian leader } Hun Sen . 
Underwriters led by Lazard Brothers & Co. will pick up the rest of the airline 's offer of four convertible capital bonds for every nine common shares . 
Participants in the U.S. missions to Canada are to be assisted by members of the Service Corps of Retired Executives , a volunteer group , in dealing with their export challenges . 
The Phoenix-based holding company for Arizona 's largest bank said it added $ 121 million to its allowance for losses on loans and for real estate owned . 
A two-part $ 75.1 million offering of wastewater treatment bonds by the New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust was more than half sold by late in the session , according to lead underwriter Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The odds are against him , as he himself would no doubt tell you . 
Finally , I think it important to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest-free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor . 
Rep. Ronnie Flippo ( D. , Ala. ) , one of the members of the delegation , says he was particularly impressed by Mr. Krenz 's ready admission that East Germany needed to change . 
But Eugene L. Nowak , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , forecast that the sale will bring in `` $ 200 million or substantially more . '' 
The 35-member Sinfonia played adroitly with a big , lush sound that belied its size . 
`` You need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says Jennie Tong , executive vice president of Lee Liu & Tong Advertising Inc. , New York . 
`` And if the Europeans come in , they benefit too . 
Mr. Alexander , for his part , insisted that the punchers ca n't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else , ca n't use a blunt instrument and ca n't take a running start . 
Mr. Smith recommends Cypress Semiconductor that is currently showing a robust 63 % earnings growth rate . 
As reported , CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million . 
Thus , they say , futures inhibit the basic purpose of the stock market : to accurately price securities so that capital and investment flows where it 's needed most . 
A Fed spokesman denied Mr. LaFalce 's statement . 
Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ; and that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social and environmental concerns . 
Thomas P. Marrie , chief financial officer , would n't comment about the details of the negotiations . 
And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas . 
The offering has an expected average life of 1.7 years and a final maturity date of May 15 , 1995 . 
And liquidity is what markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks . 
Still , any change in East Germany has enormous implications , for both East and West . 
Insurers typically retain a small percentage of the risks they underwrite and pass on the rest of the losses . 
So every time a Bush official raises a doubt about Mr. Gorbachev , the Washington community shouts `` Cold War '' and `` timidity , '' and an administration spokesman is quickly trotted out to reply , `` Mr. Bush wants perestroika to succeed . '' 
And , as Mr. Zell says , with Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by `` a very unusual group '' to say the least . 
But they are stalwart socialists . 
FOR YEARS , costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle . 
Although Mr. Freeman is retiring , he will continue to work as a consultant for American Express on a project basis . 
Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time , patience , breadth of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers possess . 
-- Mimi Kay . 
Born-again Christians are the most visible targets of unscrupulous do-gooder investment pitches . 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live . 
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage . 
The top state environmental official in Massachusetts said Clean Harbors Inc. 's environmental-impact statement for a proposed incinerator in Braintree was inadequate . 
Sources : Lipper Analytical Services Inc. ; Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
The role of academic criteria in choosing Berkeley 's freshmen can only decline as a result . 
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies . 
Despite higher oil prices , exploration and production profits were off because of foreign-currency losses and some construction costs incurred in one of Phillips ' North Sea oil fields . 
Warner-Lambert , Morris Plains , N.J. , reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20 % or more per-share earnings growth . 
As the session broke up , I was approached by a man who identified himself as the alumni director of a Big Ten university . 
At 10:33 , when the S&P 500 December futures contract crunched to a 12-point loss under the force of sell programs , S&P futures trading was halted and program trades on the Big Board were routed into a special computer that scans for order imbalances . 
Men are still combing the beach with shovels and hand brushes , searching for that unusual glint . 
Tradition is dictator at Lloyd 's . 
It seeks unspecified money damages . 
Third-quarter operating profit of the specialty-chemicals group declined slightly to $ 24.3 million from $ 24.9 million . 
They did themselves even more good . 
Even when it became clear this spring that demand was n't coming up to expectations , Chrysler officials `` resisted '' cutting output because Cherokee and Wagoneer are `` very profitable vehicles , '' the spokesman said . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money . 
In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
Colgate-Palmolive advanced 1 5\/8 to 63 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share , up from 69 cents a year ago . 
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income . 
`` I realized I could n't waste this water when there are people in Watsonville who do n't have fresh water to drink . '' 
That irritates many women who have n't taken their husbands ' last name . 
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says . 
The two companies later agreed to settle for $ 95 million . 
Frank grovels a little for the bookers , probably no more or less than he would have to if he worked for a big corporation . 
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible . 
Later , the judge went a step farther . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Ethyl said pretax profit from its insurance segment , excluding investment gains , rose 28 % in the latest quarter to $ 28.6 million from $ 22.4 million . 
Yesterday 's closing price of $ 101.75 , down 50 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , puts the stock at about 1 1\/2 times book value , which is as low as it has sunk over the past decade . 
Competing asset-allocation firms march to their own computer models , so some have been partly or fully invested in stocks this year while Renaissance has sat on the sidelines . 
`` A key part of the question is , how soon does this disk-drive come and how soon does production ramp up ? '' said Steve Cohen at SoundView Financial Group . 
Much of its attention was spent fighting organized labor 's initiatives on issues the small-business community traditionally opposes -- from raising state minimum wage levels to mandating benefits in health plans . 
Nicholas Parks , a New York money manager , expects the market to decline about 15 % . 
InterMedia Capital Corp. , Robin Cable Systems L.P. and Brenmor Cable Partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Mr. Foley of Lloyds noted that Mr. Lawson 's replacement , John Major , the British foreign minister , will take time to establish his credibility and , in the meantime , sterling could trend downward in volatile trade . 
Consumers , he said , are balking at higher prices on 1990 cars , especially after seeing the incentive-reduced prices on 1989 models . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
A partnership with a Williamsburg , Va. , unit of Shell Oil Co. recently patented a process for producing plastic food containers that wo n't melt in microwave ovens . 
It said it will look at opportunities in brewing , property and energy resources to the extent consistent with the dominant objective of manageable debt-to-assets ratios . 
But many investors remain wary about stocks , partly because they expect continued turbulence in the junk-bond market that would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers . 
Meanwhile , General Motors and Ford Motor continue their pursuit of the company . 
`` If we 're not headed for a recession , we 're certainly headed for a major slowdown . '' 
The New York Mercantile Exchange , the world 's chief oil futures marketplace , is at a critical juncture . 
Proceeds of the Adobe sale brought net income in the quarter to $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share . 
And she proved no shirking violet in her initial statement to the BPCA , a New York State public benefit corporation : `` The only thing I was interested in doing was a very complicated garden , which would cost an enormous amount of money and be very expensive to maintain . '' 
`` It 's either going to be a shootout , or there only may be one player in town , '' one person said . 
And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper . 
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week . 
Tele-Communications is HBO 's largest customer , and the two have a number of other business relationships . 
Deciding what constitutes `` terrorism '' can be a legalistic exercise . 
In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets . '' 
In my home region , Latin America , much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the World Bank . 
The case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called sick-building syndrome . 
Charles Redmond , a NASA spokesman , said the agency discovered the virus on Monday on the collection of computer networks collectively called Internet and expected 100 university centers to be infected by today . 
The tender offer , which surprised analysts because it appeared to be unsolicited , could spark a period of industry consolidation . 
That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 and 8 % in 1987 . 
In fact , Manufacturers Hanover said in its third-quarter earnings report that fees from syndicating loans to other banks dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million . 
Michael E. Hill 
The State Department denied asylum to a Vietnamese man who escaped from his homeland by lashing himself to the rudder housing of a tanker for two days in monsoon seas . 
Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe . 
F. Gil Troutman , 46 years old , was named chief executive officer . 
Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change . 
He predicts that sales will drop between 30 % and 40 % from last year 's $ 3 million . 
Still , Mr. Bush and some other aides are strongly drawn to the idea of trying out a line-item veto . 
Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point and investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged . 
If Brazil devises an economic strategy allowing it to resume growth and service debt , this could lead it to open up and deregulate its sheltered economy , analysts say , just as Argentinian President Carlos Saul Menem has been doing even though he was elected on a populist platform . 
Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg , Fla. , lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
Although the Treasury will announce details of the November refunding tomorrow , it could be delayed if Congress and President Bush fail to increase the Treasury 's borrowing capacity . 
In the 45 minutes before the 9:30 opening bell , the Jacobson specialists kept getting sell orders , heavier than they imagined . 
U.K. money supply figures for September , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit . 
Maybe it 's not that simple . 
Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest . 
Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover . 
Revenue rose 2 % to $ 1.58 billion from $ 1.54 billion . 
Roger Early , a portfolio manager at Federated Investors Corp. , said that yields on the so-called bailout bonds are n't high enough to attract his attention . 
Gives me the willies just thinking about it . 
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever , Japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game . 
Uneasiness about Wall Street was cited in several markets . 
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . '' 
Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal , which has primarily been a retail-based firm . 
Paramount said the sale `` completes the strategic restructuring '' it began in 1983 , and would enable it to focus on its entertainment and publishing businesses . 
Mr. Stovall does n't expect an actual recession . 
Ko Shioya spent eight years as the editor in chief of the Japanese edition of Reader 's Digest . 
Separately , Purchase , N.Y.-based PepsiCo Inc. , as expected , said fiscal third-quarter net rose 11 % to $ 269.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 241.6 million , or 91 cents a share . 
They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border . 
Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds . 
Earlier this month , Security Pacific , which is among the 10 largest bank holding companies in the U.S. , completed the acquisition of San Diego-based Southwest Bancorp . 
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading . 
Chemical Securities Inc. is acting as agent for the seller . 
Among the first of the group to post results , Abbott Laboratories said third-quarter net income jumped 14 % to $ 196 million , or 88 cents a share , from $ 172 million , or 76 cents a share , a year earlier . 
He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan . 
That nets out to about $ 17 a share for the company on a private market basis . 
Nissan , in a 34-page tract , modestly compares its `` hydraulic active suspension '' to a cheetah , and equates the various parts to the animal 's heart , brain , nerves and blood vessels . 
But `` on a new car , a rebate does n't work well '' because it cheapens the vehicle 's image , contends Thomas D. Mignanelli , executive vice president of Nissan 's U.S. sales arm . 
Things were supposed to change when Vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace , and for awhile they did . 
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders . 
James Snedeker , senior vice president of Gill & Roeser Inc. , a New York-based reinsurance broker , says insurers who took big losses this fall and had purchased little reinsurance in recent years will be asked to pay some pretty hefty rates if they want to buy reinsurance for 1990 . 
Vitro S.A. of Monterrey , Mexico , said its THR Corp. subsidiary has entered into definitive loan agreements in connection with Vitro 's $ 21.25-a-share tender offer for Anchor Glass Container Corp . 
Chevrolet already is offering an $ 800 rebate on the 1990-model Corsica . 
`` I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May . 
Mr. Breeden contended that discretionary power could have an impact on the markets if rumors were to circulate about when the exchanges might be closed . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention , the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , or the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan and his associates know . 
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame , Calif. , had been knocked out since the quake . 
This cushion could come in handy if GM has to trim fourth-quarter North American production schedules more than the already scheduled 9.5 % . 
Your story was tasteless and insensitive . 
Voyager 2 sent back spectacular photos of Neptune and its moon , Triton , this summer . 
Cable & Wireless fell 20 to 478 . 
Considering how tenuous the security of that runway is anyway , the better option -- both morally and strategically -- would be for the Bush administration to blast the regime publicly , in terms clear enough for all influential Somalis to understand . 
Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti division likes to insist that every dealer construct and furnish a building in a Japanese style . 
Thereafter , the rate will be renegotiated . 
`` I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
In Warsaw , Shevardnadze held his first talks with the Solidarity-led government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies . 
Economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9 % , where it had been since July , to about 8 3\/4 % in early October on the heels of a weak employment report . 
Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women . 
The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds and $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
In March , Qintex sold 49 % of the three Mirage resorts to Japan 's Nippon Shinpan Co. and Mitsui & Co. for A$ 433 million . 
Although the proposal , authored by Mr. Packwood and Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , appears to have general backing by Republicans , their votes are n't sufficient to pass it . 
The American depositary receipts of Jaguar jumped 3\/8 to 11 5\/8 on turnover of 1.9 million . 
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors . 
They gleefully await the `` dream season '' in 1990 . 
The latest quarter included a gain of $ 193.3 million , or $ 2.46 a share , from the sale of New York Times Cable , completed in August . 
Tanks currently are defined as armored vehicles weighing 25 tons or more that carry large guns . 
Farmers in the Midwest and other areas have suffered , but those along the Mississippi continue to prosper with holdings that were built with the sweat of men and women living in economic slavery . 
At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices . 
The executives were accused of improperly deferring expenses and booking revenue early , in an effort to dress up results -- and perhaps bolster performance-related bonuses . 
Joining the call for some kind of study or regulatory action , Merrill Lynch & Co. recommended program-trading reforms late Friday , including higher margins on stock-index futures and greater regulatory coordination . 
Carlos A. Salvagni , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo , Mich. , effective Nov. 1 . 
So who knows ? 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.20 % 45 to 67 days ; 8.325 % 68 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1\/4 to 14 1\/8 . 
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs . 
If the Paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group . 
`` They 're buying whatever 's cheaper . '' 
An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered . 
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina . 
Several other banks have similar applications pending . 
David Rahill of A. Foster Higgins & Co. said that clients of his consulting firm report that utilization management reduces their hospital care bills by about 5 % , but he agreed that for the health-care system as whole , some of these savings are offset by administrative and outpatient care costs . 
A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed that these practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 12 months . 
He predicted Ford officials will meet with Jaguar executives in the next week to outline their proposed offer . 
Then , as an additional precaution , the car dealership took the judge 's photograph as he stood next to his new car with sales papers in hand -- proof that he had received the loan documents . 
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
Money could be added to a pending spending bill covering the Federal Emergency Management Agency , which coordinates federal disaster relief . 
Give him an F for his failure to understand the ethics of economic equity . 
The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS , 24 other states , and two Canadian provinces , and even from phonebook Yellow Pages . 
If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels . 
This fatuous statement was not taken seriously when enacted in 1972 , and should not now be confused with the operative provisions of the statute . 
`` He would , '' agrees the chairman . 
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well . 
The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 . 
That collapse , following on the heels of disarray in the market for high-risk , high-yield bonds , cast doubt on the entire takeover business , which has fueled both big profits among Wall Street securities firms and big gains in the stock market generally . 
Harry Rossi , 69 , chairman of the holding company , also remains chairman of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
The second part , consisting of $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating-rate notes , was priced at 99 3\/4 to float 4.25 % above the three-month London interbank offered rate . 
NBC had five of the top 10 shows ; ABC had four and CBS had one . 
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come . 
`` The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? '' he asked . 
General Mills gained 2 1\/4 to 72 7\/8 . 
Dealers noted that it 's difficult to structure new Remics when prices are moving widely . 
Professional Crisco products are specially made for the foodservice industry . 
Jamaica Fires Back 
And Mr. Shultz curtly told Mr. Abrams that the general should be told that only he could repair his tarnished image . 
He succeeds William Kohut , who resigned earlier this year . 
`` We do n't want Brussels deciding conditions for workers unless they are necessary and useful , '' said Zygmunt Tyszkiewicz , secretary general of the employers ' confederation Unice . 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
Separately , bankers representing the group trying to buy United 's parent UAL Corp. met with other banks about reviving that purchase at a lower price , possibly around $ 250 a share , or $ 5.65 billion . 
Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho , the former Democratic majority whip . 
`` So when there 's talk and concern about the economy , it 's not unreasonable for a portion of the buying public to defer purchases . '' 
But officials in Rome say the issue was legally resolved by a settlement between Italy and King Idris , deposed by Col. Muammar Gadhafi in 1969 . 
The CF6-6 series engines are n't being manufactured any more ; they are only being used in the DC-10 Series 10 planes currently in service , he said . 
According to the ministry , retail sales at major department stores were up 12 % to 745.7 billion yen , while sales at supermarkets rose 6.7 % to 642 billion yen . 
Carl Banerian Jr . Birmingham , Mich . 
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers . 
At San Francisco International Airport , shock waves wrecked the control tower , knocking down computers and shattering glass . 
Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould and Jim Fiske , and Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges and legislators . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
In such an environment , market makers can suffer huge losses both on trades made that day at steadily dropping prices and in the value of their inventories of shares . 
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill . 
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . '' 
The sale of the extrusion division is subject to audit adjustments for working capital changes through the closing . 
Bancroft Convertible Fund Inc. , New York , likely will reject a renewed offer from Florida investor Robert I. Green to buy Bancroft for $ 18.95 a share . 
He predicted that the most popular growth companies will be those with `` some kind of unique product or franchise '' that makes them appear able to sustain their momentum . 
The pound likely will fall in coming days and may trade as low as 2.60 marks within the next year , says Nigel Rendell , an international economist at James Capel & Co. in London . 
Individuals familiar with the case said that throughout September , defense attorneys were talking with the government in an effort to prevent a trial , but by the end of the month the talks had ended . 
Investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow . 
Piggybacking on government assertions that General Electric Co. may have covered up fraudulent billings to the Pentagon , two shareholders have filed a civil racketeering suit against the company . 
Glenn Hall contributed to this article . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Network-access revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 6.4 % to $ 618.6 million . 
There are a few ramshackle fishing towns with quiet atolls of resort houses nearby . 
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry . 
During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the 
Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . 
Wells Fargo has sold all of its non-trade loans made to less-developed countries , and managed to partly reverse the sharp rise in domestic non-accrual loans , which fell 8 % from the previous quarter to $ 806.8 million from $ 880.9 million . 
Total assets slipped to $ 31.4 billion , from $ 32 billion as of June 30 . 
I was shaking the whole time . '' 
`` We view it as a good long-term investment , '' the spokesman said . 
`` The judge came out and said , ` Quick , let 's put this on the record , ' '' says Sandy Bettencourt , the judge 's court reporter . 
The March 24 oil spill soiled hundreds of miles of shoreline along Alaska 's southern coast and wreaked havoc with wildlife and the fishing industry . 
However , the disclosure of the guidelines , first reported last night by NBC News , is already being interpreted on Capitol Hill as an unfair effort to pressure Congress . 
Quebecor still lags in the Quebec circulars market , while Mr. Peladeau 's former employees are expanding across Canada . 
But by that time , many big institutions had switched business to London . 
Says director George Miller ( `` Mad Max '' ) : `` I think the Tokyo festival may become known as a major attraction for young directors because of the money as well as the recognition . '' 
McCaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $ 125-a-share bid for 22 million of Lin 's shares . 
Why is this happening ? 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.45 % six months . 
Traders said the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last Monday 's record 13 % loss . 
The plan thus places a large new affirmative-action program , based on `` socioeconomic disadvantage , '' on top of the existing program based on race . 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission ruled unanimously that the financial troubles facing the Seabrook , N.H. , nuclear-power plant have no impact on whether the plant receives a full-power license . 
`` I did n't learn to count until I got to Juilliard . '' 
Diamond-Star said it will export about 1,500 Eclipse cars to Japan by year 's end . 
French chemicals group , Orkem S.A. , said Wednesday it has made a bid for control of Coates Brothers PLC , a British manufacturer of inks and polyester resins . 
The Mouth is back . 
Then there are Mr. Dinkins 's old-time Harlem colleagues , such as U.S. Rep. Rangel , former Deputy Mayor Paterson and Mr. Sutton . 
University of Michigan students look for jobs related to planned careers . 
Pride Petroleum Services Inc. said it agreed to buy well-servicing assets of two companies and expects to report higher third-quarter revenue and earnings . 
To date , scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors . 
Because of the business-like manner in which the Bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
`` It 's not going to stop it at all . '' 
It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs . 
And as of midyear , settled but unpaid claims amounted to $ 136 million -- more than half the trust 's total of $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists . 
There 's light at the end of the tunnel for municipals , '' he said , adding that he expects prices to `` inch up '' in the near term . 
That should help IBM address the damage that a resurgent Storage Technology Corp. has inflicted in that market . 
Poland 's plan to switch to a free-market economy by 1991 is hampered by a foreign debt load of $ 39.2 billion . 
More than 700 people work in the GTE building . 
Airline Aviation , which has annual revenue of $ 5 million to $ 6 million , has great growth potential because of the large number of U.S. pilots nearing retirement age , Comair said . 
There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures and options ; computer-driven strategies like program trading ; and crowd psychology . 
The FDA requested the recall of Quantum 's mioxidil tablets , chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules because , it said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was . 
Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year . 
Merkur 's death is n't nearly as costly to Ford as was the Edsel debacle , because Merkur was a relatively low-budget project with limited sales goals . 
Based on 1988 sales , Georgia-Pacific ranked third at $ 9.51 billion , behind Weyerhaeuser Co. at $ 10 billion and International Paper Co. at $ 9.53 billion . 
Orkem and Coates said last Wednesday that the two were considering a merger , through Orkem 's British subsidiary , Orkem Coatings U.K. Ltd . 
Earthquake 's Damage 
The State Department said it had received a new letter on the subject from Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , restating Israel 's previous objection to negotiating with any Palestinian tied to the PLO . 
South African gold stocks closed moderately lower . 
He also called on Nicaragua 's neighbors to accept a `` military equilibrium '' guaranteed by both superpowers . 
Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now . 
Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments on the reset notes on Dec. 15 , and a company spokesman said it fully intends to meet the payments . 
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . '' 
And the Columbia , Md. , company may have to settle for a lower price , he adds . 
An Applied Solar spokesman said completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year . 
With obvious satisfaction , she says she told him : `` No darling , I just give it a Chanel look . '' 
`` I do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise . 
`` It 's a seller 's market , '' said Mr. Snedeker of the reinsurance market right now . 
The two companies each produce market pulp , containerboard and white paper . 
In the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 14.7 million , or 38 cents a share , including $ 4 million , or 10 cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
The consequence can be inflation , brought on as the effect of a desperate bid to avoid the deflationary shock of a sudden crash . 
One of their pastors has envisioned a `` new utopia '' of `` creative socialism . '' 
The 1974 budget `` reform , '' passed over President Nixon 's veto , took away the presidential impoundment power , thereby introducing monstrous CRs and eviscerating the presidential veto . 
J. Thomas Allen , president of Pittsburgh-based Advanced Investment Management Inc. , agrees it 's a good idea to jump between the S&P 500 stocks and futures . 
It must be accepted by the court . '' 
It said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations . 
Later , Mr. Dinkins became more deeply indebted to Mr. Sutton and other city pols , including then-City Council President Paul O'Dwyer , when they helped him get appointed city clerk , a largely ceremonial post responsible for the city 's marriage bureau , among other things . 
So far there is little to show for such efforts . 
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp . 
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 . 
For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , `` the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not . 
However , operating profit fell 35 % to $ 16.4 million . 
The absence of Mr. Briggs underscored the possible inadequacy of the current NSC staff . 
Mr. Pilevsky , who heads Philips International Holding Corp. , a New York-based real estate company , owns more than a dozen other shopping centers in which K mart is a tenant . 
`` The crime goes to character , '' says Ron Maiorana , a consultant to the Giuliani campaign . 
`` What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , '' he says . 
Wall Street is seething over the rules , which would curtail the tax deductibility of debt used in most LBOs . 
In addition , the report recommends that federal and state governments provide free treatment to all who test positive . 
To transfer information from one to the other , employees make printouts and enter the data manually . 
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue . 
During the 15-month survey , 43 % of all legal-services programs said that at some period they were unable to accept new clients unless they had an emergency . 
The Hun Sen regime has sent thousands of conscript laborers to die of malaria and malnourishment while building Cambodia 's equivalent of the Berlin Wall near the Thai border . 
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
The bid values Navigation Mixte at around 23 billion francs , depending on how many holders of Navigation Mixte warrants exchange them for shares before the bid expires . 
`` We think it 's very important to provide as much information as possible on the drugs consumers take , '' said Searle Chairman Sheldon Gilgore . 
Allianz 's statement stressed the company 's previously announced position that Paribas 's offer price is too low . 
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ? 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
According to one analyst , Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York , the stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's , in particular . 
Conservatives should take a position prior to the administration 's year-end deadline . 
The Labor Department said wage settlements in the third quarter called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in the first year and 3.0 % over the life of the contracts . 
`` The World Series is brought to you by Lexus , who urges you to help relieve the suffering caused by the recent earthquake ... , '' the game announcer said . 
No settlement negotiated by others can force the Afghan people to give up their struggle . 
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares , compared with 678 million Tuesday . 
Also yesterday , Ashok Patel , a former Par official who pleaded guilty to providing an FDA employee an illegal gratuity of $ 3,000 , was sentenced by a federal judge in Baltimore to one year of community service and a $ 150,000 fine . 
Honda Motor Co. , which continues to have short supplies of domestically made Accords , saw its sales of North American-built cars fall 14.1 % to 8,355 . 
Some of the funds will used to demolish unstable buildings and clear sites for future construction . 
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo . 
He would ease the proposed penalties for delayed payroll-tax deposits and for faulty Form 1099 and other reports that taxpayers correct voluntarily . 
But it showed strength throughout the session , hitting a low of only 2102.2 within the first few minutes of dealings . 
And the Second Law , unique to insurance ? 
The reason : Items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as fragmented as today 's . 
A Beatrice spokesman did n't return calls seeking comment . 
Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif . 
A special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for Hong Kong 's airlines , which include the smaller Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , will continue to be negotiated by Hong Kong 's government . 
It astounds me he can rationalize his self-righteous and greedy actions in Utah . 
However , Mr. Davis could pressure the board by asking that the agreement be waived , or letting it be known that he has financing for an offer at a lower price . 
The Securities and Futures Commission , a government watchdog set up after the 1987 crash to try to restore confidence and order to Hong Kong 's markets , had been expected to give the contract conditional approval last week . 
That was slightly above Sotheby 's presale estimate of $ 111 million . 
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again . 
The discovery `` suddenly puts an obscure gene right in the cockpit of cancer formation , '' says Robert Weinberg , a leader in cancer-gene research at Whitehead Institute in Cambridge , Mass . 
The average 30-day simple yield was 8.26 % , compared with 8.27 % the week before , and the 30-day compound yield slid to 8.60 % from 8.61 % . 
Silicon Valley heaved a sigh of relief yesterday . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
`` If those two banks are there , then the balance of the banking institutions will be there , '' says Mr. Gilmore , the Securities and Futures Commission official . 
And she said , ` Hello . ' 
A former Oklahoma governor , he 's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy . 
We had intercepted during the year an estimated $ 5 billion street value of cocaine . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said he intends to use Senate procedures to force advocates of the tax cut to come up with at least 60 votes before they can address the issue . 
National leaders stopped by his stand to commend his achievements . 
Another said that if China was a buyer , it would be the earliest that country had made purchases since the 1979-80 crop year , and thus would be a bullish sign . 
They wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison ( R. , Ohio ) . 
Mr. Utsumi said the most the ministry had ever done was ask Japanese banks about `` the status of their participation '' in one previous U.S. leveraged buy-out . 
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to 
The Eurodollar bond market sprang to life late in the European trading session after the Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled . 
Some say the best hope for the Mexicans is catching the eye of Japan by promoting the one industry the Japanese clearly like -- the border assembly plants , known as `` maquiladoras , '' which are open to 100 % foreign control . 
`` Carr told Kodak on many occasions to avoid various features because of Polaroid 's patent positions , '' and Kodak followed his advice in every instance , Mr. Crary said . 
After the transaction , current common unitholders will own about 21.3 % of Edisto , current acquisition preferred holders will own 72.3 % , and current stockholders of Edisto will own about 6.4 % , about the same stake as Edisto owns now in NRM . 
But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas . 
It also voted down proposals to give the secretary much more discretion on whether to block a buy-out and to require the department to consider the impact of a buy-out on workers . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze did not address this topic before the Supreme Soviet , the Soviet Union 's official position remains that the anthrax deaths were caused by tainted meat . 
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
Keeping the listed price at a dollar is primarily a convenience . 
ERC Corp. rose 7\/8 to 12 . 
Rival Boston Herald columnist Howie Carr , who usually rails at Statehouse `` hacks '' and nepotism , argued that the new drawings were designed to hide Mr. Madden 's `` rapidly growing forehead '' and the facial defects of `` chinless '' Dan Shaughnessy , a Globe sports columnist . 
GASB rules still apply for other government units . 
The agency investigated the complaints but no violations were cited . 
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Sammye Meadows Sam Rushforth Gary Bryner Heber City , Utah 
But some are skeptical of the code 's effectiveness . 
Richard Winger , a partner at Boston Consulting Group , adds : `` It 's very popular to drape yourself in the flag these days . 
Some companies are confident that they 're prepared . 
Host Ted Koppel introduced him as `` the media master of the Reagan Administration , '' with nary a mention of Mr. Deaver 's conviction in 1987 on perjury charges . 
( Some exchange wags call the building `` the oil rig . '' ) 
New telephone lines posted healthy growth . 
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments . 
The husky blond guide with the Aggie cap twists his face in mock fury . 
It 's a danger . 
The seventh child of a store owner in Aichi prefecture , Mr. Morishita started out in the textile business . 
Credit Agricole officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . 
It requires that `` discharges of pollutants '' into the `` waters of the United States '' be authorized by permits that reflect the effluent limitations developed under section 301 . 
Indeed , during a recent post-production audience discussion , the director explained that her fondest artistic wish was to find a way to play `` Somewhere Over the Rainbow '' so that the song 's `` original beauty comes through , '' surmounting the cliche . 
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares . 
Our view is that we may see a profit decline . '' 
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom . 
It is the New Journalism come to television . 
We 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market . 
Shell eased 1 to 416 on turnover of 4.8 million shares . 
Higher earnings helped some issues . 
But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme . 
Black Males 
Some masseurs have tried to get around this by calling themselves `` bodyworkers '' and describing their office visits as `` reinvigoration breaks . '' 
The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , compared with $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year ago . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Polaroid closed at $ 47 , up $ 1.125 . 
Mr. McDonough is about to tackle his biggest clean-air challenge yet , the proposed Warsaw Trade Center in Poland , the first such center in Eastern Europe . 
JUST FIVE ACRES MORE are all we need to feel really at home , they say . 
In her introduction , Ms. Rose writes that she feels she has much in common with Baker , but as `` Jazz Cleopatra '' goes on , it seems more rushed , as though the author were growing less interested . 
It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia , where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes . 
Like which are droppable and which are not . 
Yoshihisa Murasawa , a management consultant for Booz-Allen & Hamilton ( Japan ) Inc. , said his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future . 
While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want . '' 
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection , '' he said , adding that coming up with a revised offer could easily take several weeks . 
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51-cash management bills yesterday . 
Polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased Republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter . 
We are almost left out of { campus } social activities . 
The Decatur , Ga. , trade group has issued a `` briefing book '' that claims the machine is `` a health hazard '' and that Mr. Maynard is trying `` to make a fast buck at the expense of the nation 's egg producers . '' 
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc . 
In subsequent tests , the agency found smaller-size cans from several Chinese plants to be similarly contaminated . 
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration . 
Since most prosecutors would n't be able to demonstrate conclusively that racial considerations did n't affect sentencing , executions everywhere might come to a halt , Mr. Boyd explains . 
The $ 82.8 million of Series B bonds , which are n't subject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.85 % in 2000 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
The consensus view calls for an overall job gain of 155,000 compared with September 's 209,000 increase . 
`` Under any circumstances , Saudi Arabia should get more '' rather than less , Mr. Nazer said . 
Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters : dentists who invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised racehorses on their days off . 
Mexico is sending a number of missions to Japan looking for a major breakthrough investment in telecommunications , petrochemicals or tourism . 
Ad Notes ... . 
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death . 
By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors , they found defects in the second copy of chromosome 13 in the exact area as in the first copy of the chromosome . 
Also closed yesterday were the company 's Santa Teresa software-development lab and the Almaden research center . 
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
McCaw Cellular Communications and its target , LIN Broadcasting , were active . 
Warner said it will provide financing for the venture , but did n't disclose terms . 
Instead of banning such shopping , the confederation proposed amending controls to be sure the privilege is n't abused ... . 
At that price , an analyst familiar with the machine said , the computer offers up to 10 times the performance of similar machines . 
The brew , called Miller Sharp 's , will be supported by ads developed by Frankenberry , Laughlin & Constable , Milwaukee . 
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs . 
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating . 
The next step , which could have a larger effect on businesses , will come early next month , when the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs is to hold its first auction of foreign currency . 
Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive . 
Much of the money goes into subsidies or keeping inefficient state-controlled companies operating . 
When it comes to buying and selling shares , Westridge Capital Management Inc. takes a back seat to no one . 
But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . 
In last week 's House vote , 41 Republicans defected . 
`` There 's a wide feeling of indignation across the country , '' says Bhabani Sen Gupta of the Center for Policy Research , in New Delhi . 
But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe . 
Tenders , available in minimum denominations of $ 1 million , must be received by noon EST today at Federal Reserve Banks or branches . 
It 's focused on streamlining '' PWA 's fleet in a bid to cut training and aircraft servicing costs , the analyst said . 
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 . 
It also inevitably leaves a residue of shareholder lawsuits . 
By wooing a core black audience they figure they might keep the show alive at least until the spring semester . 
Moreover , many financial advisers say individuals should be in the stock market as long-term investors , not as traders trying to catch the next hot stock . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's world-wide third-quarter sales rose about 8 % to $ 1.29 billion . 
The name is supposed to connote feminine grandeur , but in Japanese it means `` eyeglasses . '' 
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 climbed to $ 551 million , or $ 1.66 a share , from $ 400 million , or $ 1.18 a share , a year earlier . 
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond . 
The roll call was considered an illustration of the limits of power that the resurgent abortion-rights movement faces . 
Mr. Roberts was assistant Treasury secretary under President Reagan . 
Despite Saatchi 's firm stand against selling its ad units , U.S. analysts believe the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units . 
The resolution also comes at a time when Turkey has been seeking help from the United States in resolving its Bulgarian emigration controversy and pursuing democratic reforms that may lead to membership in the European Community . 
Poughkeepsie Savings Bank said a plan to sell its South Carolina branch offices to First Citizens Bank , of Columbia , S.C. , fell through . 
Cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation . 
U.S. diplomacy has done it before , and it will likely do it again . 
The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters . 
The plan thus will decrease by 22 % , for a net loss of 10 % , the number of students admitted primarily by academic criteria . 
The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business . '' 
More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables , instead of sitting behind glass cases , so that customers can `` walk up and touch them , '' Mr. Roberti says . 
`` Their powerful members manage them . '' 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
The DAX index closed at 1472.76 , up from 1466.29 . 
Although that may sound like an arcane maneuver of little interest outside Washington , it would set off a political earthquake . 
MEASUREX CORP. , Cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing processes , annual sales of $ 265 million , NYSE , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up . 
As part of the transaction , J.C. Penney will sell a portion of its credit-card receivables to its JCP Receivables Inc. unit , which will then transfer them to a master trust . 
In the year 's first six months , Kurzweil had a loss of $ 6.9 million on sales of $ 11.2 million . 
Mr. Hixson , who resigned effective Jan. 1 for health reasons , remains a director . 
Athena eventually acquired exclusive rights to the technology and currently is developing it . 
The investor will be out the cost of the put , which is called the `` premium , '' and this loss will reduce the stock-market profit . 
`` We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , '' says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman . 
The judge also ruled that the painting was n't abandoned because officials did n't intend for it to be thrown away and were unaware that the workmen had discarded it . 
The exploration side of the unit has recently undergone a similar overhaul , during which it also lost as many as 400 employees , a company spokesman said in response to questions . 
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
He recommended that the company file for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code before the MCA deadline , according to a source familiar with the sessions . 
South Korean consumer prices rose 5 % in the first 10 months of this year , matching the government 's target for the entire year , according to the Bank of Korea and the Economic Planning Board . 
Ford Motor Co. created the Merkur nameplate in 1985 to sell its German-made touring sedans in the U.S. . 
Pretax profit in the latest year climbed to # 187.1 million ( $ 297.1 million ) from # 146.3 million ( $ 232.3 million ) . 
But in general , all foreign-trading companies are feeling the pinch . 
`` Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . '' 
`` If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples . 
Now , clients know that new associates have had some practical training before working on their cases , says James J. Hanks , a partner at the firm . 
Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief in early October when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 ( k ) and similar savings plans . 
`` It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , '' Ms. Fixx says . 
`` The current backlog of orders is strong throughout the corporation , '' he said . 
As a result , industry operated out of small , expensive , highly inefficient industrial units . 
The drug , which is still in the experimental phase , has n't been approved yet by the Food and Drug Admistration , and its long-term effects are unknown . 
International Paper or Weyerhaeuser could step in . '' 
`` There are just tons of things that have to be considered , '' Mr. Fogg says . 
Employers foot the bill , he says , figuring what 's good for the couple is good for the company . 
True , Prince Sihanouk backs the idea of such a coalition , at least for this week . 
To hear most U.S. growers tell it , we 'd still be in Paradise if the serpent had proffered one to Eve . 
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal . 
Besides , Daikin 's major competitors , Hitachi Ltd. and Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. , `` are all adding production lines , '' a Daikin spokesman says . 
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index rose 101.98 points to 35588.36 . 
Mr. Thornburgh will be free to disband the strike forces after Congress approves a $ 479 million appropriation for federal law-enforcement and drug-interdiction agencies , according to David Runkel , a Justice Department spokesman . 
BUSINESSLAND INC. , San Jose , computer retail company , annual sales of $ 1.1 billion , NYSE , said all 16 corporate office and stores in the area were open with the exception of a retail center in San Francisco 's business district . 
`` We 're planning on a rip-roaring year in 1989 , but next year we 'll be another story , '' said Robert Freedman , a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett . 
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said . 
Both Clarcor and Anderson are based in Rockford , Ill . 
Shareholder equity improved to 4.68 % from 4.23 % in the previous quarter . 
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co . 
IBM is gaining momentum in the personal-computer market , and is expected to introduce some impressive workstations early next year . 
`` What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that . 
Investment bankers following UAL agree that the strongest impetus for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success . 
As a model of capitalist efficiency on southern China 's doorstep , Hong Kong 's prospects look good . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose to 7.56 % from 7.51 % Wednesday , while the rate on six-month bills rose to 7.57 % from 7.53 % . 
Prompted by an earlier California earthquake , as well as a fire in a Los Angeles office tower , Great Western Bank in the past year hired three emergency planners and spent $ 75,000 equipping a trailer with communications gear to serve as an emergency headquarters . 
Seeing all those millions in action , I was just so relieved that Ms. Gruberova , gawky thing that she is , did n't accidentally smother herself in a drape . 
Mr. Phelan said that the Big Board has been trying to deal quietly with the issue , but that banning computer-assisted trading strategies entirely , as some investors want , would be like `` taking everybody out of an automobile and making them ride a horse . '' 
Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 2 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 24 . 
But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns to crumble and buckle under the weight of the second deck , crushing motorists who were lined up in bumper-to-bumper rush-hour traffic on the lower deck nearly 15 feet below . 
PACS GIVE and receive in a debatable duet with employees ' favored charities . 
All the published studies recommend that women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy to term but undergo a surgical abortion . 
Excluding Mexico , reserves equal 95 % of LDC exposure . 
But that was off less than at midyear , when completions lagged by 27.1 % . 
Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities . 
Clearly not . 
They , or at least something less efficient than today 's thin-walled units , may soon be making a comeback . 
Mr. Runkel says he doubts Mr. Kennedy can muster enough congressional support to reorganize the Justice Department . 
Some of the same risks that were cited -- and seemingly ignored -- in dozens of previous junk offerings . 
Terms of the settlements for the remaining 145 lawsuits against Northwest were n't disclosed . 
Yet in Mr. Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions . 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
Some analysts do n't expect a quick revival of any takeover by the pilots . 
Canada 's trade surplus with all countries narrowed to C$ 203.5 million in August from C$ 528.3 million in July , Statistics Canada said . 
`` They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . '' 
When a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit . 
How soon Wang will stage a comeback , or if it will at all , are still matters of debate . 
During the past five years , Japanese concerns have invested in several of the U.S. 's 431 independent biotechnology companies . 
Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard . 
It also can sell the right to regain the subsidiary to another party . 
Though Democrats can gloat at all this for now , they may want to contain their glee . 
But as Congress prepares a fresh package of sanctions against Beijing , the already-tense relationship could get worse . 
And that means 42-year-old Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive since January , will for the first time take complete control of Kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans . 
Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 . 
Administration officials insist that the size of the staff was n't a problem during the Panama crisis . 
Individuals also should focus on building equity in a home , which provides some protection against inflation , as well as a nest-egg that can be cashed in late in life to help cover the cost of retirement living . 
Beyond that , Prospect said it would n't offer to acquire additional shares for less than $ 11.25 a share during the next year or less than $ 14.06 a share during the subsequent two years . 
Will the adoption of this particular form of a poison pill significantly improve the chances for management to carry out this strategy ? 
Always . 
Next year may see a drop of one percentage point . 
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said . 
Domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was sapped in September by the estimated 2 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association . 
In November 1987 , a district court judge in Detroit ruled against the UAW . 
`` I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , '' she says , eyes wide at the recollection . 
The computer system was operating , so orders could be taken . 
Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate . 
Yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem . 
Allianz did n't say whom , if anyone , it will support . 
Everybody was rubber-necking . '' 
The country 's Supreme Court dismissed the suit , but Mr. Garcia late last month filed for a reconsideration . 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
Volume was 449.3 million shares , the slowest of a hectic week , compared with 643.4 million Tuesday . 
General Electric Pension took control of the 85-title library last month after Color Systems defaulted on the loan . 
Earlier yesterday , the Societe de Bourses Francaises was told that a unit of Framatome S.A. also bought Navigation Mixte shares , this purchase covering more than 160,000 shares . 
For the nine months , Polaroid reported earnings of $ 98.5 million , or $ 1.27 a share . 
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business . 
Instead , his Merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon CD , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value . 
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point . 
British customs officers said they 'd arrested eight men sneaking 111 rare snakes into Britain -- including one man who strapped a pair of boa constrictors under his armpits . 
The House version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
That 's why `` we have been working hard to develop a single , more unified presence in Europe , '' said A.J.C. Smith , Marsh & McLennan 's president , at a London news conference yesterday . 
DSP makes electronic instrumentation and data acquisition systems . 
`` We are n't looking at anything like a doomsday scenario , '' he says . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
r - Revised . 
Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park , but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful . 
Even Lloyd 's specialty -- unusually risky ventures -- is being challenged . 
But Home Depot Inc. , an Atlanta-based home center chain , objected when Mr. Vila started doing commercial endorsements for Rickel Home Centers , a New Jersey building supply company that competes with Home Depot in some markets . 
`` But the horrendous pace of call volume in the first half-hour slowed considerably . '' 
In a separate development , PS of New Hampshire gave 60 managers severance agreements that would pay one to three years ' salary if their jobs were changed or they were dismissed in the wake of a takeover . 
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control , Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE . 
When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells , a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects . 
Liz Claiborne Inc. , New York , said its third-quarter net income jumped 62 % , citing continued strength in apparel sales and the start of shipments of its new product lines : a men 's fragrance , large-size women 's apparel and casual knitwear . 
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal . 
NORTHERN CALIFORNIA BRACED for earthquake-related traffic jams . 
Larsen & Toubro , for example , says it 's raising $ 570 million to use as supplier credit on large engineering jobs . 
`` They started , and then abandoned it . '' 
In 1983 , the Supreme Court tried to supply a workable definition in the Dirks v. SEC decision , which found that liability depended on whether the tipper had breached his fiduciary duty to the corporation in order to obtain `` some personal gain '' and whether the tippee knew or recklessly disregarded this fact . 
Some companies , including Heinz , even pay part of the fee . 
Newly contracted residential work edged up 2 % in September to an annualized $ 121.2 billion , largely because multifamily building rebounded from a very weak August . 
Mr. Steinhardt adds that he bought USAir stock earlier this year as `` part of a fundamental investment in the airline group . '' 
For the first nine months of the year , Norwood said the average fund has lost 3.3 % . 
That 's based on a multiple of anywhere between 8.5 to 10 times UAL earnings , which are estimated to come in somewhere around $ 16 a share this year . 
Mr. Cathcart says he has had `` a lot of fun '' at Kidder , adding the crack about his being a `` tool-and-die man '' never bothered him . 
When they determined that GM needed parts more quickly , Armco convinced a steel service center to build a processing plant nearby so shipments could be delivered within 15 minutes . 
The municipal bond market is bracing for tough times through the end of the year as it struggles to absorb an oversupply of bonds and two of its best customers turn into sellers . 
Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire . 
`` It 's been a spectacular year for the emerging growth stock investor , '' Mr. Weisberg said . 
By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives . 
Figures for the period ended Sept. 30 for the four largest brokerage firms -- Nomura Securities Co. , Daiwa Securities Co. , Yamaichi Securities Co. and Nikko Securities -- also reflected a changeover to a fiscal year ending March 31 , replacing the 12-month term formerly finishing Sept. 30 . 
The politics of the 1990 congressional authorization are likely to be similar to those of previous authorizations . 
The decision by a majority of state-appointed Waertsilae Marine directors Monday to file for bankruptcy was an abrupt about-face from previous government policy . 
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture . 
Kemper Financial Services has stopped executing its stock trades through four big securities firms because of their involvement in program trading , which Kemper and others say is ruining the market . 
His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key . 
For Gorky , Mr. Helpern provided an aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff , which is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view . 
He made numerous trips to the U.S. in the early 1980s , but was n't arrested until 1987 when he showed up as a guest of then-Vice President George Bush at a government function . 
Many of the RJR securities , which had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session , bounced back after the company 's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods , a unit of the Swiss-based food concern . 
Labor problems top the list . 
In the year-ago quarter , Viacom also paid preferred stock dividends of $ 17 million ; Viacom exchanged its preferred stock for debt in March . 
Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . 
Options traders who , in return for a small fee , or premium , had previously sold put options on stocks or stock indexes were forced on Friday to buy those contracts back at the previously agreed prices , which were substantially above those in the market as it was falling . 
Does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ? 
But healthy skepticism is only a small reason for Japan 's PC lag . 
Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement `` that could make long-term business sense to both parties . '' 
Michael A. Gaskin , 55 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots , succeeding Walter K. Weisel . 
It 's now OK to deal with the U.S. , but not the Soviet Union . 
No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first , so younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. , shelf offering of $ 575 million of debt securities . 
He added , `` We have no intention of selling either business . '' 
They lied to me on the recruiting trip . 
Revenue climbed 4.3 % to $ 14.31 billion from $ 13.71 billion . 
Silicon Graphics ' strategy seems to be paying off . 
The roller-coaster stock market is making life tougher for small companies trying to raise money . 
But Mr. Redmond said the worm hit universities that had n't elected to make the changes . 
Brady and Breeden work well together on the plunge , despite the fact that the Treasury secretary opposed Breeden 's nomination to the SEC post . 
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table . 
By the second half of 1990 , USAir stock could hit 60 , says Helane Becker of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
There is no mystery why the Delta originated `` Singin ' the Blues . '' 
His contract makes him `` exclusive '' spokesman for Sears 's home improvement marketing campaigns . 
Supporters of index arbitrage have n't been publicly sticking up for the trading strategy , as some did during the post-crash outcry of 1987 . 
Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa and the Soviet Union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals . 
The city 's mayor vowed to take legal action against developers who had been excavating at the crest of the hill . 
Sales rose to $ 8.19 billion from $ 7.65 billion . 
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out . 
AMR declined to comment , and Mr. Trump did n't respond to requests for interviews . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
The U.S. electronics industry estimates that the HDTV market will total about $ 150 billion over the next two decades , with an additional $ 400 billion expected to go for related products . 
`` That must start with cutting the federal budget deficit . '' 
Rates for the Wall Street Journal Reports will remain unchanged . 
Other active stocks included Jaguar , whose American depositary receipts added 1\/8 to 11 1\/4 . 
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing . 
`` They were willing to mistreat us because we had n't shown any moxie , any resistance , '' says William Queenan , a DC-10 pilot and 14-year Federal veteran . 
Net income : 21 cents a share vs. net loss of $ 4.11 a share 
Litigation Sciences does n't make moral distinctions . 
Policy statement P-5-39 sets out terms . 
The closed branches , in San Francisco , Hayward , Santa Clara and Santa Cruz , sustained structural damage . 
No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op . 
The filing also said certain provisions which apply to persons acquiring 20 % or more of Intelogic common stock , were waived by Intelogic for Mr. Edelman , who is chairman of the company . 
Kodak says its new CCD HDTV converter will help alleviate the problem by allowing programmers and broadcasters to convert movies and television programs shot in 35mm motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 and was designed to protect the company from takeover . 
California legislators , searching for ways to pay for the $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in damages from last week 's earthquake , are laying the groundwork for a temporary increase in the state 's sales tax . 
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
The calculations generally rely on an after-tax rate of return of 8 % annually -- a rate historically obtainable by the individual in only one place , the stock market . 
If Sex Is Involved , All Bets Are Off 
Mr. Pilson emphasizes the ancillary benefits of positive press , contented affiliate stations , enthusiastic advertisers and huge audiences that might stick around to watch other CBS programs when the game is over . 
There are , according to several securities commissioners , at least 16 states that are either close to settlements with Drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
`` We 're not interested in promoting every single product that comes along , '' Mr. Shore says . 
President Bush does n't have any provision in mind , but line-item-veto bait will be like earthworms at midnight in the coming Continuing Resolution . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
United Technologies Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million unsubordinated non-convertible unsecured debt securities . 
Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity . 
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more . 
The administration says the measures would stem rampant property speculation , free more land for the government 's ambitious housing-construction program , designed to build two million apartments by 1992 -- and , perhaps , boost the popular standing of President Roh . 
Banc One said `` it is contemplated '' that John B. McCoy , chairman and chief executive officer , will assume the additional position of president upon Mr. McKinney 's retirement . 
A bid against Paribas could n't be ruled out . 
The fast-food business is `` intensely competitive , '' notes Wertheim Schroder analyst John Rohs . 
The government ran a deficit of $ 6.16 billion in September , compared with a surplus of $ 10.17 billion in September 1988 . 
Now the 33-year-old housewife , whose husband earns a modest salary as an assistant professor of economics , is saving harder than ever . 
WELLS FARGO & CO. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 4.9 billion , NYSE , minor damage at headquarters , 12 branches out of 170 in Northern California sustained structural damage that will preclude them from opening in the near future , 45 locations with at least one automatic teller machine inoperable , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
Ford said the term on its warranty is already six years or 60,000 miles . 
The State Department says that any Khmer Rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . '' 
Most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome wit . 
Also , maintaining current demand assumes no significant slowdown in world economies . 
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car . 
Leaseway provides transportation services for manufacturers , distributors and retailers . 
The declines were particularly pronounced in the Northeast and in the South , where Hurricane Hugo was a factor . 
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose . 
Legislators are talking about temporary rises in sales or gasoline taxes , although Gov. Deukmejian says they should be a last resort . 
There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before crossing the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge . 
When it made the offer , StatesWest declined to disclose details and asked Mesa to do the same . 
The increase was spread fairly evenly among all three types of funds . 
The new data underscored the severity of the nation 's health-care cost problem . 
The two producers own a combined 28 % stake in Guber-Peters . 
LIN , which has agreed with BellSouth Corp. to merge their cellular-telephone businesses , said then that it would n't take a position on McCaw 's revised tender offer . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment that President Bush sought to protect the U.S. flag from desecration . 
Mr. Peters , a LaSalle Street legend among the post-World War II generation of commodity traders , was rumored to have amassed a multimillion-dollar fortune from commodity trading and other activities by the time he died in May . 
The government predicts that annual outflows will level off over the next few years at as much as 60,000 -- a projection that is widely regarded as unrealistically low . 
A year at Harvard now goes for $ 19,395 . 
Indeed , Mr. Phelan said that if stock-market volatility persists , the U.S. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital . 
The powerful Democrat had first wanted to add language relaxing environmental restrictions on two mills on the Hamakua coast that are threatening to close . 
Universities , however , say Next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
Three years ago , the Internal Revenue Service 's office in San Jose , Calif. , opened its doors to on-site massage . 
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them . 
Mr. Cano is president of El Espectador , a newspaper founded by his grandfather . 
When I was just a child And confronted by my fears , The things that I thought would get me Had fangs and pointed ears . 
The timing for change was right . 
Both have become confidants of President Bush . 
During 1976 to 1979 , other former Franklin officials either pleaded guilty to or were found guilty of violations including phony transactions to hide the bank 's losses . 
Mr. Stein said he expects profit to be higher in 1990 than in 1989 , reflecting a number of measures taken since the acquisition of Ekco Housewares in late 1987 . 
`` But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids . '' 
And the relationship between Qintex Entertainment and the Australian company appears to be quickly deteriorating . 
It took effect after seven years of bitter debate between the Securities and Exchange Commission and traders and exchanges . 
The equity kicker is not attached to the offering , but underwriters said it will be offered after a filing for 68,548 common shares of CNW Holdings is declared effective by the Securities & Exchange Commission . 
However , Mr. Lee said that USI Far East is confident other investors will take up the slack . 
Why would I consider giving up Fox , a proven commodity , '' for an unknown venture ? 
Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped-for television news career , according to her lawyer . 
In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said . 
The Peasants can make a credible case , against Solidarity , that hell-bent reform will drive millions from the land . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
Program traders were buying and selling at full steam Monday , the first trading session after the stock market 's 190.58-point plunge Friday . 
Other market-maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . 
Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity . 
But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses . 
A separate inquiry by Chemical cleared Mr. Edelson of allegations that he had been lavishly entertained by a New York money broker . 
Deutsche Bank AG , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union , is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies . 
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men . 
`` The sell-off would probably have been worse if the dollar had been strong , '' he said . 
The calls reached many , but certainly not all , of the publicly held companies with operations in the area . 
Nippon Signal Co . ( Japan ) -- 80 million marks of bonds with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/2 % coupon , due Nov. 9 , 1994 , and priced at par , via Commerzbank . 
Where 's this huge amount of investment capital coming from ? 
Labor costs climbed 1.2 % in private industry during the third quarter , matching the second-quarter rise . 
Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million from $ 7 million . 
Wright 's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among `` la-la activists . '' 
This is not nearly good enough . 
For the first eight months of 1989 , thrifts ' withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 44.5 billion . 
The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest . 
`` We are expecting a recession , '' says Donald Franklin , chief economist at Schroders investment bank . 
It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that I am responding to Mr. Asman 's opinions of their country . 
Construction is set to begin in early 1991 . 
The Tax Court did n't believe that the Rubins , who earned $ 65,619 in their regular jobs , treated the sideline as a real business and derived `` merely incidental elements of recreation and other personal pleasure and benefits '' from it . 
Longtime Hollywood associates describe Mr. Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing . 
Sales rose 18 % in the fiscal fourth quarter to $ 364.1 million from $ 307.9 million on the strength in semiconductors and other products . 
`` The interest-rate sensitives are n't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the ( Federal Reserve ) will do , '' Mr. Jennison said . 
While tens of thousands of software packages using the IBM standard are available in the U.S. , they say only about 8,000 are written for NEC . 
He declined to elaborate . 
Suddenly , I am not a comfortable man for Solidarity . 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
The issue of seeking relief from Congress was raised to Delbert Staley , the chairman of Nynex . 
Plans for the auction , which was supposed to take place last spring and become a regular event , have been thwarted by a lack of hard currency . 
Most of us know a sucker . 
Bay Financial , which said it may be forced to file under Chapter 11 if it ca n't reach an agreement with its lenders to relieve its debt burden , plunged 1 3\/8 to 2 1\/8 . 
The transaction is expected to close around year end . 
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers . 
Money is n't the only reason for the shift in practice preferences . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the GOP proposal , said he intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit . 
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto\/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year . 
The safety board will begin four days of hearings on the accident tomorrow in Sioux City . 
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap . 
`` It 's very costly and time-consuming , '' says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company . 
But some economists and government officials here are n't applauding . 
The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds . 
But Pfizer Inc. , based in New York , reported flat earnings . 
The Justice Department is in the process of trying to gain control over a law that federal Judge David Sentelle recently called a `` monster . '' 
`` They 're maintaining their attitude toward investing , which has leaned toward the conservative recently . '' 
In August , the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard . 
Carbide , like other companies with a heavy reliance on the so-called commodity end of the chemicals industry , was expected to post earnings sharply lower than in an exceptionally strong 1988 third quarter . 
Average daily trading volume : 344,354 shares 
He says he has n't yet studied the Dellums bill , but that requiring a beeping tone on recorders `` would be ludicrous . '' 
Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants . 
The group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers . 
No doubt , Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence . 
Marlin Fitzwater , White House press secretary , also asserted that Mr. Agnos had failed to return telephone calls from John Sununu , White House chief of staff . 
However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier . 
The accusations of lying and duplicity are flying thick and fast on both sides : As one Sony executive puts it , `` It 's World War III . '' 
It has to be engineered over and over again , month after month . 
Mr. Hastings was appointed to the federal bench by President Carter in 1979 and was one of the few black federal judges in the country . 
But Polish agriculture does possess one great asset already : the private farmer . 
Imports , then six million barrels a day , came primarily from Venezuela and Canada . 
They question if Drexel is getting easier treatment than the many small penny-stock firms whose brokerage licenses are routinely revoked . 
Some people call it `` The Mistake on the Lake '' -- Lake Erie , that is . 
1 . To some extent the Federal Reserve shared the popular but incorrect view that expansionary monetary policy could yield a net improvement in employment and output . 
`` I do n't think you 'll find I 'm making a radical change in my traditional investment style , '' Mr. Steinhardt says . 
At the time , the Dow Jones Industrial Average stood at about 2200 . 
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . '' 
It 's understood that MGM\/UA recently contacted Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , which made two failed bids for the movie studio , to see if the company was still interested . 
Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 456.2 million from $ 422 million . 
In a sharply written letter , Rep. David Obey , chairman of the House appropriations subcommittee for foreign operations , warned Mr. Bush that the result of his `` ultimatum '' could weaken efforts to accommodate the administration elsewhere . 
Petroleum products prices also declined . 
The poverty threshold , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the Agricultural Department , last year was $ 12,092 for a family of four . 
And what about insurance firms ? 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
But some attorneys who are familiar with the matter said the $ 6.5 million payment will be shared by Bally and Mr. Trump , with the casino and hotel concern probably paying the bulk of the money . 
When President Corazon Aquino , whose command of Filipino is spotty , announced last year that the language would be used in official communications , there was an uproar from many legislators , who continue to conduct debates mostly in English . 
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers . 
The capability utilization rate is a calculation designed to indicate at what percent of its production capability the industry is operating in a given week . 
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) . 
But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied . 
Bankers Trust `` has had the capacity to do this for some time , '' the analyst said . 
After the HUD and S&L stories broke , some Congressmen began to worry that their influence peddling at executive-branch and independent agencies might some day get them in trouble . 
Last year , Pennsylvania Supreme Court Justice John P. Flaherty called Mr. O'Kicki one of the finest judges `` not only in Pennsylvania but in the United States . '' 
Microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems . 
General Motors Corp. has signaled that as many as five of its U.S. and Canadian plants may not survive the mid-1990s as it struggles to trim its excess vehicle-production capacity . 
Many analysts expect Mr. Andersson , who owns 1.7 % of the company , to be named Trelleborg 's new chairman when Ernst Herslow steps down next year . 
`` Nobody was expecting this size of a loss , '' said Paul Karos , an analyst with First Boston Corp . 
In the quarterly report , Arthur Ochs Sulzberger , New York Times Co. chairman and chief executive officer , said negative factors affecting third-quarter earnings will continue . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Johnson & Johnson shares fell 37.5 cents to $ 54.625 . 
Previously , he noted , gold producers tended to back off from a rising gold market , letting prices rise as much as possible before selling . 
Abortion-rights advocates won last week 's battles , but the war over the nation 's most-contentious social question is about to pick up again on turf that favors those seeking to restrict abortions . 
Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely . 
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University 
So Mr. Moon is in retreat , refocusing on the Far East . 
John Markese , director of research for the American Association of Individual Investors , raises a cautionary note . 
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening . 
Anglo American Corp. of South Africa Ltd. said the third-quarter combined profit of its six gold mines dropped 8.5 % from the previous quarter . 
The offer from IMA Acquisition Corp. , for as many as 63 million shares , is set to expire Wednesday . 
So far , says Mr. Cane , most calls have involved landlord-tenant problems , tax problems , divorce , and probate questions . 
It is merely the most obvious . 
The company also said it will adopt new accounting standards in the first quarter . 
George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , says that individuals have a particular edge now in `` small to medium-size niche companies with exciting earnings prospects '' -- a traditional stomping ground for small investors . 
THE BIG BOARD PLANS to launch its own vehicle for program trading today amid growing controversy over the practice . 
Stanley Rose , a vice president , technological and strategic planning at Bankers Trust , says that despite Digital 's low prices , `` we are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine . 
`` For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show . 
Sotheby 's made the $ 100 million guarantee to keep the Dorrance collection away from its archrival , auction house Christie 's International PLC ; Christie 's has handled smaller sales for the Dorrance family over the years . 
In 1987 , prosecutors filed against 35 defendants for every 100,000 adults . 
Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations . 
The rise came a day after the year 's biggest drop on Monday , when the Nikkei fell 647.33 , or 1.8 % , in response to Friday 's 6.9 % plunge on Wall Street . 
But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials , coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies . 
Tomorrow , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
`` I think the ship is now righted , the bilges are pumped and we are on course , '' Mr. Hutchinson said of the restructuring program . 
Meanwhile , investors turned a cold shoulder to the Treasury 's sale of $ 10 billion of new two-year notes yesterday . 
That would hold spending on the program at about the previous year 's level . 
Its valuation methodologies , she said , `` are recognized as some of the best on the Street . 
The media , she says , have distorted his personal life . 
However , the thought of a living player selling his checks rubs some people the wrong way . 
Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc . 
Poland 's 2.7 million small private farms cover 76 % of its arable land . 
And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high . 
When the swaying of the building woke me up , I reasoned that a ) I was in Southern California ; b ) the bed was moving ; c ) it must be a Magic Fingers bed that had short-circuited . 
Aetna and other insurers are hiring engineers and architects to help them assess structural damage . 
Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner ( and writer\/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello ) have revved this show up to the breaking point . 
Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old . 
Because the carrier is still pledging to do that , some committee members successfully argued that there 's little reason yet to explore a different plan , according to one person familiar with the creditors ' position . 
Because of Leche Fresca 's success , he says , the joint venture is developing other dairy products tailored to Hispanic tastes . 
The approval , which had been expected , permits West Germany 's second-largest bank to acquire shares of the French investment bank . 
In return , Mr. Craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing payola probe , says a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . 
And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen . 
Yet he is also firmly bound by his hard-line rhetoric and promises he made to anti-abortion activists during his long pursuit of the White House . 
The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers . 
Net loss : $ 100.2 million ; $ 1.90 a share 
Net income surged 21 % to 55.59 billion yen from 46.02 billion yen . 
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads . 
Money is n't the only thing that makes her dump once favorite brands . 
Mr. Utsumi also said some Japanese banks were willing to participate in the UAL financing up to the very end , which would suggest at the very least that they were n't under orders to back out . 
A federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of Federal Trade Commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of rivets . 
Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment . 
Mr. Downey 's previous show , a one-hour shout fest , syndciated by MCA Inc. and produced by Quantum Media Inc. , was canceled in July after advertisers and stations abandoned it . 
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
`` I think so . 
Thirty-four thousand of its children live in foster homes , while 50,000 residents have no homes at all . 
American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit said it ceased all index-arbitrage program trading for client accounts . 
If these assumptions hold , voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner 's dilemma and have an incentive , at the margin , to lean Democratic . 
Amtrak said it suspended train service into its Oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake . 
As reported , PaineWebber bought shares Tuesday as part of a customer strategy shift , although the broker 's client was said then to have been Japanese . 
For several months , officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight . 
In other words , Congress wo n't let the CIA do much of anything anymore , and that 's fine with the CIA . 
While it is still too early to tell whether the dearth of takeover activity is only temporary , many lawyers say their firms are bracing for lower revenue from merger work , which has been so lucrative in the past . 
Net premiums written through Sept. 30 fell 5 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 2.2 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said . 
The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson , and Bill Alton as Father Jenco , but the network has some big names to contend with , too . 
Pittston continues to hire replacement workers , the company said . 
`` There 's no reason to believe that juries rule inappropriately , '' he says . 
Yeah . 
But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs . 
The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail and no bite to their tongue or pen . 
Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago . 
The suits relate to a $ 200 million loss , disclosed in December , that was suffered by West Virginia 's consolidated investment pool . 
CMS Enhancements Inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 30 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period . 
The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona . 
They note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the slightest bad news from the stock exchange . 
Ben earns any fees sent directly to charity and is taxable on them , the IRS says ; of course , he also may take a charitable deduction for them . 
Cautious investors should generally go with stocks that have low betas . 
In 1984 , the Congress ( I ) captured 405 seats , the largest victory in the history of Indian democracy . 
This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed . 
Francis Dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars ( US$ 1.1 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange and the International Petroleum Exchange . 
But other than a few slaps on the wrist , Gen. Noriega went unpunished by that body , too ; he was not even singled out in the closing statement . 
The two-part issue consists of $ 200 million of senior subordinated reset notes maturing in 1997 and $ 150 million of subordinated floating rate notes also maturing in 1997 . 
Varity Corp. led the Big Board list of largest short volumes with 12,822,563 shares . 
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 110.4 million from $ 105.4 million . 
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
In his statement , Mr. Skase said preliminary accounts showed that group profit before interest , tax and depreciation `` will exceed A$ 170 million . '' 
The facility will be marketed toward families , and room rates will be between $ 35 and $ 55 a night , MGM Grand said . 
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
One San Francisco neighborhood likely to test Mr. Rosen 's theory soon is the city 's fashionable Marina district , which boasts some of the highest home prices in the state . 
The new institution is also called Century Bank , and the failed bank 's five offices will reopen today . 
`` It 's evident we 're entering a more competitive era , '' he says . 
In the TVS statement , Mr. Price said `` leaving MTM was a very difficult decision , '' but added that `` it is now time for a change ... . '' 
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland . 
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice . 
Lloyd 's vast trading hall houses a warren of well-polished desks . 
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa . 
The improved tone in the municipal market , largely an offshoot of the New York City sale 's reception , helped municipal futures rebound from early lows , but the spread between the contract and Tbond futures continued to grow more negative . 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
If start-ups ca n't have early access to research being conducted at institutions , `` we have to replicate it ourselves or do without the research , '' says Ruth Emyanitoff , manager of business development at Applied bioTechnology Inc. , a Cambridge , Mass. , concern . 
He notes that some `` revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit '' being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing . 
The Allianz statement also reinforced the belief that the takeover battle could be a long one . 
In its home market , Nissan has grabbed attention with limited-production minicars featuring styling odd enough to be cute . 
Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in economic aid and food grants for Poland 's new government , but has been chided by Democrats for failing to do more . 
Goya Concocts a Milk For Hispanic Tastes 
Mr. Ohmae is managing director of McKinsey & Co. in Japan . 
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s . 
The company said it expects the name change to take effect within a week . 
When the mining in front of the wall is complete , it is moved northward . 
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . '' 
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading . 
`` It impresses on ordinary , young Filipinos that there 's nothing to feel inferior about in using their own language , '' says Randy David , a sociologist and host of a popular television talk show . 
That 's the word expected to be on the lips of the more than 3,000 developers , pension-fund advisers and real estate financiers slated to attend a four-day conference , beginning here today , sponsored by the Urban Land Institute . 
Excluding the gain , P&G 's earnings were close to analysts ' predictions of about $ 1.40 a share for the quarter . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 57.125 a share , up $ 3.125 . 
The average yield there on six-month issues is 8.32 % . 
Unlike his predecessor , who saw steel as America 's backbone , Mr. Corry tends to view it as a capital-draining and labor-intensive business with limited potential , associates say . 
`` We 're encouraging a graceful transition , '' says Mary Kay Poppenberg , the organization 's president . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
Qintex Australia is a unit of Qintex Ltd . 
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral . 
Swedish National Radio reports that about $ 40 million -- nearly 3 % of the total contract -- was paid by Bofors as commissions to middlemen . 
According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month . 
`` It 's very important that we exude confidence , even though within the family we know there 's a lot of hard work ahead , '' said Richard Miller , the Lowell , Mass. , computer concern 's new president , in a video message to salespeople a month after he took over . 
The new chip plants `` wo n't be excessive investment , '' says Hajime Sasaki , an NEC vice president . 
Over time , the odds increasingly favor the investor with a diversified portfolio . 
As at the Zurich bank , the minimum investment for individuals will be high : about a million German marks ( $ 538,000 ) , three times what many other West German investment banks require . 
He was co-chairman of Mr. Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for Mr. Bush in the 1980 election . 
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude . 
The researchers reported they have been able to pluck the five genes that produced the toxin out of the pertussis bacterium . 
VARIAN ASSOCIATES INC. , Palo Alto , instrumentation and semiconductor equipment company , annual sales of $ 1.3 billion , had only minor damage and no slowdowns were anticipated . 
Uniroyal has 2,600 employees and facilities in the U.S. , Canada , Brazil , Italy and Taiwan . 
As a former White House aide who worked closely with Congress , he is savvy in the ways of Washington . 
In the third quarter , the company , which is 61%-owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago . 
Philip Morris Cos. is launching a massive corporate advertising campaign that will put the tobacco giant 's name in TV commercials for the first time since the early 1950s , when it stopped advertising its namesake cigarette brand on television . 
She 's trying to sell a $ 150 exercise bike she bought about five years ago for her roommate . 
The county at the end of 1988 had 307,000 jobs , 95,400 of them in the tourist industry . 
Could n't we save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves ? 
Stocks retreated to session lows just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying . 
Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer , they single out high-income groups , looking primarily for people who have n't filed New York income-tax returns . 
11:54 p.m . 
The study covered 11 major U.S. attorneys ' offices -- including those in Manhattan and Brooklyn , N.Y. , and New Jersey -- from 1980 to 1987 . 
PRODUCTS DON'T have to be first to be winners . 
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
GNP is the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services . 
The competition gives the seller the ability to cut a better deal , '' he says . 
CMS management said Thursday that they planned to recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met Friday . 
Mr. Auvil sees Fujis , in part , as striking a blow against the perversion of U.S. apples by supermarkets . 
Perhaps Mr. Reagan , who claimed that air pollution is caused by trees , is the man you should be quoting to back up your position that economics is more important than the Earth . 
Jonathan H. Kress , the son of the painting 's former owner , Mrs. Rush Kress , dismisses the price talk as `` sour grapes . '' 
Real good , '' says 39-year-old Pete Broberg , working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp . 
The use of the abominable construction practices in the Soviet Union -- as evidenced by the collapse of sand apartment blocks during the Armenian earthquake -- as a metaphor for the U.S. economic system was a sublime example of Mr. Cockburn 's satirical muse . 
Writes Bilanz : `` No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast ... 
The stock market 's decline , coming after a record weekly gain of 119.88 points , surprised some investors . 
`` I do n't want to be in a position to have to sell , '' Mr. Frabotta says . 
However , the French merchant has about 200,000 tons of old crop Ivory Coast cocoa stored in the Netherlands from an agreement it had negotiated with the Ivory Coast last spring . 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
In composite trading Wednesday on the New York Stock Exchange , Financial Corp. closed at $ 1.125 , unchanged . 
Rally 's had no comment , but was expected to make an announcement this morning about the situation . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 17.8 million in cash and $ 10 million in senior notes . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns Chairman and Chief Executive Alan C. Greenberg said his firm will continue stock-index arbitrage for its clients . 
And it works best in high-powered personal computers . 
New York-based Chase Manhattan Corp. took an $ 85 million Arizona-related charge . 
U.S. . AND BRITISH LAW FIRMS announce rare joint venture in Tokyo . 
It is setting up a special team in charge of international markets and training workers to do business abroad . 
Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said . 
Actually there is a consensus somewhere on sanctions : In May a Gallup Poll found that most South African blacks , 85 % , oppose economic sanctions . 
East German leader Krenz arrived in Moscow for talks today with Gorbachev on restructuring proposals . 
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs . 
Since stock market indexes plummeted last Friday , participants in all markets have been wary . 
Lynn Staley , the Globe 's assistant managing editor for design , acknowledges that the visages were `` on the low end of the likeness spectrum . '' 
The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million . 
Glasnost may be partly responsible , but Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze last year admitted , `` The exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to UNESCO . '' 
Integrated Resources said talks have ended with another potential buyer of its core businesses . 
Neither side showed any sign of retreating . 
In some companies middle managers sneak massage therapists into the office , fearful that upper-level executives wo n't approve . 
The reductions should be complete by the end of the year , a spokesman said , adding that the exact number to be cut has n't been determined . 
Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement . 
`` The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , '' he says . 
However , unlike a buy-stop order , a buy market-if-touched order is entered at a price below the current price , while a sell market-if-touched order is entered at a price above it . 
Fears that Ford 's ardor might be cooling put Jaguar shares into reverse after GM confirmed its friendly negotiations with Jaguar . 
Imports rose 11 % to 18.443 trillion lire in September from a year earlier , while exports rose 17 % to 16.436 trillion lire . 
His election increases Ryder 's board to 14 members . 
The latest report compares with a modest 9.9 % increase in July machinery orders from a year earlier . 
But like other real estate professionals accustomed to California 's quake risks , Mr. Leventhal anticipates little long-term change in the city 's commercial real estate market . 
The retailer said the securities are expected to be rated triple-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. and Aaa by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
DEC shares rose $ 1.375 to $ 89.75 apiece in consolidated New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
The expiration date had been Nov. 3 . 
One way to make the ruble into a major international currency would be to leave reserves of gold and earning assets in a Swiss bank with distributions based on Swiss laws . 
Of like , though lesser , note , Secretary of State James Baker put the administration four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev , in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so . 
President Bush should take the Constitution in one hand and a budget ax in the other and get to work . 
Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed . 
`` They do n't have the votes to get it passed . '' 
Eight people , including a supervisor of Security Pacific National Bank 's central vault , were arrested in an investigation of an alleged drug money-laundering operation . 
Mr. Icahn , the company 's deep-pocketed , tenacious adversary , recently disclosed that he had raised his USX stake to 13.1 % , and he again threatened a takeover . 
Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed . 
It 's like saying , `` get me in now '' or `` get me out now . '' 
`` There are too many people participating , '' says Al Ries , of Trout & Ries , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing consulting firm . 
Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment . 
Moody 's said its rating changes actions `` reflect CS First Boston 's aggressive merchant banking risk as well as the risk profile of its current merchant banking exposures . '' 
And the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 18 1\/2 % . 
The proposed petrochemical plant would use naphtha to manufacture the petrochemicals propylene and ethylene and their resin derivatives , polypropylene and polyethylene . 
The portfolio unit of the French bank group Credit Lyonnais told stock market regulators that it bought 43,000 shares of Cie. de Navigation Mixte , apparently to help fend off an unwelcome takeover bid for the company . 
But media-stock analyst Richard J. MacDonald of MacDonald Grippo Riely says Wall Street wo n't take kindly to that . 
Names are resigning at an even faster pace this year . 
The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation , which bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt , increased 11 % in fiscal 1989 to $ 926.1 million from $ 833.6 million . 
Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments , meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack . 
But attendance is down from previous years . 
An established brand name is insurance that at least the product will be of acceptable quality , if not always the best value for the money . 
In a 1961 incident , a Soviet mail plane disappeared off the radar screen just after radioing its position to ground control in Sverdlovsk . 
Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years . 
Separately , the hotel and gambling giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt . 
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment . '' 
The subject will be written into the plots of prime-time shows , and viewers will be given a 900 number to call . 
There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players and a low-level female university employee . 
`` The question remains : how much can the West German market absorb ? '' says one senior dealer . 
After receiving complaints from egg producers , this branch got the other branch to rescind its approval , thus limiting the machine 's potential market to bakeries and restaurants and other establishments that are n't regulated by the USDA . 
It achieved a good media play , and enabled Sen. Specter and others to vote against Mr. Bork out of `` conscience . '' 
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry . 
And some people do think that acting out scripts is n't worthy of CBS News , which once lent prestige to the network and set standards for the industry . 
In the third quarter last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million . 
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties . '' 
The British government currently forbids any outside investor from holding more than 15 % of the company 's shares without permission until Dec. 31 , 
Dark hints would be raised that parts of the administration hope Mr. Gorbachev would fail , just as they were when Vice President Quayle voiced similar sentiments . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and triple-B by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
`` The coin is their problem . '' 
Hiroshima 's waterworks bureau said the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen ( $ 77,500 ) for the project . 
But he is n't worried . 
And , all the while , Panama 's debt problems continued to grow . 
Revenues climbed 18 % to $ 289 million from $ 245.3 million . 
`` They are preparing the workers for what 's coming : foreign control , '' wrote Heberto Castillo , a leftist leader . 
My attitude is : Let 's come out of the closet . '' 
The staff brags about psyllium 's hefty contribution to American regularity , without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol . 
`` We 're confident that it protects our route structure , '' he says , `` and our ability to grow and prosper . 
But once that factor was eliminated , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , Mr. Barakat said . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5920 , up from $ 1.5753 late Tuesday . 
The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world . 
At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million . 
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . '' 
Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd . 
`` I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers , '' President Mitterrand said after the meeting in Valladolid , Spain . 
They have sent a letter to congressional tax-writers asking that gains from the sale of collectibles also be given preferential treatment . 
The consultants had been working to finish a report this week . 
First , he suggests , GPA Group Ltd. , the international aircraft leasing company based in Ireland , could lease some of its Boeing jetliners to the Soviet airline . 
Further investigation , he said , may result in further actions against Lincoln 's executives , said Mr. Seidman , `` including fraud actions . '' 
Sales jumped 12.2 % to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen . 
The Orange Workers speak sincerely . 
Monday 's losers included railway , electric-utility and high-technology issues . 
As part of his image polishing , Mr. Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and reassert the party 's authority . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. is the underwriter . 
The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
`` We do n't have passive readers . '' 
The firm has made 17 previous shifts from one type of asset to another in its 10-year history . 
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par . 
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible . 
None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown 's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative . 
It 's a good strategy in a rising market , where a 25 % leveraged portfolio in effect allows investors to have 125 % of their money working for them . 
As part of the drive , the first 50,000 viewers who put up # 10 each will get a package valued at # 170 -- including a satellite receiving dish , equipment installation and a three-month subscription to its pay-movie service . 
`` These people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person tick , '' says Kent Neal , chief of the economic-crime unit of the Broward County State Attorney 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , a major haven for boiler rooms . 
The move reflected the growing confidence of the revamped Supreme Soviet . 
But if I feel that there are situations where I 'm trying to get housing for our area -- whatever it happens to be -- and I have to feel that I ca n't even ask a question , I 've got to tell you , I think that 's outrageous . . 
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc . 
The suit seeks `` in excess of $ 350,000 in damages . '' 
Craig Tillery , an Alaska assistant attorney general , said in an interview last night that Exxon 's accusations `` are not new . 
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets . 
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' 
The New Jersey paper , like the New Haven , Conn. , paper , was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract . 
Utilities management is a major commercial niche . 
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987 , it appealed to a more multinational audience . 
Texaco 's exploration and production earnings improved as a result of its streamlining of those operations as it sold many of its marginal producing properties over the past 18 months . 
Delmed said Robert S. Ehrlich resigned as chairman , president and chief executive . 
Directed Technologies received a $ 28.3 million Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency contract for advanced propulsion systems research . 
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis . 
`` General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods . 
When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed . 
Odds and Ends 
These A 's , however , got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card . 
BellSouth 's revised proposal surprised many industry analysts , especially because of the company 's willingness to accept some dilution of future earnings . 
She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes `` incredible . 
The names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote . 
But the move lagged a stronger rise in New York Stock Exchange issues . 
He then made most of the changes , pilots say . 
Akzo 's biggest move in this area was the 1987 acquisition of Stauffer Chemical Co. 's specialty chemical business for $ 625 million . 
When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975 , industry was far ahead . 
And just as we did not believe the tendentious claims of the Congressmen and arms-control advocates who visited Krasnoyarsk , we are in no way persuaded by the assent to the tainted-meat theory by a U.S. team of scientists who met with Soviet counterparts in Washington last year . 
Rex Tremendae 
That would help reduce Santa Fe Pacific 's remaining debt to about $ 600 million from a high of $ 3.7 billion in early 1988 . 
Even before the China crisis , weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth . 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 100 29\/32 to yield 8.03 % , compared with 100 28\/32 to yield 8.04 % Tuesday . 
In addition , McCall 's put in a less than stellar performance . 
Net sales for the units for the fiscal year ended June 30 were $ 135.6 million . 
`` And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters . 
The proposals go far beyond the current and rather confused policies of perestroika , Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy . 
The White House said Ms. Hesse , a Chicago businesswoman who previously held posts at the Energy Department and FERC , is leaving to become a vice president of First Chicago Corp . 
The increased demand would normalize trading and stabilize prices . 
Adults under age 30 like sports cars , luxury cars , convertibles and imports far more than their elders do . 
Christopher Cox 's Oct. 13 editorial-page article `` Toward More Crippling Lawsuits ... '' misses the point . 
`` You do n't own anything , '' says Stephen Boesel , a money manager for T. Rowe Price in Baltimore . 
Glenn Cox , Phillips ' president and chief operating officer , and other Phillips officials flew from Bartlesville to assess the damage and determine the cause of the afternoon explosions . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. has sold $ 25 million of assets and reached agreements in principle to sell an additional $ 187 million shortly , Richard Miller , president , said at the annual meeting . 
The Minneapolis-based retailer said it expects to pay for the seven million shares next Thursday . 
The managers do n't expect to complete the evaluation until Nov. 30 . 
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges . 
This recommendation might have encouraged a turf-hungry bureaucrat to try to expand his power , but so far Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan has n't made a pitch for the job . 
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 . 
Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights , but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity . 
This means Interior contacts can not be logged only on one day -- a Sunday that had already passed . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Bishop is based in Hutchinson , Kansas . 
But sophistication has its limits . 
The company said in a statement that it expects to ship new products `` during the next two quarters . '' 
Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 
And more recently , he insisted on signing a five-nation agreement intended to disarm Nicaragua 's U.S.-backed Contra rebels faster than the Bush administration would prefer . 
Britain 's U.N. representative and delegation head Crispin Tickell called the first meeting `` good , interesting and businesslike . 
That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock . 
Northgate said it will own about 50 % of the equity and 81 % of the votes of ABM after the amalgamation . 
The dividend represents the balance of its regular quarterly payout of 10 cents a share , of which half was paid July 17 in a final distribution prior to its merger with B.B. Real Estate Investment Corp. , also in July . 
The investment will be made through IBM Australia Ltd. , a unit of IBM , the two companies said yesterday . 
After the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees , two big bank creditors , Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki , resumed lending the shipyard working capital . 
The official Xinhua News Agency said the municipal government was discussing a draft bill to give the capital its first anti-prostitution statutes . 
Many economists see even slower GNP growth for the remainder of the year , with some leaning more strongly toward a possible recession . 
`` An unknown quantity to most of the art world , Paul is no stranger to lavish spending , '' the magazine said , noting that he does n't stop at paint on canvas but also spends big on art you can eat . 
`` If you want the presidency of the company , this is n't the firm to work for , '' says James Mogan , 45 , who was named senior vice president of sales , assuming some of the responsibilities of Mr. Lesk . 
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters . 
September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology . 
But their value as investments can be decimated by inflation , which erodes the purchasing power of bonds ' fixed-dollar interest payments . 
`` Taste has finally come to the fore , '' he says . 
Alan McKim , chief executive officer of Clean Harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's praise of Clean Harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
Never mind . 
But Mr. Schwarz welcomes the competition in U.S. Trust 's flagship businesses , calling it `` flattery . '' 
-- Give the EPA added discretion to set `` negligible risk '' levels for pesticide residues in processed food . 
The Nasdaq 100 rose 7.08 to 445.23 . 
Vitro said the definitive agreements require that Anchor obtain a waiver from its bank lenders of existing covenant defaults under its bank facilities . 
Crime was the reason that 26 % reported difficulty recruiting personnel and that 19 % said they were considering moving . 
Prices of other paper makers rose sharply , although Georgia-Pacific fell $ 2.50 a share , to $ 50.875 . 
But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association . 
At the time 71%-controlled by Oy Waertsilae , a conglomerate , the shipbuilding unit faced potential losses estimated at one billion markka and was on the brink of liquidation . 
While his public statements have at times been confusing , Mr. Dinkins 's position papers have more consistently reflected anti-development sentiment . 
Warner described as `` nonsense '' yesterday Sony 's assertions in prior court filings that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters could in theory run Columbia while still fulfilling their contract to produce movies for Warner . 
Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units . 
Bankruptcy experts said the law is n't clear on how such an arbitration ruling can affect a company 's case . 
He would discover it also in Alexander Bickel , a subtle constitutional scholar , Mr. Bork 's closest friend at Yale , whose influence on the judge goes well beyond Mr. Bronner 's reporting . 
The drug , called adenocard , returns the heart to a normal rhythm within seconds , according to Lyphomed . 
But so far , Mr. Paul and his advisers are holding fast . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
Reuben Mark , chief executive of Colgate-Palmolive , said advertisers lack detailed demographic and geographic breakdowns of magazines ' audiences . 
`` Why anyone would want to close themselves off { from direct mail } , a priori , does n't make any sense , '' says Michael Bronner of Bronner Slosberg Associates , a Boston directmail firm . 
Contel is a $ 6 billion telephone and electronics company . 
More than half of the `` newly found '' net exports were from just a few service-sector categories . 
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` setup '' charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of `` surrender fees '' for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. 's unsolicited $ 3.19 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. was hailed by Wall Street despite a cool reception by the target company . 
While IBM has traditionally dominated the market for computers on the business side of manufacturing operations and has done well in the market for design tools , Digital has dominated computerized manufacturing . 
He also noted that the Japanese , who had been buying at prices just above the $ 1.25 level , apparently pulled back from the market on Friday . 
Meanwhile , Japanese bankers said they were still hesitant about accepting Citicorp 's latest proposal . 
`` People were n't so happy in the 1930s , '' says Thomas Lessner , another local professor and the biographer of the legendary Fiorello LaGuardia , the city 's fusion mayor who built a coalition Mr. Giuliani hopes to emulate . 
The figures confirm that there certainly is n't any drilling boom . 
Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions . 
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp . 
The issue has been simmering for years . 
Saturday , Nov. 4 , 1:30-6 p.m. EST , on NBC : Breeder 's Cup Day . 
NBC has on previous occasions considered replacing cartoons with a Saturday version of `` Today , '' which is produced by NBC News . 
In fact , this is the best bargain available to someone traveling abroad . 
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management . 
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright . 
It `` is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15-day car supply does n't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one , '' a Chrysler spokesman said . 
Margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security . 
In the latest period , the company had an average of 370.8 million shares , 5.6 million shares below last year 's level . 
But the utility may not continue next year . 
The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company . 
Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine . 
The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft and five Cessna Citation II jets . 
No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it . 
Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue . 
BNL also said that its board had approved `` after an in-depth discussion , '' a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve controls on its foreign branches . 
The company , for its part , maintains that many of the disputed documents are privileged attorney-client communications that should n't be turned over to prosecutors . 
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes . 
Ben Lipps , president of Fresenius USA , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer . 
A group including ESL Partners Ltd. , a Fort Worth , Texas , investment partnership , and Richard E. Rainwater , a former adviser to the Fort Worth Bass family , said it reduced its stake in Anacomp Inc. to 3.6 % of the common shares outstanding . 
A New York Stock Exchange arbitration panel ordered Dean Witter to pay $ 404,294 in back bonuses to William Kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales . 
George W. Koch , 63 years old , president and chief executive officer of Grocery Manufacturers of America Inc. , was elected a director of this maker of spices , seasonings and specialty foods , succeeding Erskin N. White Jr. , 65 , who resigned . 
Oil prices initially rose on fears that the massive earthquake in Northern California would disrupt production . 
For the first time in nearly two years , BankAmerica results failed to improve in consecutive quarters , but the decline from the second quarter was attributable to special factors . 
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year . 
Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch . 
Disk drives , which allow a computer to access its memory , generated 38 % more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
Mr. Cohen said more than $ 2.8 million has been paid to 26 states and that Drexel still expects to pay out a total of $ 11.5 million . 
Graduate students are taking longer than ever to get their doctor of philosophy degrees , the National Research Council says . 
We suspect voters are fed up with the finagling . 
Overall , Saab-Scania 's pretax profit during the first eight months of the year plunged 48.9 % to 1 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 155.1 million ) from 1.96 billion kronor ( $ 303.9 million ) a year earlier . 
`` Stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes Robert Avery , an economist at Cornell University . 
British government restrictions prevent any single shareholder from going beyond 15 % before the end of 1990 without government permission . 
When used as background in this way , the music has an appropriate eeriness , as when a two-note phrase , a descending minor third , accompanies the seemingly endless litany of reports , interviews and confessions of witnesses in the Morris film . 
Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze , at a news conference in Moscow , said , `` As the two sides plan to hold a full-scale summit in late spring-early summer next year , they found it useful , I would say even necessary , to hold an interim informal meeting . '' 
In many cases , the lawsuit was filed long after the drug was used -- the cancer in the daughters was typically not detected for years -- and there is no way to prove which of several companies manufactured the doses consumed by certain women . 
The notes became burdensome when reset provisions allowed their interest rate to be raised to 19.25 % last June . 
As for the women , they 're pathetic . 
Those who are n't worried about how Japanese manufacturers ' investments will affect trade note that many new products are n't replacements for imports . 
EARNINGS : 
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % . 
The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange . 
The House Energy and Commerce Committee 's health subcommittee , headed by Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman of California , is looking into complaints that small businesses not only ca n't keep reasonably priced employee-health insurance if claims are filed , but often ca n't get coverage at all if a worker is termed medically uninsurable . 
RADIO : 
Metal racks on the plant floor fell over , and water mains ruptured , a spokeswoman says . 
The crimes may appear small , but the prices can be huge . 
`` If we do n't do something ... we wo n't be able to catch up with demand , '' says a Dentsu spokesman . 
For the political process to work , all citizens , regardless of race , must feel represented . 
The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting International Business Machines Corp. 's largest market . 
The Charter Revision Commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the Justice Department and the commission 's own commitment to enhancing minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts . 
One of the last big employers in the Silicon Valley to report in , Seagate Technology , said it expects to be back at full strength Monday . 
Reinsurance is protection taken out by the insurance firms themselves . 
Auto production for the first half of the fiscal year , which began in August , totaled 6,379,884 units , the association said . 
Last year she boasted to HG magazine : `` I 'd never looked at a garden in my life . '' 
Analysts say they think durable goods orders fell about 1 % , compared with a 3.9 % gain in August , and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 2.3 % from the second quarter 's 2.5 % . 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
I find it troubling . '' 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp . 
Members of the largest union , representing 1,700 workers , voted in favor of the pact yesterday . 
This makes enormous sense in Japan , where direct tax accounts for more than 70 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair . 
A dozen white office workers fold newsletters and stuff them into envelopes . 
Both are young , one twenty odd , the other thirty odd . 
Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2001 , priced at 99.821 to yield 9.275 % . 
`` The technology revolution is going to be very threatening to established producers , '' says Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
American Home Products 
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money . 
Arco Chemical Co. -- $ 100 million of 9.35 % debentures due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 98.518 to yield 9.50 % . 
In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August , Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be `` end-tailed '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules , pay and career options . 
Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 100 million , and as much as $ 120 million , to obtain the collection , people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold . 
American Home Products said sales and earnings for the third quarter and nine months were at record levels . 
`` The earnings were fine and above expectations , '' said Michael W. Blumstein , an analyst at First Boston Corp . 
Moreover , by stepping outside the state 's pro-choice tradition , Mr. Courter aggravates fears that he is too conservative as well on more pressing concerns such as auto insurance rates and the environment . 
The second part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1999 , was priced as 8 3\/8 % securities at 99.691 to yield 8.42 % . 
`` It took away the need to know the bad third-quarter report of IBM , for example , '' Mr. Kegler says . 
Further , McCaw said the banks expressed confidence that the balance of the $ 4.5 billion bank facility will be committed within the next several weeks by a syndicate of foreign and domestic banks . 
The current account deficit on France 's balance of payments narrowed to 1.48 billion French francs ( $ 236.8 million ) in August from a revised 2.1 billion francs in July , the Finance Ministry said . 
Import values are calculated on a cost , insurance and freight ( c.i.f . ) basis , while exports are accounted for on a free-on-board ( f.o.b . ) basis . 
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes . 
William C. Stuart III 
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus . 
But Santa Fe , currently trading at 18 7\/8 , is n't likely to realize private market values by selling assets , because the tax against it would be onerous . 
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety . 
Complete details were n't immediately available . 
But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt . 
PANDA : 
Transportation Secretary Sam Skinner , who earlier fueled the anti-takeover fires with his quasi-xenophobic attacks on foreign investment in U.S. carriers , now says the bill would further disturb the jittery capital markets . 
Still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino . 
However , that does n't mean they can benefit from the vaccine . 
It wo n't be cheaper ! 
Shelly Lazarus , 42 , was named president and chief operating officer of Ogilvy & Mather Direct , the direct mail division of WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency . 
Each time a new scandal hits , he says , `` it pulls the scabs off your knees . '' 
He said he might now sell his AMR stake , buy more shares , or make another offer at a lower price . 
Overall , net sales of all mutual funds , excluding money market funds , fell to $ 1.9 billion in September from $ 4.2 billion in August , the trade group said . 
Already the Germans appear to be acting ; at a special meeting on the day of the decline , directors of the Frankfurt Stock Exchange voted to extend their trading hours , although they have n't decided when or by how much . 
Kwek Hong Png , chairman of CDL , and director Quek Leng Chye were arrested by the republic 's Corrupt Practices Investigation Bureau Tuesday night . 
It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales . 
`` It 's going to be the leading edge technology in personal computers for the next few years . 
The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue . 
`` I think it 's a pretty positive development , '' said Ross Cowan , a financial analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. , of the decision to concentrate on groceries . 
Editor Hasse Olsson said plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev ( Business Paper ) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee , unhappy with the carrier 's plans for emerging from bankruptcy-law proceedings , asked its own experts to devise alternate approaches to a reorganization . 
While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost . 
Renault and DAF Trucks NV announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in Britain and France . 
In the end , Mr. Davis used junk bonds so that he could raise Paramount 's bid to $ 200 a share . 
But observers expect broad support . 
Average maturity was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward . 
Already two major pharmaceutical companies , the Squibb unit of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. and Hoffmann-La Roche Inc. , are collaborating with gene hunters to turn the anticipated cascade of discoveries into predictive tests and , maybe , new therapies . 
Even as the stock market has generally done well this year , IBM 's shares have slipped steadily from its 52-week high of $ 130.875 . 
He speaks only in Filipino . 
The agency expects the bids to be equivalent of more than $ 80 million . 
PaineWebber declined to comment . 
GOP Sen. Specter of Pennsylvania said he would vote to acquit federal Judge Alcee Hastings in his impeachment trial on charges of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
In the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 . 
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp . 
Property-tax relief is likely . 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
It also contends that Young & Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad Ventures , a Jamaican firm hired by the agency . 
If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution . 
For that matter , those long ago identified as liars are still given respectful hearings in the press . 
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether . 
At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share . 
The idea for Movieline actually was dreamed up by an old friend of the Volokhs , Boris Krutchensky ( who has the title of co-publisher ) , and Laurie Halpern Smith , now the magazine 's co-editor . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share . 
He remains chief executive officer . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. -- $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 84.90 to yield 7.51 % . 
`` The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University . 
When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs . 
Intelogic was spun off from Datapoint four years ago , shortly after Mr. Edelman took control of Datapoint . 
The question of control could further hinder long-delayed plans for the government to divest itself of Philippine Airlines , in which it has a 99 % stake . 
They want late-night shuttles to the biology labs . 
The state agency , which usually publishes the data on monthly basis , but traditionally combines the index for the two summer-holiday months , said the advance was led by output of consumer goods , which rose 3.5 % from June and was up 7.2 % from a year earlier . 
Ms. Haag plays Elianti . 
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes . 
The governments of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba have strongly opposed federal regulation of their telephone companies . 
The stock market is the only major market without a market-maker of unchallenged liquidity or a buyer of last resort . 
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said . 
`` I thought { the drawing } a cross between someone you 'd spot whipping open his trench coat ... or a guy who boasted he 'd been Charles Manson 's roommate for the last 19 years , '' he said . 
A program called Notes , which is under development by Lotus , also is designed to sort E-mail sent within work groups . 
Over the course of the decade , for instance , my return on investment in the area of poker alone ( Figures 7A and 7B ) has been most impressive , showing bodacious annual expansion with -- given the way my associates play -- no sign of abatement into the 1990s and beyond . 
The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income , increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million , from $ 47.1 million the year-before period . 
The average interest rate rose to 8.3875 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.337 % at last week 's sale . 
Says she : `` Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... . 
Who is going to carry the water ? ' '' 
That 's the market . '' 
Millicom Inc. said it is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in Pakistan . 
The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as Siemens tumbled 7.5 to 544 , Deutsche Bank plunged 7 to 657 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well . 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
`` In the year 2000 it will be one car per family . 
But we 're ... going to be in the exact same situation next year . '' 
BRIEFS : 
Mr. Engelken moved south to Washington , but he took with him enduring memories of the homer of 1951 . 
SharesBase Corp. said it will reduce its 221-person work force by about 25 % , effective tomorrow , in an effort to stem continuing losses . 
Digital also said it has dispatched teams of technicians to California . 
If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years and fined $ 250,000 . 
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world . '' 
But now , an official says , he is `` surrounded by right-to-lifers , '' who contend that any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions . 
The enormous inflation over the past 30 years was largely due to monetary policy . 
The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer . 
The products are so-called analog integrated circuits that have applications in the consumer electronics , automobile and electronic instrumentation markets . 
It said yesterday that net income for its third quarter soared 72 % to $ 11.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 6.8 million , or 19 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
ABC News has similarly branched out into entertainment gimmickry . 
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense . 
The offering is being made through BCI Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates , Series 1989-1 . 
This is written to correct a misquotation in your Oct. 3 article `` Deaths From Advanced Colon Cancer Can Be Reduced by Using Two Drugs . '' 
In the U.S. , radiation limits are set and monitored by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission , which licenses reactors that process the topaz . 
But the short-term outlook is so-so . 
Italian news reports said Mr. Carboni and a colleague obtained 1.2 billion lire in checks from a Vatican official , Pavel Hnilica . 
TransAtlantic Holdings PLC , a British-based , South African-controlled financial services investment group , and France 's Societe Centrale Union des Assurances de Paris reached an accord effectively reducing chances of an unfriendly takeover for Sun Life Assurance Society PLC . 
Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement . 
In Chicago yesterday , Options Clearing confirmed that it guarantees the Pacific exchange options . 
The company could be fined a maximum of $ 10,000 , or double the profit . 
Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts . 
Excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 2.5 billion in the first six months , compared with # 1.3 billion a year earlier , the Treasury said . 
The year-earlier figure included a one-time gain of $ 59.9 million from the sale of Corning 's stakes in Japanese businesses . 
Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun . 
It was a nightmare , '' says Susan Noble , an investment manager at Robert Fleming Holdings Ltd. 's International Investment Management unit in London . 
Some economists expect further declines in investment spending . 
And the investigators were quickly closing in on Mr. Noriega himself . 
Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other . 
The company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 . 
Ironically , many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9 . 
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz ( `` my day diamond , darling '' ) , she told her two companions that she is on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome . 
The seasonal adjusted annual selling rate was six million vehicles , a small improvement from the 5.8 million rate of early October , but a big drop from the 7.1 million rate a year ago . 
Meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate . 
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owned about 7 % of the company 's voting stock , worked with management to devise a time-limited poison pill . 
The Nasdaq composite index closed down 1.05 to 459.93 on volume of 161.5 million shares . 
`` This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate , '' Mr. Brady said . 
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare . 
Considered as a whole , Mr. Lane said , the filings required under the proposed rules `` will be at least as effective , if not more so , for investors following transactions . '' 
Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion : They were n't fired but instead `` were neglected , '' says Kouji Hori , the personnel manager at the Nissan Technical Center . 
Mr. Sheinberg remains as executive vice president . 
The jewelery chain was put up for sale in June . 
It 's hard to accept that it 's over and only took 15 seconds . 
`` We have to study their experience very well , '' he says . 
Referring to the chairmen of the Senate and House tax-writing committees , he adds , `` Next year , every special-interest group is going to be there knocking on Lloyd Bentsen 's door , on Danny Rostenkowski 's door . '' 
First-section volume was estimated at 1.3 billion shares , up from 886 million shares Thursday . 
In San Francisco , they argue , an earthquake was a near certainty . 
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing . 
Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism . 
The five offices in Erie and Ottawa counties in northern Ohio have total assets of about $ 88 million , Banc One said . 
The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier . 
In any case , supplies to patients wo n't be interrupted , the company added . 
You 'll remember when you see the stunning footage taken from inside a hurricane 's eye , in this edition of `` NOVA . 
Nestle currently has only about a 2 % share with its Taster 's Choice coffee . 
For reasons he would n't elaborate on , he said he 's sure that schedule wo n't be met , meaning less profit impact from the product for DEC in the next few quarters . 
Where had all the money come from ? 
`` Maybe I 'm a little stuffy , but I would n't sell them , '' sniffs Bob Machon , owner of Papa 's Sports Cards in Menlo Park , Calif . 
Working Woman , with circulation near one million , and Working Mother , with 625,000 circulation , are legitimate magazine success stories . 
Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . 
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification . 
But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better . 
The bottom fifth of all families got 4.6 % of the income , down from 5.2 % a decade earlier . 
Yesterday , U S West shares rose 75 cents to close at $ 71.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The optical products company has signed a licensing agreement with Photoprotective Technologies Inc. , a closely held firm in San Antonio , Texas , which has developed a method to incorporate the synthetic melanin into plastic lenses . 
Analysts agreed with company expectations that operating profit will be down this year and in 1990 . 
But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
`` Emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in America for years , they 've been neglected , '' he said , and their prices often trail the market as a whole . 
Further , I think Mr. Knight made a poor choice in picking `` A Fish Called Wanda '' as an example of the deplorable state of modern comedy movies . 
Three days later , Mr. Lesk was named president and chief executive officer of Olga Co. , a competing intimate apparel division of Warnaco Inc . 
AMR 's board , in a statement after a regular meeting yesterday , said : `` Ill-considered and reckless acquisition proposals adversely affect employee , financial and business relationships and are contrary to the best interests of AMR shareholders ... . 
But other sectors failed to attract investor interest and remained sluggish , making overall trading appear mixed . 
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families . 
James Burke and Larry Evans , formerly owners of the now-defunct Barclay Gallery , and Prudence Clark , a Barclay sales representative , were charged with conducting high-pressure telephone sales in which they misrepresented cheap copies of Dali artwork as signed , limited-edition lithographs . 
Fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy . 
The December contract settled at 73.97 cents a pound , up 0.59 cent , but it rose as high as 74.20 cents . 
Although such sessions may never replace coffee breaks , on-site massage , as it is known in the trade , is certainly infiltrating corporate America . 
Clearly , the existence of the former lures the latter . 
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers . 
Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance . 
`` It 's much bigger than we expected , '' said one German banker , who asked not to be named . 
Textron said that nine-months ' results do n't include earnings of Avdel PLC , a British maker of industrial fasteners , but do include interest costs of $ 16.4 million on borrowings related to the proposed purchase of Avdel . 
On Oct. 5 , the company estimated after-tax effects on the year 's earnings would be `` at least '' $ 1.3 million . 
According to Gen. Sundarji , that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company . 
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries . 
He takes over a school system in the midst of radical reform . 
Government officials were expected to combine Waertsilae Marine with two other struggling firms , and thus ensure Finland 's survival as a shipbuilding nation . 
Here is how three Vietnamese are coping with change : 
A foul-smelling demon supposedly plagued a house in Mannington , Ky . 
In addition to Backer Spielvogel Bates , a Saatchi unit that has handled the account since 1970 , the other agencies include Lowe Marschalk , a unit of the Lowe Group ; Grey Advertising ; and WPP Group 's Scali , McCabe , Sloves agency . 
The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow . 
A second provision passed by the Senate and House would eliminate a rule allowing companies that post losses resulting from LBO debt to receive refunds of taxes paid over the previous three years . 
U.S. officials , however , said they are n't buying the Israeli argument . 
Fueling a controversy that has been simmering for years , the Census Bureau also said its figures would look far rosier if it recalculated the poverty threshold using an improved consumer-price measure adopted in 1983 . 
The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain , while Mr. Breene said it also plans to make acquisitions in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere . 
( NYSE ; Symbol : TW ) 
Foreign Bonds 
`` Most people read 10 times more than necessary in order to find out what they really need . '' 
If E.E. `` Buzzy '' Geduld is right , a seatbelt may come in handy during the next few sessions . 
Analysis of ice from the Dunde ice cap , a glacial plateau in Tibet 17,000 feet above sea level , show that average temperatures were higher in 1937-87 than in any other 50-year period since before the last Ice Age , Mr. Thompson said . 
( In Virginia , Marshall Coleman and his running mate , Eddy Dalton , are both on the defensive for opposing abortions even in cases of rape or incest . ) 
Traders said a variety of factors triggered the rally . 
Sometimes , if the hacker seemed to be into a sensitive file , he would drag his keychain across the terminal to create static or slow the system down to frustrate his quarry . 
Brooks Brothers is also remodeling its stores . 
The companies said Pace would ill continue to operate under its present management . 
Laboratory tests showed that non-toxic versions of the poisons are capable of inducing an immunity to whooping cough , the researchers reported in this week 's issue of the journal Science . 
In major market activity : 
As of late yesterday , the IPO was still on . 
It also said the union had agreed to meet the company for further talks tomorrow . 
What 's more , both administration and congressional officials hint that the notification requirement is likely to be dropped from the guidelines on coup attempts that are being rewritten by the panel and the White House . 
By this month , it had more than doubled . 
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill . 
He explains that companies with real estate give `` security . '' 
Ah , the glamour of professional sports . 
`` There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . '' 
Until the tanker spill , Big Oil was slowly convincing authorities it could safely produce from such places . 
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions , he has few major political programs that he can call his own . 
Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said . 
Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3\/8 to 61 1\/8 , Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 64 3\/4 , Travelers added 1\/2 to 40 3\/8 and American International Group rose 3 1\/8 to 107 3\/4 . 
Mr. Thompson is n't bereft of experience with new products , however . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy . 
Earlier this year , Texas Air 's Eastern Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
For the nine months , net of $ 38.5 million , or 92 cents a share , trailed the year earlier 's $ 49.9 million , or $ 1.08 a share . 
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring . 
Pachinko is slightly on the shady side , often linked to the lower ranks of Japan 's underworld and regularly at the top of annual lists of tax evaders . 
However , the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded . 
The resulting stockpiling has depressed the market . 
Floor traders also said that the market could have been helped by rumors , which have been circulating for the past two days , about China purchasing cotton . 
`` Until this came up and hit the press , there was never any indication that he was doing anything wrong . '' 
But they think promotions are limited . 
I believe the risk for each individual stock selected by your pros is very large . 
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson . 
This is not the case . 
The agency was so totally subverted from the high principles of its founding that even the Soviets now wonder about an agency that seemed so congenial to them . 
The machines will cost around $ 16,250 on average in Europe . 
The trend is making proponents less optimistic a tax cut will pass . 
Business complained earlier this year when Sen. Kennedy introduced a bill that would require employers to provide a minimum level of health insurance to workers but does n't contain cost-control measures . 
But a reduction in one-time gains on the sale of various assets and an increase in the company 's provision for loan losses held down the earnings gain , the company said . 
W.R. Grace & Co. said it formed a new horticultural-products company by combining its soil-nutrients and fertilizers business with Sierra Chemical Co. , Milpitas , Calif . 
She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans . 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
Psychologists say isolated people who do n't discuss their investments with others are particularly at risk for fraud . 
The remainder were to be phased out in five or 10 annual installments , with all tariffs eliminated by January 1998 . 
`` He probably was the smartest guy who ever sat on our bench , '' says a former president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association , who , like most lawyers in Cambria County , refuses to talk about the judge publicly . 
Mr. Locke teaches English and comparative literature at Columbia University . 
Some analysts argued that there wo n't be a flurry of takeovers because the industry 's continuing capacity-expansion program is eating up available cash . 
Within a year , Kao Corp. , a major cosmetics company , plans to eliminate 1,000 clerical jobs by putting on a central computer network some work , such as credit reports , currently performed in 22 separate offices . 
My position is one founded on both the facts and the law . 
The proposal now enters a 60-day comment period , after which the Treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period . 
The state bar association 's policy making body , the House of Delegate , voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar 's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono . 
Then , in the space of a 20-minute coffee break , the average rallied almost all of the way back . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
Slick graphics , pre-tested for effectiveness , also play a major role in Litigation Sciences ' operation . 
Revenue rose 6.9 % , to $ 3.1 billion from $ 2.9 billion . 
Previously , patent cases moved through the court system to one of the 12 circuit appeals courts . 
The margin of error for subgroups -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
The second part , consisting of $ 28 million of 11 3\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1995 , was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25 % . 
Most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of Mancuso . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) was confident he had enough votes to block the maneuver on procedural grounds , perhaps as soon as today . 
But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Ernest Ball , for instance , who wrote `` When Irish Eyes are Smiling , '' and Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the gas mask and the tri-colored traffic light . 
Holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , from $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Bonds issued by Kroger , Duracell , Safeway and American Standard also showed big gains , recovering almost all their losses from Friday and early yesterday . 
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen . 
`` Generalizations about value are n't useful , '' says New York money manager John LeFrere of Delta Capital Management . 
In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
President Bush is considering casting a line-item veto as a test to determine whether the courts will rule that he has such authority . 
Of Hoechst 's 40.9 billion marks in group sales in 1988 , 200 million marks came from sales of CFCs . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Dell closed yesterday at $ 6 a share , down 87.5 cents . 
Personal spending , which fueled the economy 's growth in the third quarter , was clearly slowing by the end of the period , raising questions about the economy 's strength as the year ends . 
In contrast , an investor holding the Dow Jones portfolio over the year would have accumulated only $ 127,446 . 
Environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 1995-1999 , 2005 and 2009 . 
Mr. Guber replies that `` this is a Goliath , this Time Warner , trying to chew up two fellows who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
He was arrested , though not indicted , on at least three other occasions in the '60s and '70s : for assault and unlawful confinement , for fraud and forgery of private documents , and for extortion . 
Weakening corporate earnings , they say , are no prescription for a bull market . 
His 1942 novel `` The Family of Pascual Duarte '' is considered the most popular work of fiction in Spanish since Cervantes 's `` Don Quixote '' was published 400 years ago . 
They said they expect the transaction to be completed by Dec. 15 . 
Honecker , who was reported ill following gall-bladder surgery in August , said he was resigning for health reasons . 
It estimates the time between college graduation and the awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years , with the average gap now ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences to 16.2 years in education . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash . 
And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this . 
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share . 
Kellogg dropped 1 3\/4 to 73 1\/4 . 
`` People started wondering if something was wrong with him , '' Mr. Miranda recalls . 
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street . 
Investors were further assured that only those with a minimun net worth would be accepted . 
The short-term shift in the political climate surrounding abortion reflects two factors that are likely to govern the debate in the next several months : the reawakening of the abortion-rights movement as a potent force after years of lassitude , and the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere . 
It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus\/B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 
As larger companies increasingly self-insure , or use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills , the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them . 
Mainly , though , it was a favorable outlook for yesterday 's new supply that propped up municipals , some traders said . 
Sales rose 2.6 % to $ 1.32 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
I.C.H. also named Steven B. Bing , 42 , senior vice president since 1986 , as president , succeeding John W. Gardiner , who will join the HMS Acquisition Corp. division of Hicks , Muse & Co. , which has agreed to buy most of I.C.H. 's Denver-based subsidiaries . 
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue . 
But Manville 's ownership is unusual , and it has caught the eye of some canny -- and patient -- investors . 
The stock market 's dizzying gyrations during the past few days have made a lot of individual investors wish they could buy some sort of insurance . 
`` We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official . 
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . 
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
In the same sentence he contradicts himself when he reports that the government still retains 40 % of the total equity of the airline . 
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , the largest home and auto insurer in California , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from Hurricane Hugo . 
Competitors are known as the `` enemy . '' 
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school . 
The Federal Election Commission clears corporate plans to donate to an employee 's chosen charity in exchange for the worker 's gift to the company political action committee . 
Guarantee by Industrial Bank of Japan . 
Companies with steady earnings growth could do well , she says , while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10 % . 
Yet nothing about `` Baker Boys , '' and certainly nothing about Ms. Pfeiffer , really is like something from the video vault . 
THE AMERICAN CANCER SOCIETY 'S 1988 costs of fund raising and administration were $ 72.4 million , or 23.2 % of its revenue . 
-- `` Playing intercollegiate sports does n't give you a lot of time to spend with others . 
Nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion , politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice . 
Some experts say markets are n't as volatile as widely assumed . 
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes . 
While brand loyalty is far from dead , marketing experts say it has eroded during the 1980s . 
Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties . 
`` Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture , '' a government minister said . 
A master of pork-barrel politics , he had crafted the $ 2.85 billion package in vintage style and used the full force of his chairmanship to keep the proposal intact and dismiss any alternative . 
Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights , there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it . 
Mr. Kane said he expects two or three major corporations to announce their participation in U.S. Memories soon after the group finishes a business plan , probably late this week . 
Inflation is at record levels . 
`` Frankly , I would n't expect the Japanese to get hooked on anybody 's technology , least of all the Soviets . '' 
Ohbayashi officials said the purchase was undertaken to participate in ventures in and around New York City . 
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) . 
Second , it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator 's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency . 
While the theme is compelling , the plot and characters are not . 
In his peaked military cap and neatly pressed , French-made uniform , Noriega felt more respected and powerful than ever in his underprivileged life , friends from the period say . 
He predicted the debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved . 
`` The team eliminated the crisis mentality that proposal deadlines can generate . 
The Bloomfield Hills , Mich.-based real-estate holding company said it will offer the rights at $ 8.75 a share to shareholders of record on Oct. 26 . 
`` We 're in the dark , '' he said . 
The burning question is whether the new chief can parry Mr. Icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves . 
The report was based on a telephone survey of 1,250 low-income households across the state , a mail survey of major legal-services programs and on-site interviews with individuals in the field . 
Cattle prices have risen in recent weeks on speculation that the government 's quarterly report will signal tighter supplies of beef . 
But because the University of California , like many other universities , shares its royalties with researchers , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Mr. Daly says . 
WCRS has been in discussions with Eurocom for several months . 
A spokesman for Shearson said the brokerage service will be directed at individual investors who want to buy foreign and domestic stocks . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad . 
The trip from the test tube was not without snags . 
As a Channel Islander , I was amazed to see my birthplace listed as one of `` 86 countries with an income tax . '' 
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
Newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held . 
If Sen. Bradley would permit a vote on capital gains , though , it would pass , Christmas retail sales would be strong instead of burdened by a falling stock market , the 1990 economy would be robust , and the revenue gains at every level of government , including New Jersey 's , would be surprisingly high . 
`` We conclude , '' the two judges wrote , `` that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction . '' 
Says Mr. Simpson : `` The script was unreadable . 
That country recently bought 200,000 tons of sugar and had been expected to seek a like quantity last week but did n't . 
The leaders ' talks coincided with a meeting in Madrid of anti-drug experts from the U.S. , France , Italy , Spain , Peru , Bolivia and Colombia . 
Cotton Inc . Campaign 
Sales were flat at $ 7.88 billion . 
But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen . 
A similar situation apparently exists in the Ivory Coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 55,000 tons as of this time a year ago . 
It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project , a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama , about an hour outside Tokyo . 
But the board 's decision prompted many to bail out of the stock yesterday . 
But other figures are surprising . 
The company has about 31 million ordinary shares outstanding . 
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up . 
`` The pilots wo n't let them . 
Asked what he would do differently on the morrow , Craig allowed that he might play his outfielders deeper , `` maybe on the other side of the fence . '' 
Apple Computer gained 1 to 48 1\/4 ; Ashton-Tate rose 3\/8 to 10 3\/8 . 
3 . Record the true costs of credit programs in the federal budget . 
Digital Equipment Corp. reported a 32 % decline in net income on a modest revenue gain in its fiscal first quarter , causing some analysts to predict weaker results ahead than they had expected . 
`` It took Zhao Ziyang ( former premier and party chief ) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing . '' 
In a speech given Friday but released late Monday , Bundesbank Vice President Helmut Schlesinger suggested that it was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle . 
There 's a memorable passage in which Mr. Shields , having finally learned of the practice , expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor ( and now the governor of Texas ! ) and oil man Edwin Cox , chairman of the board of trustees . 
Akio Tanii , president of Japan 's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. , presented the U.S. consul general in Osaka with a $ 1 million check to help San Francisco 's earthquake victims . 
With that authority , of course , goes an unambiguous accountability . 
Food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic examples . 
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier . 
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities . 
But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use . 
The company said a new chief operating officer wo n't be appointed . 
Treasury Securities 
The globalists tend to think Mr. Lawson ran onto technical reefs . 
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud . 
The thrifts had a combined loss of $ 487.8 million in the second quarter . 
Wilbur Ross , financial adviser to the equity holders said , `` Given the state 's strong bargaining position ... we believe the NU plan provides the best recovery available '' to PS of New Hampshire 's equity holders . 
A half-hour later , the woman is smiling and chatting ; the demon seems to have gone . 
Reprinted by permission . 
True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds . 
Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak , and the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws , security and stability . 
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford . 
That year , it posted record pretax profit of # 650 million , a gain it attributes to higher rates and fewer claims . 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid , most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing , forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week . 
Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents ; modern senators , Mr. Boren notwithstanding , are less modest . 
4:30 a.m . 
Imagine a widow who wants to maintain her standard of living at the same level she had before she had to pay the catastrophic surtax . 
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.42 % 60 days ; 8.25 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8.02 % 150 days ; 7.95 % 180 days . 
It also was detailed in Congressional testimony this past February : An explosion at the Microbiology and Virology Institute in Sverdlovsk released anthrax germs that caused a significant number of deaths . 
Economists predict the report will show economic growth of about 2.5 % in the third quarter , which would have little effect on financial markets . 
Propylene glycols are used in making personal-care products such as shampoo , and urethane polyols are used in making the polyurethane foam found in furniture cushioning and other products . 
One of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a thicker coat of zinc more quickly . 
The downturn also raises questions about the carriers ' ambitious orders for new airplanes , which currently total $ 32.5 billion over the next three years . 
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation . 
`` Everyone left , '' said Peter Lang , reservations manager of the Mark Hopkins Hotel . 
Nearly 36 % ranked housing problems as their most serious unmet legal need . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Mr. Keating lives in Phoenix , and the California thrift 's parent is an Ohio-chartered corporation with holdings in Michigan . 
If Washington 's elites ever succeed in bursting the tax dam , Americans will be engulfed in a red sea of new spending programs , such as federalized child care . 
Brooks Brothers , which Marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million . 
In 1900 , for instance , less than 8 % of assets went into bank deposits . 
But he put off a firm decision while his aides and legislators searched for a compromise that would tighten requirements for such abortions in a way acceptable to the president . 
The price can be expected to erode further , because the loss estimate came after the market closed . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close . 
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % . 
M.B.A. candidates at the University of Pittsburgh earn up to $ 15 an hour on marketing or computer projects . 
The appointments are effective Nov. 1 . 
Under Massachusetts tax laws , corporations must pay 9.5 % of estimated profits resulting from business transactions in the state if the company conducts a variety of non-sales activities , including warranties , customer complaints and relations with independent dealerships . 
But he does say that all of his activities have been `` entirely proper . '' 
August adjusted spending by wage-earning families was down 0.6 % to 309,381 yen from a year earlier . 
Just yesterday , New Hampshire announced it made a $ 75,000 settlement with Drexel , a record-tying fine for a securities-law matter in that state . 
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . '' 
In addition , the company said ongoing cost-cutting efforts contributed to the latest period 's earnings upturn . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
Japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during Monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said . 
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe . 
A limit order to sell could be entered at that price . 
Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink . 
If nobody buys , I bring my prices down . 
So he asked the IRS if the plan would work . 
Certainly I do not . 
Since the 1970s energy crisis , some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect : high indoor pollution . 
`` The implied current net asset value of 22.70 { per share } is well below the 30 level that the Street believed , '' PaineWebber says . 
But city officials say tax revenues are lagging . 
But if defendants can prove that they met San Francisco 's stringent building codes , `` that 's probably going to protect them , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration . 
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health-club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion . 
And it is estimated that more than 20 % of that , $ 70 billion , goes to `` defensive medicine '' -- those measures taken by doctors to protect themselves from the most unlikely possibilities . 
The appeal of gold issues , Mr. Stovall says , is that `` they 're a counter group . 
These apocalyptic predictions were advanced by such stalwarts as Paul Ehrlich , Barry Commoner , Rene Dubois and George Wald . 
Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned . 
Roland J. Hawkins , chairman of Jet Vacations Inc. , was elected to the board of this cruise line . 
Investors have complained for some time about program trading , particularly index arbitrage , to little avail . 
Hearing of this information , the husband discussed it with his broker , Mr. Chestman , and Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account and other clients . 
At the market price , the transaction has a total indicated value of $ 7.4 million . 
Guarana Antarctica , a Brazilian soft drink , is brought to the U.S. by Amcap , Chevy Chase , Md . 
COCA-COLA Co . ( Atlanta ) -- 
Sales rose 2.8 % to $ 864.1 million , from $ 840.4 million . 
He cited the case of a Swiss oil trader who recently put out bids via telex for an oil tanker to pick up a cargo of crude in the Middle East . 
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express . 
It is widely expected that they will . 
Ms. Levine told her employer that she was pregnant in February ; a month later , the suit says , the restaurant manager told Ms. Levine that she would be demoted to his assistant because he felt customers would be uncomfortable with a pregnant maitre 'd . 
On the way to that goal , she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry , attended secretarial school , then went to work for a fund-raising organization . 
Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business . 
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities . 
Sandra Swift Parrino 
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns . 
Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 
The panel rejected a proposal pushed by AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines , to allow the Transportation secretary to block corporate raiders from waging proxy fights to oust boards that oppose a leveraged buy-out . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
A year ago , results were buoyed by a $ 20 million after-tax gain from an asset sale . 
This Los Angeles company and its Union Federal Savings Bank subsidiary said more than 99 % of their 7 1\/4 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2011 were tendered for conversion into UnionFed common stock . 
Tuitions at private colleges rose 154 % in the 10 years ended in June of this year ; that 's twice the 77 % increase in consumer prices for the same period . 
Other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction . 
It is scheduled for delivery in late 1991 . 
Mr. Labovitz is president of ODI , a consulting firm in Burlington , Mass . 
Armed with this shared understanding and requisite background information , each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal , submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule . 
On the same basis , revenue rose to $ 2.7 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
`` We saw good buying in Japan and excellent buying in London , '' said Jay Goldinger , market strategist and trader at Capital Insight Inc. , Beverly Hills , Calif . 
An aide to the Senate Securities Subcommittee says some legislators support the concept of risk disclosure , but adds : `` nobody is wedded to the language in the bill . '' 
All U.S. futures exchanges agree that these and other trading practices require proper regulation and supervision . 
The company expects to reopen three Target stores and all but two Mervyn 's today or tomorrow . 
`` The Commerce Department says go , and the Defense Department says stop , '' complains one machine tool producer . 
Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 30 % of those polled . 
Until now , its corporate ads , mainly promoting its sponsorship of the arts , have appeared almost exclusively in newspapers and magazines . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
I mean , these folks are so uptight that they blame pretty Kate for the fact that when she was a teen-ager , someone tied her hands behind her back , thrust her head into a gunny sack , brutally raped and beat her , and then left her to die in a cold-storage room . 
But they have just taken it for granted . '' 
They wonder whether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough . 
The West German machinery and plant equipment industry 's orders rose an inflation-adjusted 1 % in September from a year earlier despite a sharp drop in foreign orders , the German Association of Machinery Makers said . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Bush administration to facilitate the refinancing of federally subsidized loans for low-income and moderate-income homeowners . 
Using Gnu-Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes . 
What far too many people concerned about education either fail to understand or choose to ignore is that American children , on the whole , are among the most undisciplined in the world , making any attempt at improvements in the mode of education potentially unsuccessful . 
In response to the internationalization of the business , Mr. Sinyard 's company is replacing independent distributors overseas with wholly owned subsidiaries . 
Last season , lift-ticket sales fell for the first time in seven years . 
The measure before the conference yesterday funds the Departments of State , Justice and Commerce through fiscal 1990 . 
Last week , yields on long-term New York City general obligation bonds jumped half a percentage point . 
Most other junk bond issues finished a quarter-point lower on rumors that Campeau Corp. was filing for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
If they do good credit analysis , they will avoid the hand grenades . 
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars . 
Mayor Agnos 's $ 2 billion estimate does n't include damage to freeway arteries leading into the city , some of which remained closed . 
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . 
Dow Jones industrials 2659.22 , off 3.69 ; transportation 1210.70 , off 25.96 ; utilities 215.04 , off 0.31 . 
Chicagoans have just elected 540 neophyte school boards , one for each school . 
But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America . 
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . 
`` The results were fascinating , '' he said . 
South Africa negotiated a new debt agreement with its major foreign creditors for about $ 8 billion of its foreign debt outstanding , said Chris Stals , governor of the Reserve Bank and the country 's chief debt negotiator . 
The debentures , due in 2014 , have a coupon of 7 3\/4 % , payable semiannually . 
January platinum was down $ 3.60 an ounce at $ 491.10 . 
The Arabs had merely oil . 
Earnings included a one-time gain of $ 192 million on a property transaction in Hong Kong . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rose 39.55 points to 2683.20 . 
Institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear . 
`` There 's seven million square feet of space that 's doing great . 
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit . 
Net was $ 24 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up from $ 19 million , or 90 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Health Care Property holds an interest in 139 facilities in 30 states . 
Under a separate arrangement , British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. , and Renault 's truck-building subsidiary Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France . 
Sir Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank and NatWest Investment Bank Ltd . 
Campeau 's Ms. Sanger disputes Mr. Konheim 's comments . 
The firm was indicted in Tampa , Fla. , on money-laundering charges . 
In affidavits , each plaintiff claims Mr. Peterson promised the bank purchase would be completed by the end of 1988 or the money returned . 
The Kabul regime would fall . 
Government Insurance Office of New South Wales ( agency ) -- 
The economic ideas in the document are much bolder than current policies . 
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
`` It 's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough , it 's almost malpractice not to use them , '' he says . 
So how did a good senator like this end up approving a policy that required the U.S. to warn Mr. Noriega of any coup plot against him ? 
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
`` I do n't trust people who do n't eat , '' said Ms. Volokh , though she herself stopped eating lunch a few years ago to drop 25 pounds . 
Harmonia Bancorp Inc. -- 4,750,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The three units had combined 1988 sales of about $ 904 million . 
$ 200 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes , Series 1990 , due Sept. 28 , 1990 . 
News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl . 
Besides the Machinists pact , accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December . 
Computer Associates has carved out a huge business selling such software for use in managing networks of International Business Machines Corp. computers but needs to find new markets if it is to maintain its growth rate of 30 % and more each year . 
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . 
Now , it 's Mr. Icahn 's move . 
One 60-second TV spot features a diverse group of skiers gracefully gliding down sun-drenched slopes : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a blind skier . 
In many other institutions , scientists are shunning contacts with venture investors until the NIH policy is settled . 
Previously , no OPEC member had been willing to accept a reduction in its percentage share of the group 's total output target , or ceiling . 
I thought back to our time in small , sparsely populated communities . 
Norman L. Owens Tempe , Ariz . 
The offering used at-market pricing . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc . 
Fed officials appear reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said . 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
Also providing support to Treasurys was hope that the stock market might see declines because of the expiration of some stock-index futures and options on indexes and individual stocks . 
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline . 
`` In general , it was a bearish close , '' said Ben Hanauer , a copper trader at Rudolph Wolff & Co. , a major commodities trading and brokerage firm . 
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs . 
Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules . 
That 's politics . 
The consolidation is expected to save $ 1 million a year in administrative costs , a Great American spokesman said . 
Mr. Tyszkiewicz said the charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain , Greece and Portugal at a disadvantage . 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
The price of Columbia shares has been cut nearly in half since August , when they traded at about $ 10 , as investors apparently realized that the thrift would be forced to take a big write-down . 
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Yields for taxable bonds range from 9 1\/8 % in 1994 to 9.90 % in 2009 and 2010 . 
But U.S. officials have strong doubts that he is a reformer . 
By late 1988 , they were banning Soviet publications . 
Under the direction of its new chairman , Francisco Luzon , Spain 's seventh largest bank is undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first step toward the bank 's privatization . 
MCA said revenue rose 14 % to $ 918.4 million from $ 806.7 million . 
Managers in all three companies recognize speed as a component of quality and a key to customer satisfaction . 
He lived with her . 
The Educational Network , as Mr. Whittle has named the three programs , has been offered to 1,290 school districts and Whittle continues to negotiate with 919 districts . 
On a 394-21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure . 
Under the circumstances , it wo n't be easy for GM to exceed its record 1988 fourth-quarter net of $ 1.4 billion , the spokesman acknowledged . 
The other suit was filed by two men in a dispute over $ 100,000 investments each says he made with Mr. Peterson as part of an effort to purchase the Bank of Scottsdale in Scottsdale , Ariz . 
Perhaps the Halloween season is a good time for Congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-banking firm , in its annual tally of investment returns , reported that old masters appreciated 51 % in the year ended June 1 , the greatest return of any of 13 assets it tracked . 
The selling by money managers and individual investors is turning traders bearish as well . 
The departing Mr. Cathcart says he has no worries about Kidder 's future . 
That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
The yield rose to 5.38 % . 
Yesterday , she was still waiting at a bus stop after three hours , trying to transfer to a bus going to the financial district . 
Gen. Scowcroft knows as well as anyone that one of the biggest dangers he faces is that NSC staffers working in relative anonymity will take over policy-making and operational tasks that are best left to bigger and more experienced State Department and Pentagon bureaus . 
So it will take many quarters for IBM to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations . 
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
`` The parent company is diversifying into other industries around the world , '' said president Meyer Blinder in explaining the name change . 
The companies said the transaction is being structured this way because the laws of the Netherlands Antilles , under which Erbamont is organized , do n't provide for merger transactions . 
In New York Stock Exchange Composite trading , Integrated shares closed at $ 1.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
Corning Inc. posted a 38 % decline in third-quarter net income to $ 76.5 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 123.9 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a year earlier . 
Also holding two seats each on the board , they said , would be Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , controlled by the Reichmann family of Canada , and Itel Corp. , controlled by Chicago businessman Sam Zell . 
The shares will be priced in early November , she said . 
A native of the area , he is back now after riding the oil-field boom to the top , then surviving the bust running an Oklahoma City convenience store . 
It is the stuff of dreams , but also of traumas . 
But he has been getting heat from all sides over program trading . 
Mr. Nadeau also is chairman and chief executive of Unigesco Inc. , Provigo 's controlling shareholder . 
It was reported stolen in transit en route to Washington , D.C. , in February . 
Average daily trading volume : 881,969 shares 
Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns . 
Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price . 
The state of New Hampshire has favored that plan . 
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today . 
Stock prices edged up in quiet trading Friday . 
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why . 
A spokesman for CS First Boston said : `` We remain committed to a full range of businesses , including merchant banking . 
No book contracts have been dangled before Deborah Gore Dean , the reigning queen of the HUD scandal . 
Currently , the Transportation Department does n't have the authority to block a takeover in advance . 
Market watchers also noted an absence of institutional interest later in the session helped pave the way for broader declines when Wall Street opened weaker . 
It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level . 
Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems . 
Mr. Butz said the divergence in the two measures reflects changes in family size and structure , including the rising number of female-headed families and a sharp increase in income reported by Americans who are n't living in families . 
`` The unnecessary and inappropriate use of the hospital , and not the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus , '' the panel said . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The next to be cloned , human insulin , had market potential and Genentech licensed it to Eli Lilly , which produced 80 % of the insulin used by 1.5 million U.S. diabetics . 
The 235 general-purpose funds increased $ 2.53 billion to $ 116.56 billion , while 96 broker-dealer funds increased $ 1.3 billion to $ 154.05 billion . 
The measure is scheduled to be taken up by the Appropriations Committee today . 
That is , he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon , and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works . 
Now , neither side -- the U.S. nor Mr. Noriega -- has an easy out . 
`` Fund managers do n't like to have rights issues that do n't have an obvious reason . 
The announcement fueled speculation for future advances in the shares . 
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share . 
The dissident pilots oppose the plan because it would cause them to lose their seniority . 
General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains . 
GM 's car sales dropped 24.8 % in mid-October to 69,980 , while truck sales fell 26 % to 37,860 . 
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors ca n't afford to step aside . 
`` Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up '' at a rate `` close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , '' said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co . 
Last year 's retrenchment dried up the working capital of Chinese factories . 
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ? 
Eagle Financial Corp. and Webster Financial Corp. , two Connecticut savings bank-holding companies , agreed to merge in a tax-free stock transaction . 
But even that is disputed by Manufacturers Hanover which , in alliance with the IRS , contends that Minpeco has already collected more than its actual damages from other defendants in the silver-conspiracy case . 
Smaller chains and single-store operators will be the first to fail , many in the industry predict . 
Even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , racehorse owners still try to capitalize on the elan of the sport . 
When Mr. Pilson is asked directly -- can you make money on all this ? -- he does n't exactly say yes . 
Until GAO 's recent audit , FHA books had not been subject to a complete external audit in 15 years . 
But Glenn Daily , a New York-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are `` just fantasies , '' because most are n't guaranteed by the companies . 
Friday brings the final count on October auto sales . 
Earlier , Japan had said it might file a reservation against the ivory ban decided by ballot at the 103-nation United Nations Conference on International Trade in Endangered Species in Switzerland last week . 
`` October is a big rollover month and perhaps they anticipate greater demand ... among people leaving the stock market . '' 
Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health . 
Rather , lines would diminish because at higher prices many victims could not afford necessities such as food and medical supplies . 
Nearby Pasadena , Texas , police reported that 104 people had been taken to area hospitals , but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise . 
Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada . 
Few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in collaboration with other local merchants . 
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like `` pre-refunded '' municipals . 
As a result , financial advisers say they take several steps when evaluating the riskiness of clients ' portfolios . 
Mr. Grauer said $ 2 billion of that is used in active index arbitrage . 
In July , Eastern and its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan that called for Eastern to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size . 
The bank 's total allowance for credit losses was $ 502.1 million , or 1.82 % of total loans . 
The two executives could hardly be more different . 
Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand . 
Hoping to avoid another takeover , Mr. Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners for a management-led buy-out . 
The downside is limited . '' 
Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter stationery , among other things , and notify customers . 
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said . 
`` Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire '' between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS , said Jeffrey Simpson , a columnist in Toronto 's Globe & Mail newspaper . 
Although bullish dollar sentiment has fizzled , many currency analysts say a massive sell-off probably wo n't occur in the near future . 
The committee is to recommend at the end of the month whether DOE should support cold fusion research . 
`` Obviously , a diversified portfolio would have less risk , '' the person close to the trust says . 
Safeco fell 1\/8 to 32 5\/8 on 462,900 shares . 
A round of futures-related program selling near the close sent the stock market lower in otherwise directionless trading . 
International Business Machines Corp. said it agreed to let Motorola Inc. participate in a semiconductor research project as part of its effort to bolster the U.S. semiconductor industry . 
And David Riley , a federal examiner who worked under Mr. Scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about Lincoln . 
A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown SF when the quake hit . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million . 
Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees . 
Generally in the quarter , overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability . 
Just ask Richard Blumenfeld , a New Jersey dentist who considers himself `` a reasonably sophisticated investor . '' 
But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state . 
LIMITED RISK FUNDS : 
A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked that Medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones . 
The parties are currently negotiating over who would manage the building , which will be emptied of 6,000 employees from Sears ' merchandise group , which is moving elsewhere . 
Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled . 
THE UNITED AUTO WORKERS said it will seek a rehearing of a U.S. appellate court ruling against the union 's claim that the state of Michigan engages in wage-discrimination against female employees . 
Troubled SCI Television Inc. proposed to restructure much of its $ 1.3 billion in debt to buy time to sell assets and pay its obligations . 
But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz . 
About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings . 
Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold . 
Dayton Hudson Corp. said it accepted for purchase seven million common shares at $ 62.875 each , under the terms of a Dutch auction self-tender offer . 
Why , until last spring , did the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan sometimes take several days to correct typographical errors in its paper work for international transactions ? 
On the fourth `` run '' with the borrowed rod , the experiment began producing excess heat . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Phillips Petroleum shares fell $ 1.125 to $ 23.125 . 
But now , Charlie Brown is about to start pitching everything from Chex Party Mix to light bulbs . 
The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
With all this , even the most wary oil men agree something has changed . 
Traders nervously watching their Quotron electronic-data machines yesterday morning were stunned to see the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet 99 points in seconds . 
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first . 
Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 2 : 
Decisions on increases in the IMF 's capital base traditionally are made by the administration , with subsequent authorization by Congress . 
I would view it as a net positive . 
After college , he worked at his father 's insurance company in Little Rock , and in 1966 led an aborted attempt to buy the San Diego Chargers . 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
Investment and emigration plans take time to come to fruition . 
Metromedia , headed by John W. Kluge , has interests in telecommunications , robotic painting , computer software , restaurants and entertainment . 
Clinton and Timken agreed not to disclose the value of the contract . 
`` No magic bullet will be discovered next year , an election year , '' says Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif . ) 
ENGRAPH INC. recently reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in last Tuesday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
For the nine months , the Arlington , Va. , company 's net plunged 73 % to $ 38.5 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share . 
AMERICAN PRESIDENT COS. , Oakland , shipping concern , annual sales of $ 2.2 billion , NYSE , had little damage to the cranes , dock or rail track at its container-ship facility near the collapsed Route 880 overpass . 
Ford said in July it planned to operate Associates , based in Dallas , as a separate entity in its Ford Financial Services Group . 
Investors may reap huge profits when premiums exceed claims , but they are liable to their last pound or dollar in the event of a catastrophe . 
The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . 
Affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books . 
For the nine months , Mercury posted a loss of $ 5.4 million , or 86 cents share , against net income of $ 4 million , or 63 cents share , a year earlier . 
In addition , he says , `` longer maturities on automobile and other forms of installment credit boost the stock of debt faster than the flow of repayments and the accompanying payment burden . '' 
The board said the export licenses would be issued on the condition that Canadian interests would also be allowed to bid for the Mackenzie delta gas on terms similar to those offered to U.S. customers . 
The second portion will be completed the following year . 
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago . 
But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all . 
For some banks that 10 % ceiling created problems . 
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope . 
NEW JERSEY MERGER : 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational . 
Solar-powered batteries will make the spire glow . 
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise . 
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again . 
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop . 
Congress sent to Bush a $ 2.85 billion emergency package to assist in the recovery from last week 's California earthquake and from Hurricane Hugo . 
That gives it an enviable strategic advantage , at least until its rivals catch up , but also plenty of managerial headaches . 
The issue is being sold through Freddie Mac 's 17-member securities selling group . 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.8 % last week to 1,828,000 tons from 1,843,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
Nationwide Health said it has `` numerous financing activities '' under way to remedy the problem and will make up the dividend payment later if possible . 
K mart developed the centers , which range in size from about 150,000 square feet to just over 250,000 square feet . 
Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation 's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government 's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague 's Wenceslas Square . 
Parents are too likely to blame schools for the educational limitations of their children . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Among Pacific markets , prices closed lower in Sydney , Seoul , Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore and Wellington . 
Aug. 26 , 1987 : 
No wonder . 
The company already markets a wide range of detergents , food , household and health-care products . 
No one was named to succeed Mr. Hartwell . 
Paul A. Herbig Indiana University Bloomington , Ind . 
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash . 
Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer . 
Doman is based in Duncan , British Columbia . 
Mr. Checchi 's purchase of NWA , Mr. Batchelder notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 85 % of the purchase price . 
The company , based in Twinsburg , Ohio , said its operating profit before depreciation and amortization increased 51 % , to $ 9.2 million from $ 6.1 million . 
And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines . 
Announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices . 
Town & Country Ford in Charlotte , N.C. , still needs to move about 850 1989 cars and trucks . 
-- John Drybred . 
Mitchell Energy & Development Corp. became the partner , ponying up more than half of the $ 600,000 in drilling and start-up costs . 
The Republicans contend that they can garner a majority in the 100-member Senate for a capital-gains tax cut . 
The trading pace was busy , with 4,343 issues and 147.6 million shares changing hands . 
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 . 
The offer , which did n't include the Merksamer chain , is being reviewed by Mr. Sigoloff . 
( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ) . 
Despite the criticism , Philip Morris 's corporate campaign runs little risk of getting yanked off the tube . 
DAYTON HUDSON CORP. , Minneapolis , retailer , annual sales of $ 12.2 billion , NYSE , closed seven of its 13 Bay-area Target discount stores and nine of its 20 Mervyn 's department stores because of pending reviews by structural engineers or requests from authorities , who were trying to keep shoppers off the freeways . 
Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . 
Misery Loves Company 
Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past . 
When , however , Claudio 's sister , Isabella , a novitiate in a convent , goes to Angelo to plead her brother 's case , the obdurate ruler immediately falls in love with her and , in a supreme act of hypocrisy , demands that Isabella yield up her virtue to him in exchange for her brother 's life . 
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring . 
Fletcher Challenge , a big New Zealand-based forest products concern with forestry operations in Canada , said the assets include stakes in four natural gas fields and one oil field near Provost , Alberta , plus gas processing facilities and about 247,000 acres of undeveloped land . 
Recently , they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos , countering pro-union arguments . 
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . '' 
Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . 
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice . 
Eight trading days after Oct. 12 , the day before the stock market plunge , for instance , the Nasdaq Composite had fallen 4.3 % , compared with 3.3 % for the S&P 500 , 3.5 % for the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index and 3.6 % for the industrial average . 
And it is n't the only giant issue : together , the top four issues will raise $ 1.3 billion . 
Besides British Gas , British Steel skidded 1.74 to 123.5 on turnover of 11 million shares . 
Child care was one of the many `` extraneous '' bills pulled out of the Senate 's reconciliation bill last Friday . 
Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super-fast , super-expensive chip that only the most power-hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . 
One she made into a topiary rec room , replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger , TV , piano and chairs . 
Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger , chairman of a U.S. agency on administration . 
Yesterday 's sluggish action was in marked contrast to the rearing and plunging of stock prices Tuesday after the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed . 
IT IS N'T TRUE that a 90-year old clergyman on a mission of mercy to a disaster area on Christmas Day can fly free . 
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial `` Colombia 's Brave Publisher . '' 
Same-store sales for Pizza Hut rose about 13 % , while Taco Bell 's increased 22 % , as the chain continues to benefit from its price-value strategy . 
This category now accounts for about 19 % of admits and 22 % of registrants . 
At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . 
`` I ca n't think of any reason to join Lloyd 's now , '' says Keith Whitten , a British businessman and a Lloyd 's member since 1979 . 
They talked of the aftermath . 
Lebanon 's Gen. Aoun placed Christian military forces on alert in case of renewed fighting with Syrian-backed Moslems after Lebanon 's two main Shiite militias rejected an Arab-sponsored peace accord . 
Auto shares were mixed , as Daimler-Benz firmed 2 to 723 , Bayerische Motoren Werke lost the same amount to 554 , and Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 . 
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52 . 
And he questions the White House dedication . 
And ad agencies insist that they do . 
I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them . 
But they say they ca n't make much headway because of a lack of willing leaders in a position to turn the tide . 
George Bush 's continued support of the tax dam sustains this strategy of pressuring Congress to make choices among competing priorities , rather than just saying yes to all the grateful special-interest constituencies that fill the PAC trough . 
State laws previously used as a yardstick minimum percentages of income -- usually half -- that had to be spent on the program rather than overhead , but these have been overturned by the U.S. Supreme Court . 
It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms , elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer , more free-spending era . 
GTE Corp . 
Mr. Smith is trying hard to allay the anger . 
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise , toward the unpolarizing middle . 
A recent agreement between the recording industry and electronics manufacturers requires that any digital audio tape , or DAT , recorder sold in the U.S. have a built-in device that restricts its ability to make second copies from DAT tape copies of digital compact disks . 
The company 's stock ended at $ 48.375 , up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The current campaign is just the first leg of an aggressive three-to-five-year direct marketing plan . 
And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers . 
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily . 
Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour and 15 minutes , via the Golden Gate Bridge , which connects San Francisco with the North Bay area . 
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh . 
In many of these deals , `` venture capitalists had the inside track , '' says Lawrence Bock of Avalon Ventures , La Jolla , Calif . 
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . 
`` But do n't pay 30 times earnings for a company that 's expected to grow at 15 % a year . '' 
Two major drug companies posted strong third-quarter earnings , in line with profits already reported by industry leaders and analysts ' expectations . 
But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue . 
Gerard E. Wood , 51 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company . 
In a memorandum describing the guidelines , Assistant Attorney General Edward Dennis Jr. said that government efforts to freeze defendants ' assets pending racketeering prosecutions `` have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press . '' 
Electronic gimmicks are key . 
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 . 
The small , wiry Mr. Morishita comes across as an outspoken man of the world . 
Qintex Australia owes creditors around A$ 1.2 billion . 
Advancing and declining issues finished about even . 
Says Allen D. Wheat , head of trading at Bankers Trust Co. : `` People are just plain scared . '' 
That prompted Kerr-McGee to consider moving the potentially volatile storage facilities and cross-blending operations away from town . 
As Judge Kozinski put it : `` To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print ... . 
It also raised hackles of the city 's tourism boosters . 
A number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 411 hours of the experiment did they detect a neutron burst in all three detectors -- and they think that was a spurious event . 
Third , oil prices have n't declined although supply has been increasing . 
First Interstate had a $ 214.4 million loss in 1988 's third quarter , mainly from writedowns and reserves connected with its Texas operations . 
Bonds due 2003 , 2004 and 2015 are n't being formally reoffered . 
So the administration dropped it . 
A lot of car alarms went off . 
Instead , China is likely to shell out ever-greater subsidies to its coddled state-run enterprises , which ate up $ 18 billion in bailouts last year . 
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank . 
That the motivation for the two-year reduction to 19.6 % is budgetary does not mean it is not in the public interest . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Rep. Mary Rose Oakar ( D. , Ohio ) at last week 's hearings on irregularities in programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development : 
`` There is incredible negative psychology building in the market , '' said Donna Avedisian , a vice president at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J . 
Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds . 
Such high-yield debt is similar to a zero-coupon bond in that it is sold at a discount to face value , with interest accruing instead of being paid to the holder . 
There , Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America . 
Divesting itself of what is left , as is required of all thrift institutions by July 1994 under the new federal S&L bailout law , may well prove difficult . 
The company , which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier , cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness . 
`` We proved a healthy office does n't cost more , '' says Frederic Krupp , executive director of the fund . 
Sales of rolling bearings increased 19 % to 15.7 billion kronor from 13.2 billion kronor in the corresponding period the previous year . 
Officials also suspect that traffic benefited from steps by major employers to get workers to come in at odd hours , or that many workers are still staying at home . 
For the nine months , AT&T said net income was $ 1.99 billion , or $ 1.85 a share , up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share . 
`` They 're out there promoting like crazy , trying to get prices up by promotion , '' said Roy Burry , an analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
Richard M. Greenwood , Valley National 's executive vice president , said then that the company believed the write-downs were `` adequate '' and did n't plan to increase its reserves again . 
Mr. Marmalstein adds that his company is now holding some goods in anticipation of being paid in full . 
In addition , pension funds are rarely given seats on company boards and most often try to avoid them because of legal concerns . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 827.9 million from $ 804.3 million . 
WPP , which assumes financial control of its businesses in a hands-on way , instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy 's new headquarters building to outsiders . 
Personal space ( Figure 3 ) has grown 35 % annually over the course of the decade , a performance that would compare positively with an investment in , say , synthetic-leather products for the interiors of cold-weather vehicles , which my cousin got into and sort of regrets to this day . 
The new understanding did n't just spring to life in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed . 
When Christie 's officials asked why the firm was n't picked to sell the Dorrance collection , representatives of the Dorrance family `` told us it was a question of financial considerations , '' said Michael Findlay , Christie 's head of impressionist and modern paintings . 
The Conservative government 's decision may reflect its desire to shed a politically sensitive issue well before the next election , expected in late 1991 . 
The Office of Finance of the Federal Home Loan Banks said it priced a four-part $ 2.27 billion bond offering for the banks to yield from 8.125 % to 8.375 % . 
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange . 
That level of production is n't of much concern as long as demand continues strong , analysts said . 
They are awaiting an arbitration proceeding . 
Week by week on `` Mancuso FBI '' ( NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET ) , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI . 
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 . 
But now the companies are getting into trouble because they undertook a record expansion program while they were raising prices sharply . 
Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead . 
Instead of selling bonds to meet redemptions , however , some funds have borrowed from banks to meet withdrawal requests . 
Messrs. Roberts and Stein could n't be reached for comment . 
According to individuals familiar with Mr. Antar 's case , prosecutors issued their warning this week after one of Mr. Antar 's attorneys asked whether legal fees might be subject to seizure . 
`` There will be a big influx of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment , '' Ms. Mace says . 
`` I think they 'll be able to move faster to make acquisitions in Texas , '' said Brent Erensel , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
But you know about campaign promises . 
Even print-shop operator Clay Smith of Naperville wo n't discard his old supply . 
Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions . 
Many officials are also concerned about companies getting a `` free ride '' on government-sponsored research . 
The new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 30 % of fund owners ( there are more than 54 million accounts ) started with a money fund . 
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby 's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York . 
Contact lenses , tank tops , prostitutes openly working the streets of Hollywood and the Tequila Sunrise cocktail all seem out of place in the 1950s . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
It could throw in the towel and hope to win on capital gains late this month , or it could follow the White House strategy , to veto reconciliation unless capital gains was appended . 
However , the Fed limited the revenue that banks could earn from these new underwriting activities to no more than 10 % of the revenue earned from other securities activities long open to banks , such as dealing in U.S. Treasurys . 
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market . 
Price Co. jumped 2 1\/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares . 
Separately , the Ontario Supreme Court said it will postpone indefinitely a ruling on the lawsuit launched by the University of Toronto against Connaught in connection with the Merieux bid . 
When the company this month announced lower-than-forecast sales of Easy Eggs , the stock dropped nearly 19 % . 
It is the line beyond which the press can report not only on the bankruptcy of factories but on the failures of even admirable leaders . 
Others had lesser damage and there were no injuries among workers . 
One Mobil executive said that the $ 40 million charge related to the action indicates `` a substantial '' number of people will be involved . 
Polish agriculture will need a whole private network of procurement , processing and distribution -- plus a new manufacturing industry to supply it with tractors , pesticides , fertilizers and feed . 
The head of the DEA at the time , John Ingersoll , scotched the assassination plan . 
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him . 
`` Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago . '' 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the leading Republican proponent of the tax cut , did n't disagree . 
`` Consumers appear unwilling to add to their leverage to support their spending , '' Bruce Steinberg , a Merrill Lynch economist , says . 
Weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31 . 
Nothing bravura , no arpeggios , no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer . 
The company said the redemption is permitted because the price of Addington 's stock has equaled or exceeded $ 19.60 for 20 consecutive trading days , a condition set in the terms of the debentures . 
He also said that the price wars flaring up in parts of the computer industry will continue through next year . 
So far as we can see , there is no disagreement among Mr. Baker , Mr. Quayle , the Mr. Gates we 've read , or for that matter President Bush . 
Volume totaled 14,560,000 shares . 
The operational freedom has also given Federal a leg up on archrival United Parcel Service Inc. , the nation 's largest employer of United Brotherhood of Teamsters members . 
The latest nine months included charges of $ 95 million related to the company 's South African subsidiary and unused pipe sold by its crude oil pipeline unit . 
Communist officials this month have faced nearly daily pro-democracy protests , accompanied by the flight to the West by thousands of East Germans . 
As aftershocks shook the San Francisco Bay area , rescuers searched through rubble for survivors of Tuesday 's temblor , and residents picked their way through glass-strewn streets . 
The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results . 
Michael Rosen , president of Shop Television , said Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years . 
So instead of building more efficient modern plants , utilities stick scrubbers on the old plants . 
This is not the `` Mississippi Burning '' scenario that thrills his young colleagues : `` Kid , you 've been reading Classic Comics too long , '' Mancuso says . 
On Sept. 6 , Robert Joseph Sherry , the firm 's senior vice president of employee and public relations , sold 4,000 shares , leaving himself with 1,062 shares of James River . 
`` I think the consumer has pretty well played himself out , '' said David Littman , senior economist at Manufacturers National Bank of Detroit . 
Ethicist Michael Josephson , in one of his institute 's recent publications on `` Journalism : In the Year 2000 '' : 
Cuban military personnel also have been active in Afghanistan since 1979 . 
Like the S&L mess before it , this is a problem Congress should be solving , not ignoring . 
`` My fastball is good . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Malaysia 's Banking Secrecy Act prohibited the bank from identifying delinquent borrowers , said Tan Sri Basir . 
The Soviet Union abstained from a U.N. General Assembly vote to reject Israel 's credentials . 
It was the most exercise we 'd had all morning and it was followed by our driving immediately to the nearest watering hole . 
The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill . 
In many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a dribble of cash was left for the purported beneficiaries . 
Its plan is set up as an independent agency . 
Humility Helper 
Operating profit rose 5.5 % to 332.38 billion yen from 315.12 billion yen . 
Michael L. Bandler , vice president for network technology at Pacific Bell Telephone Co. , says nearly all the network 's computer switches , which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another , changed to battery power when the city lost power . 
He rose to chief of intelligence in Panama 's socalled G-2 in 1970 after providing populist dictator Torrijos the critical support to defeat a coup attempt against him a year earlier . 
`` ESB is aware that a hostile tender offer is being made by a foreign company for all of ESB 's shares , '' said F.J. Port , ESB 's president . 
If Mr. Gorbachev 's goal is the creation of a free market , he and these Western observers have good reason to fear for his future , as economic liberalization within communist societies leads inexorably to demands for fundamental political reform accompanied by civil unrest . 
The federal government initiative follows a recent Canadian Supreme Court decision that held that the major telephone companies in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba and in the Atlantic coast provinces were interprovincial undertakings and subject to federal legislative authority . 
An estimated $ 40 million would come annually from a new $ 20,000 charge on pre-merger notifications to the Justice Department , and Securities and Exchange Commission filing fees would rise by 25 % to fund a $ 26 million increase in the agency 's budget . 
`` We had a lot of people who threw in the towel today , '' said Earl Ellis , a partner in Benjamin Jacobson & Sons , a specialist in trading UAL stock on the Big Board . 
CNW Corp. said the final step in the acquisition of the company has been completed with the merger of CNW with a subsidiary of Chicago & North Western Holdings Corp . 
He shut out the Giants on five hits in Game One , and allowed three runs on five hits in seven innings Friday after the 12-day break caused by the earthquake . 
Not so . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Continental 's logic : It does n't want business companions abusing the promotion by falsely claiming to be related . 
New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power . 
Indeed , it looked more like a pawn , a `` tall pawn , '' as spectators snidely put it . 
The 282 members had paid $ 10,000 apiece for seats . 
The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 
He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit refurbished . 
And most vacationers still prefer a warm climate for their winter excursions . 
Separately , Esselte Business Systems reported third-quarter net income fell 5.9 % to $ 9.5 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 10.1 million , or 49 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Paul H. Aloe , an attorney for Odeon owner Keith McNally , denied the allegations . 
One executive said an accord signed by the unsecured creditors of L.J. Hooker Corp. had frozen in place all of L.J. Hooker 's assets . 
But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly , many of Dr. Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title `` The Male Animal '' quite literally . 
DEC said its overseas business , which now accounts for more than half of sales , improved in the quarter . 
The Soviets have agreed to complete a treaty cutting strategic weapons without including restrictions on space-based defenses . 
The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World ( U.S. ) and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper . 
Neither Mr. Taylor nor Mr. Watson have been charged with criminal wrongdoing . 
Mr. Carver says that at a recent Dain-sponsored conference in New York , he asked Michael 's chief executive officer if the fourth quarter would be down . 
Mr. Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly atonal rhapsody for solo violin with orchestral accompaniment , meanders until the propulsive `` Agitato , fervente . '' 
The surprise resignation yesterday of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent sterling into a tailspin against the dollar by creating uncertainties about the direction of the British economy . 
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector . 
Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 . 
Why the timidity ? 
General Motors Corp. 's GMC Truck division put a $ 750 cash incentive on its 1990 full-sized Jimmy and Suburban trucks . 
But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
Officials familiar with the talks said Citicorp had discussed lowering the offer to $ 250 a share , but said that price was a talking point and that no decision has been made . 
Large cross-border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added . 
Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups . 
September , and the change from August , are : from 1.11 in the previous month . 
While Mr. Timbers explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects . 
A strategic review is fundamentally different . 
But with every step I take , I 'm building wealth . 
Under the earlier plan , Norfolk was authorized in 1987 to buy up to 20 million shares . 
Canada 's gross domestic product rose an inflation-adjusted 0.3 % in August , mainly as a result of service-industry growth , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Three-month T-bill yields have fallen to 7.8 % from about 9 % at the start of the year . 
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share . 
Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank , and the Munich-based group said it intends to stay neutral . 
Asked whether a $ 230-a-share figure circulating in the market yesterday is too low , he said , `` It 's certainly not too low . '' 
The current trough is expected to be much deeper , because Beijing has cut off domestic funds from factories for the first time to slow inflation . 
Because of the vagaries of Gramm-Rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small . 
`` We can lose money on this , '' he says . 
Overall , he says , municipal prices are `` very cheap '' and represent an `` excellent buying opportunity . '' 
Since the China crisis erupted , Mr. Mushkat says , the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces . 
By 1982 , he was selling thousands of tires . 
Mr. Corr resigned to pursue other business interests , the airline said . 
But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense . '' 
SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah . 
George Goodwin , an account manager at Royal Bank of Canada , adapted a Lotus Development Corp. program called Agenda to sort through international news wires . 
Eagle 's management retired and Biny 's management took control of the company . 
`` This is especially true for spring merchandise , '' says Jim Rindos , credit manager at Bernard Sands . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.475 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
A majority of old contracts were renegotiated by the deadline and settled at steep discounts . 
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight . 
Lodestar Group said it will make a $ 6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center 's parent , Kinder-Care Inc . 
Bonds received a bigger boost later in the day when stock prices moved broadly lower . 
Shiny Nikes , cracked cement , media glory -- the foot race of the year . 
Through a separate agreement between Peter Dauchy , president , and a group of selling shareholders , the company said , Mr. Dauchy will on Oct. 30 buy 231,405 shares from the group , boosting his stake to about 717,000 shares , or 50.7 % of the total after the buy-back . 
`` We have men who only buy their shirts and underwear here or younger customers who only buy their { job } interview suit here , '' says William Roberti , chairman and chief executive officer of Brooks Brothers . `` 
`` At the end of their day , they are zombies , '' says John Galipault , president of the Aviation Safety Institute , a public-interest group in Worthington , Ohio . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
`` No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says Zvi Yaniv , the president of Ovonic Imaging . 
I doubt that . 
UAL stock declined by 9 to 161 after nobody surfaced to claim credit for aggressive buying Tuesday by Bear Stearns that sent UAL stock up 35 points in a matter of hours . 
In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says . 
It is true that both are non-violent , but there is a fundamental difference between them . 
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but Robert Lawrence Trotter , 35 , of Kennett Square , Pa. , took his fooling seriously . 
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co . 
Gannett has 161 million shares outstanding . 
In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news . 
IMA is a group that includes First Boston Corp. and the Pritzker family of Chicago through the leveraged buy-out fund Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners . 
Milt Ahlerich Assistant Director Office of Public Affairs Federal Bureau of Investigation 
DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. , Maynard , Mass. , computer maker , annual sales of $ 12.7 billion , NYSE , had structural damage at its San Francisco sales office but no appreciable damage elsewhere in the area , including its Cupertino plant . 
`` Back in 1987-88 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . '' 
The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added . 
But David N. McCammon , vice president , finance , insisted that cost-cutting and tight production capacity will make results `` better in this downturn than in prior downturns , '' when Ford had net losses . 
The dollar 's near-term path remains foggy , according to currencny analysts , who characterize the market as `` bewildering . '' 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Union Carbide Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 35 % from a year earlier on weakness in the company 's mainstay chemicals and plastics business . 
If these conditions are met , he said , the ANC would be prepared to discuss suspending its guerrilla activities . 
Without the increase in defense bookings , September orders would have plummeted 3.9 % . 
But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . 
In the suit , the department seeks to recover $ 7.7 million in costs incurred when the government terminated its contract with Meredith Relocation and sought other contracts to replace it . 
FileNet noted that it had cash and marketable securities totaling $ 22.5 million on Sept. 30 , and stockholders ' equity is $ 60.1 million . 
He added that , while there has n't been any official announcement as yet , the Highland Valley mine strike in British Columbia , which has lasted more than three months , is regarded as settled . 
More recently , some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars . 
Dr. Blumenfeld is n't unique . 
The secretary is the world 's biggest borrower of money . 
He said he `` did n't argue with '' the company 's decision to seek his resignation because contemplating outside business ventures can distract an executive from performing his best `` at the job he is paid to do . '' 
What am I doing in Jackson Hole ? 
But we did n't know just where it was until we completed our data gathering , '' Mr. Mortimer says . 
First Fidelity said non-performing assets increased to $ 482.3 million Sept. 30 from $ 393.1 million June 30 . 
Despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring , the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests . 
Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp. -- # 100 million of 12 % bonds due June 15 , 1994 , priced at 101 5\/8 to yield 12.39 % annually less full fees , via Samuel Montagu & Co . 
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use . 
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont . 
The paper said the bricks were used to build homes and furnaces and , as a result , the wall `` is in terrible shape . 
I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding . 
Mr. Evans resigned . 
The company said the approximately $ 115 million acquisition price includes its total $ 33 million of long-term debt outstanding . 
`` There 's a whole bunch of stuff that 's money good and a whole bunch of stuff that 's not so good . '' 
Betsy Engelken asked the same question earlier this year , when her husband was about to turn 50 . 
Your coaches demand a lot more out of you even though some of them are not willing to take the time to watch you progress . 
The sales are being dragged down by a glut of 1989 vehicles , said Joel Pitcoff , a Ford analyst . 
Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs. Spadafora and Torrijos . 
Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities , and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized . 
The company closed at $ 12 a share , down 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The contributions were funded by monthly payments of $ 1,000 to $ 2,000 to Appleyard in the guise of a `` special production fee '' -- in effect , hiding the nature of the payments from the Internal Revenue Service , federal prosecutors said . 
Bell Atlantic added 148,000 new telephone lines in the quarter for a total of 16.9 million . 
Markets -- 
The amount is equal to about 30 years earnings for the average peasant , who makes $ 145 a year ... . 
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ( $ 1.88 billion ) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance . 
d - Percentage change is greater than 999 % . 
Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing . 
The August GDP was up 2.4 % from its year-earlier level . 
Friday 's correction presents `` a pretty good buying opportunity , but let 's not speculate at this point in the business cycle , '' says Carmine Grigoli , chief equity portfolio strategist at First Boston Corp . 
A year earlier sales totaled 7.567 billion francs . 
According to John Maxwell , an analyst at Wheat First Securities , Richmond , Va. , Benson & Hedges has slipped from 4.7 % of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1 % after the second quarter of this year . 
They point out that September 's producer-price index showed a 0.9 % increase . 
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center . 
Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral `` Jerry '' Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line . 
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend . 
In general , the thrust of the department 's directive is to encourage prosecutors to limit pretrial asset seizures if there are less intrusive means of protecting assets the government may subsequently be able to seize after a conviction , Mr. Runkel said . 
Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG . 
The Secaucus , N.J. , company has formed a joint venture with a distributor called La Lecheria to market a higher-fat milk targeted at Hispanic consumers . 
It may have been painted instead by a Rubens associate . 
Both were right . 
`` We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , '' says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators . 
In addition , they said that months of exposure to the chemicals has left them sensitive to a wide range of commonly used substances . 
But traders said the market lacks a base on which to set long-term buying strategy , as the future direction of U.S. interest rates remains unclear . 
In the past , not only would reputable professionals have rushed to check out such rumors with the company , but companies listed on the major stock exchanges were encouraged by the exchanges to respond openly to such inquiries from securities analysts . 
`` The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game . 
Mr. Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply-side revolutionary , however . 
The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants but , by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire and Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 . 
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity . 
The majority decision contended that the phrase was a rational interpretation of Mr. Masson 's description of himself as a `` private asset but a public liability '' to Anna Freud and that in any case it was not defamatory . 
Speculation has also arisen that the UAL executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer John Pope , may come under pressure to resign . 
Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities . 
After months of internal rumblings , Mr. Ngoc was fired last December . 
GPA is indeed talking about leasing Western planes to Aeroflot and even about buying Soviet-built Tupolev 204s . 
Two previous exorcisms have failed . 
Merrill Lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose CDs it sells , which it did n't provide in 1986 . 
To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition , and slowing the growth in research and development spending . 
They transferred some $ 28 million from the Community Development Block Grant program designated largely for low - and moderate-income projects and funneled it into such items as : -- $ 1.2 million for a performing-arts center in Newark , -- $ 1.3 million for `` job retention '' in Hawaiian sugar mills . -- $ 400,000 for a collapsing utility tunnel in Salisbury , -- $ 500,000 for `` equipment and landscaping to deter crime and aid police surveillance '' at a Michigan park . -- $ 450,000 for `` integrated urban data based in seven cities . '' No other details . -- $ 390,000 for a library and recreation center at Mackinac Island , Mich . 
Samuel Hall , Howard University 's placement director , also does n't see it . 
But London 's problems were nothing compared with the Continent 's . 
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number . 
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market . 
Managers of junk funds were bolstering their cash hoards after the September cash crunch at Campeau Corp . 
`` I do n't know where all the buses are . '' 
Unlike other companies , it has n't pin-pointed specific projects for the funds . 
We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away . 
Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems and related products for the medical-care industry . 
But there were fewer price swings than expected . 
Industry executives and analysts are divided on whether Mr. Phillips is up to the task . 
`` They 'll be looking at levels to sell the dollar , '' says James Scalfaro , a foreign-exchange marketing representative at Bank of Montreal . 
Among declining issues , a weak earnings outlook drove Groundwater Technology down 6 1\/4 to 24 . 
This kind of jumpy uncertainty reminds John Calverley , senior economist for American Express Bank , of the 1969-72 period , when the industrial average rolled through huge ranges and investors flocked to the shares of companies with proven earnings records , which became known as the `` nifty 50 . '' 
And while Polly Peck is n't jettisoning the existent top-management structure of Sansui , it is bringing in a former Toshiba Corp. executive as executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
Investment-grade corporate , municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell . 
Curdling Confession 
It is famous as the winter home of the whooping crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild America . 
But after restructuring under new management , the profits began rolling in . 
Manville , a forest and building products concern , has offered to pay the trust $ 500 million for a majority of Manville 's convertible preferred stock . 
CAE said the fixed price for the first of the AH-64 Apache combat mission simulators is C$ 19 million . 
`` Once people got into it , I was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says . 
Clairol , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp . 
In a letter to investors , Chairman Edward S. Finkelstein wrote that he expects the company to `` benefit from some of the disruption faced by our competitors . 
And while the defense secretary is speaking out , President Bush himself has n't launched any high-visibility campaign to drum up support , as President Reagan did . 
Robert Hafer , senior commodities analyst at Kaiser Financial Group , said Monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening . 
HealthVest missed an interest payment to Bank of Tokyo on Oct. 1 . 
Tass said Lenin 's tomb in Red Square will be closed from Nov. 10 to Jan. 15 for essential maintenance . 
Among other things , Mr. Bologna said that the sale will facilitate Gen-Probe 's marketing of a diagnostic test for acquired immune deficiency syndrome , or AIDS . 
The plans include a subway system , a congress center , floating trees , fanciful fountains -- and as many as 60,000 additional tourists a day . 
Ramada Inc. revised the terms of its restructuring and extended to Feb. 28 , 1990 , the deadline to complete the sale of its hotel business to New World Development Co. of Hong Kong and Prime Motor Inns Inc. of Fairfield , N.J . 
But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . 
That includes all the gas consumed in Ontario and Quebec , along with the bulk of Canadian gas exports to the 
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems . 
( Jaguar 's ADRs make the company one of the most widely held United Kingdom stocks in the U.S. , with more than one-fourth of its shares owned there . ) 
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen . 
Robert M. Gintel , senior partner of a Greenwich , Conn. , investment firm , said he plans to launch a proxy fight against the board of Boston-based Xtra Corp . 
Credit Suisse Finance Gibraltar Ltd . ( Swiss parent ) -- 100 billion lire of 12 5\/8 % bonds due June 30 , 1993 , priced at 101.45 to yield 12.75 % less full fees , via Banca Nazionale del Lavaro . 
Some dealers note that while the third-quarter figures may appear relatively bullish -- the market consensus calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate , unchanged from the second-quarter rate -- it would take a significantly stronger figure to alter market perceptions that the economy is softening . 
And it is how African-Americans and other minority groups were guaranteed their equal rights as citizens in this nation . 
`` On balance , we think it will be positive . '' 
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . '' 
`` I wish they were around 24 hours a day . '' 
At the core of all this stands a hotel . 
The move , which injects capital into the system , is seen as an effort to reassure the finanicial markets that the U.S. central bank is ready to provide the ample liquidity . 
`` They seem to like these industrial parks , '' says Kacy McClelland , a postal inspector who specializes in mail fraud . 
On almost every other farm in South Africa , black workers do the repairs . 
The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions . 
Among active stocks , MCI Communications rose 7\/8 to 43 on 2.2 million shares , Mentor Graphics added 1\/8 to 16 3\/8 on turnover of 1.5 million shares . 
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say they have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead . 
He says the problems on European exchanges included market-system breakdowns , delayed execution of buy and sell orders and trading suspensions . 
`` We were n't as concerned until they became sell programs , '' says Mr. DaPuzzo , who now thinks it adds unnecessary volatility . 
Apart from those two actions , Mr. Sikes and the three other commissioners said they expect to re-examine how AT&T is regulated since competition has increased . 
Barry R. Ostrager , an attorney for Travelers , said , `` there are procedural bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter . 
In addition , power failures prevented its package-sorting facilities from operating , causing delays . 
That has n't deterred plenty of companies . 
But why should an iffy $ 6.79 billion leveraged buy-out deal shake the foundations of the entire stock market ? 
No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him . 
This modification , apparently , would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions . 
A soluble form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune suppression , the company said . 
`` It 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , '' he says . 
For the nine months , the insurance company said net fell 46 % to $ 88.8 million , or $ 1.54 a share , from $ 164 million , or $ 3.16 a share , the previous year . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
`` We had just finished phase two '' of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock , a state DOT engineer said . 
Upon privatization , National Power will be responsible for 70 % of the country 's power generating business . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
But if it survives , it could prompt other statutory changes , according to the Mr. Burr . 
Besides Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC , Reed International PLC and Granada Group PLC . 
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 . 
George Putnam III , editor of Turnaround Letter in Boston , offers one final tip for recession-wary investors . 
Mr. Sawyer began running the company on an interim basis in late September . 
The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home . 
Munching pizza when they could and yelling until their voices gave out , the two Benjamin Jacobson specialists at the Big Board 's UAL trading post yesterday presided over what can only be described as a financial free-for-all . 
`` I 'm the guy who made him head of New York , head of the U.S. , president of North America , and recommended him { to Mr. Sorrell } as my successor . 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said . 
She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle 's cause , accepting great financial sacrifice and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France . 
To some mothers , the expected FDA action is a poignant reminder of what might have been . 
Because Justice Rubin turned 76 on May 9 , he is n't eligible to be reappointed to the bench at the end of the year . 
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West 's third-quarter profit . 
`` Latin Americans see Canada as a non-interventionist power that respects their sovereignty , '' he said . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.42 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened 0.03 percentage point to 1.48 . 
Such selling could erode prices of high-yield junk bonds , already weakened by a rash of corporate credit problems . 
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed . 
The spirits business `` would require substantial additional investment to enable it to compete effectively in the first division of global players . '' 
Taking into account nonrecurring gains and losses , Hachette 's group net income for the first six months of this year totaled 246.6 million francs , practically double the year-earlier figure of 124.5 million francs . 
A Mesa official confirmed receipt of the offer and said directors would meet to consider it . 
He also reaffirmed East Germany 's allegiance to Communist orthodoxy . 
In the Gulf of Mexico , a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $ 3,000 a day , up nearly 60 % since June . 
They doled it out using the existing formula , however , which meant that even those countries that could n't produce more received higher official allotments . 
Its neighbor , the De Young Museum , totaled $ 3 million to $ 5 million in structural damage and shattered sculpture . 
The government said consumer prices rose only 0.2 % last month . 
Her father , William Rosenthal , designed the then-dress making company 's first bra in the 1920s , which he said gave women a `` maiden form '' compared with the `` boyish form '' they got from the `` flat bandages '' used for support at the time . 
But there may be less there than meets the eye . 
Revenue for the year fell 13 % to $ 122.7 million . 
That target has been revised to 30 % by the year 2000 . 
Wall Street is just about ready to line the bird cage with paper stocks . 
Another major electronics problem faces Mr. Thompson -- the creation of a 24-hour trading system that can be used outside normal trading hours . 
Different tactics are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher . 
But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said . 
And 81 % preferred a group practice or health maintenance organization , while just 11 % favored solo practice . 
Because the biggest growth in menswear is in casual sportswear , Brooks Brothers is chasing more of that business . 
The current transaction cost the bank approximately $ 140 million . 
His resignation follows a hostile takeover of the ad agency in May by WPP of Britain . 
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way . 
In the aftermath of the Beijing massacre on June 4 , economists advanced wildly divergent views on how Hong Kong would be affected . 
The question of segregated schools , in Brown vs. Board of Education , was such an issue . 
In the period just ended , computers accounted for 44 % of total sales , NEC said , and electrical devices made up 23 % . 
That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May . 
Chrysler will idle a Toledo assembly plant temporarily due to slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles . 
CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too . 
AEG and Siemens each will hold a 50 % stake in the venture . 
The state has endorsed the New England Electric plan , which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
The Second Section index , which fell 21.44 points Monday , was up 6.84 points , or 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 . 
But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets . 
That they retain Korean citizenship and ties is a reflection of history -- their parents were shipped in as laborers during the decades when Japan occupied Korea before World War II -- and the discrimination that still faces Koreans in Japanese society . 
In fact , we have agents assigned full time to assist the MPD in drug-related crimes such as homicide and other crimes of violence . 
Mr. Decker 's resignation surprised many industry officials . 
Though imports were troublesome , they were n't running away with the market , and American companies had high hopes that steel import quotas would be extended for another five years . 
Analysts say that the selling of cyclical stocks yesterday will be followed by a sell-off in shares of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets . 
A cake topped with a replica of the center will be auctioned at an AIDS benefit at Sotheby 's in December . 
HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans . 
According to Mr. Laband , `` screaming '' for price controls occurs when income redistribution `` threatens to hit home . '' 
Another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas . 
Coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free Classic for a year , a company spokesman said . 
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy-out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks . 
Oil Spill Case Shows Liability Fund Flaws 
Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the Hiroshima government office . 
But it is n't clear why that should be so . 
We would even save on freight . '' 
Even if the new Stanza succeeds , Nissan will remain behind in the subcompact segment , where its Sentra does n't measure up to the Honda Civic and Toyota Corolla . 
In that case , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not suffer financially , but they would be left without their dream job of running a studio and with a considerably scarred relationship with Warner . 
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary . 
`` This is the first of many rumors we expect to hear during the sale 's process , '' said a Bloomingdale 's spokesman . 
I wish them all the best ! '' 
It attracts people with funny hair ( or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his ) . 
Outplacement consultant Right Associates says the average pay of its clients fell to $ 66,743 last year from $ 70,765 in 1987 ; severance pay dropped to 25 weeks from 29 . 
Mr. Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains . 
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old . 
It also said the cash portion of the transaction would be financed with StatesWest 's own cash and short-term investments , plus debt and other financing arranged through Hibbard Brown & Co. , the company 's investment banker . 
Mr. Siegel asked Mr. Freeman who his source was and , on hearing that it was Bunny Lasker , responded : `` Well , your bunny has a good nose . '' 
He thinks that progress in cooperation can be made in areas where no vested interests have built up . 
Control Data mainframes are designed for numerically intensive computing users , such as the scientific , engineering and academic communities . 
Indeed , BellSouth 's cellular operations were among the first in the country to become profitable . 
( Roussel reportedly has every pill marked and accounted for to make sure none slips into the black market . ) 
If Mr. Krenz sticks to rigid policies the pressure from the Soviet Union could intensify . 
But even though NATO negotiators have only 10 months left under the Bush timetable , they are still wrestling over such seemingly fundamental questions as `` What is a tank ? '' 
Revco D.S. Inc. , the drugstore chain that filed for bankruptcy-court protection last year , received a $ 925 million offer from a group led by Texas billionaire Robert Bass . 
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector . 
Thieves stole a 12th century fresco from an abandoned church in Camerino , Italy , by removing the entire wall on which the work had been painted , police said ... . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents . 
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years . 
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories . 
Though spending for Iowa and Oregon was far less , their increases above Pentagon requests -- 640 % and 430 % , respectively -- were much greater because of the influence of Republicans at critical junctures . 
Spending by Japanese households averaged 290,782 yen ( $ 2,052.10 ) in August . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Lyondell was unchanged at $ 18.50 a share . 
`` If you want to cut through the clutter , you have to make your message as distinct , sharp and individual as possible . 
The FDIC said it has issued five citations to banks over the past three years for discriminatory practices . 
He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets . 
When Angelo hears that the young man Claudio has made his fiancee pregnant before he could marry her , Angelo summarily condemns Claudio to death . 
He left a message accusing Mr. Darman of selling out . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % . 
In addition , neurologists were beginning to report these observations as well . 
There ca n't be an older baseball fan alive who does n't clearly remember that Bobby Thomson homer , who ca n't tell you where he was when he heard the famous Russ Hodges radio broadcast -- the one that concluded with Mr. Hodges shouting , over and over , `` The Giants win the pennant , the Giants win the pennant ! '' 
Demand is so strong that all of the domestic makers -- Hyundai , Kia Motors Corp. , Daewoo Motor Co. and even upstart SsangYong Motor Co. -- plan to build more factories . 
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
Grimm counted 16 transactions valued at $ 1 billion or more in the latest period , twice as many as a year earlier . 
Mr. Gonzalez expressed concern over a report that the two had been summoned to Washington by Mr. Wall last week to discuss their testimony in advance . 
In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev . 
And , if still conscious at the evening 's end , you notice something else : The audience , at first entranced and hypnotized by the music , releases its pent-up feelings in collective gratitude . 
`` It 's very worrying that these markets ca n't cope . '' 
However , he noted that steel mill bookings are up from early summer levels , and that he expects the company to improve its cost performance in the fourth quarter . 
Sears said its U.S. stores had a loss of $ 6.9 million , their first deficit for the period in more than five years . 
People had died . 
It 's tempting to think these defensive steps can be delayed until a recession is clearly at hand . 
Congress may have lost any sense of discipline , but that does n't mean the country must learn to live forever with this mess . 
Coniston Partners , which with related entities controls 80 % of TW , had been planning to sell $ 1.15 billion of junk bonds , among other things to finance their acquisition of the remaining public shares . 
That would be a blow to both Paribas and Navigation Mixte . 
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s . 
As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer , I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory ( named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth 's atmosphere ) and the Montreal Protocol . 
The concern grows out of increased efforts by the insurers to woo the small-business market . 
Of course , this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called `` constituent service '' by Members , while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled `` influence peddling . '' 
Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . 
New America High Income Fund recently said that it plans to reduce its leverage position by buying back $ 5 million in preferred stock and notes from investors . 
He added that , after an initial surge triggered by an advertising blitz in March , Sears expected that the pricing program would n't have any effect on revenue . 
Because they want a truck that is `` Texas tough , '' the commercial concludes , `` Texans drive Chevy . '' 
Since the first fraud was discovered in July 1986 at an office of the People 's Bank of China in Shenzhen , 15 major cases have been found , the paper said ; the biggest was the theft of $ 235,000 from a bank in Chengdu in March 1988 . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Corry , once named chief executive , did n't waste any time distancing himself from his former boss , who still has an office on the 62nd floor of the USX tower in Pittsburgh . 
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 
On the other hand , Nissan 's sales goals for Infiniti are modest compared with Toyota 's targets for Lexus . 
The estimate includes the results of new stores . 
The final package is expected to be announced within the next week . 
Fortunately , the quake was over before I managed to run out and stand naked on the hood . 
The upgrade reflected the 20 % decline in shares of the bank since the firm lowered its rating in early October , based on the belief the stock had become expensive . 
Individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology . 
So he has arranged for a university foundation to set up a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students . 
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe . 
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report . 
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras . 
There are two versions of `` Measure for Measure '' on stage at the Alley Theater here . 
This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block . 
Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way . 
The S&L bailout could cost $ 300 billion , computing interest on the government 's loans . 
It 's not an effort to steal the company '' in the middle of the night . 
By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago , Monetta was 55 % in cash , said Robert Bacarella , president and portfolio manager . 
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
As of Aug. 31 , thrifts held $ 185 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard , Mr. Paluck said , adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers . 
In the 1988 quarter , the bank earned $ 1.1 million . 
Scenario 1 , known as the `` Constant Dollar Freeze , '' reimburses the Pentagon for inflation only -- it slopes upward at 4 % per year . 
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . '' 
This year , the nation 's largest steelmaker reactivated its overseas sales operation . 
All agencies are New York-based . 
Heady stuff it 's not . 
When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries `` Favorite Son . '' 
The newspaper said it is past time for the Soviet Union to create unemployment insurance and retraining programs like those of the West . 
Batch processing is the high-volume , single-job data processing that most mainframes typically chug through at night , such as updating accounts at banks . 
Daiwa is one of the world 's largest securities firms . 
Among other actual and rumored targets , Woolworth rose 1 1\/4 to 60 1\/2 , Upjohn went up 1 1\/8 to 39 3\/4 , Armstrong World Industries gained 1 to 40 1\/8 and Kollmorgen rose 3\/4 to 13 7\/8 . 
The airports in San Jose and Oakland were both fully operational by noon yesterday , the Federal Aviation Administration said . 
Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market . 
In any event , Ms. Gruberova barely ventilated Violetta 's anguish in her long meeting with Wolfgang Brendel , who as Germont seemed fairly desperate trying to inject an Italianate lilt into his heavy , teutonic baritone . 
The dollar soared against the pound , which was at $ 1.5765 compared with $ 1.6145 Wednesday . 
( Airlines are n't lowering fares to Northern California following this week 's earthquake , but reservation agents can waive advance-purchase restrictions on discount fares for emergency trips . ) 
Completion of the acquisition is subject to execution of a definitive agreement , approval by all three companies ' boards and the approval of Applied Solar 's shareholders . 
They mimic the brain by `` looking '' at an image , extracting the fundamentals -- boundaries , corners and lines -- and translating them into computer data . 
As Mr. Dougherty says , `` The last thing they need is enormous disruption at the top ... and Graham is obviously a long-term member of the Ogilvy Mafia , as we call it . '' 
The government of President F.W. de Klerk is using this situation to improve its international image and head off further economic sanctions . 
For Zel Herring , owner and a cook at the Sandhills Luncheon Cafe , a tin building in midtown , all this has made for a very good year . 
The U.S. Attorney 's office filed a criminal complaint against six bank employees charging them with conspiracy in the scheme , which apparently was capable of handling millions of dollars a week by funneling cash through fictitious bank accounts . 
East Rock Partners Limited Partnership said it proposed to acquire A.P. Green Industries Inc. for $ 40 a share . 
The latest period includes 14 months instead of 12 because Bear Stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in June instead of April . 
-- Bruce Kafaroff . 
Erich Krampe , president of the U.S. sales arm of West German auto maker Daimler Benz AG , predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 840,000 in 1990 from 830,000 this year primarily because of the new Japanese makes . 
After plummeting 1.8 % at one point during the day , the composite rebounded a little , but finished down 5.52 , at 461.70 . 
But while analysts say that municipal bonds still offer good value , you would n't know it by the way institutional investors are rushing to dump their holdings . 
Mr. Greenspan 's decision to keep quiet also prompted a near-mutiny within the Fed 's ranks . 
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38 . 
Arkla said it will report $ 179 milllion in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter , reflecting settlement of certain natural gas contracts . 
The Berlin Wall still stands . 
This same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting U.S. congressmen this spring . 
And prosecutors declined to comment . 
The 190-point plunge in the stock market Oct. 13 has heightened concerns about volatility . 
`` When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group . 
From the perspective of East Germany 's old guard , reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit , acquired last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 . 
The pound immediately began to take a buffetting after the resignations were announced . 
China 's last big import binge sent reserves tumbling to $ 10.6 billion in June 1985 from $ 16.6 billion the previous September . 
They said Howell is particularly successful there because of its membership cooperation with local unions . 
Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , the parent of the auction house Sotheby 's , said its net loss for the seasonally slow third quarter narrowed from a year earlier on a leap in operating revenue . 
Seasonal Stackup 
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase . 
A spokesman cited a `` technical error '' and declined to elaborate . 
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend . 
He said Bancroft attorneys are scheduled to meet with Mr. Green 's attorneys in Delaware Chancery Court at the end of this week to respond to the investor 's request for company records for the past five years . 
While Polish data have been freely available since 1980 , it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information . 
`` I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century , '' he says . 
The index has a base of 100 set in 1980 and is n't seasonally adjusted . 
It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System , and the informed public generally , as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability . 
Retail sales are plummeting , while consumer prices still are rising . 
The wage stickiness , which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain , gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation . 
a nun raising some lovable orphans . 
Even though the announcement was true in the end , it was issued without the senator 's permission . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
But Mr. Keller said that , if computers can be integrated into the process , they could alert an operator as soon as the problem occurred . 
Over the past two years , the Fed has given a handful of banks ' securities affiliates permission to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate , asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms . 
Often these closings come after vigorous anti-bike lobbying by conservation organizations , the politically potent Sierra Club among them . 
Not that the language war is won , even on `` Batibot . '' 
Rep. Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D . ) has introduced a bill in Congress , co-sponsored by Rep. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) , that would put the treasury secretary back on the board . 
He also expects the performance of municipals to lag Treasurys as California is forced to issue new debt over time to repair public facilities . 
The programs will run on the cable network the Sunday evening immediately prior to the release of the special issue of U.S. News & World Report . 
Four workers at GTE Corp. 's headquarters have been diagnosed as having hepatitis , and city health officials are investigating whether a cafeteria worker may have exposed hundreds of other GTE employees to the viral infection , company and city officials said . 
One apparent side effect is a minor increase in a brain hormone . 
Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance . 
On Sept. 14 , Harvard began circulating a conflict-of-interest policy statement that , in effect , would follow the NIH guidelines faithfully . 
JURY CONVICTS congressman in connection with Wedtech Corp. scandal . 
In the series , Virgil Tibbs ( Howard Rollins ) and his wife , Althea ( Anne-Marie Johnson ) have settled in Sparta , Miss . 
The harvest arrives in plenty after last year 's drought-ravaged effort : The government estimates corn output at 7.45 billion bushels , up 51 % from last fall . 
But in 1986 , the badges and the `` do n't speak out of turn '' rule were abolished -- early steps in a cultural revolution still rolling on with all the subtlety of a freight train . 
`` We were able to get advertisers to use their promotion budget for this , because they get a chance to do couponing , '' says Ms. Seaman . 
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . 
Seeking to overcome the currency problems , Mr. Giffen 's American Trade Consortium , which comprises Chevron Corp. , RJR , Johnson & Johnson , Eastman Kodak Co. , and Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , has concocted an elaborate scheme to share out dollar earnings , largely from the revenues of a planned Chevron oil project . 
Despite such famous tenants as oil magnate John D. Rockefeller , Lake View Cemetery has fallen on hard times . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
Biggest trouble was scared family who could n't get a phone line through , and spent a really horrible hour not knowing . 
Mr. Jobs said the changes were prompted by requests from customers who are frustrated with the performance of the optical device , which is n't offered as standard equipment by any rivals . 
Everyone looked calm , but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershocks continued . 
`` Those devices do n't give sufficient certainty to our bosses in Japan , '' says Yasuo Nakamura , representative of the Industrial Bank of Japan . 
Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts . 
Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell-off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . 
The World Psychiatric Association voted at an Athens parley to conditionally readmit the Soviet Union . 
Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did more than 60 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand . 
Parsow Partnership Ltd. and Elkhorn Partners L.P. said they may seek proposals from third parties relating to a sale or restructuring of CACI International Inc . 
But several weeks ago , in the wake of the Beijing killings , the loan was canceled , according to bankers and executives close to the project . 
Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 45 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses . 
Cineplex shareholders responded coolly to yesterday 's announcement . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange has vested interests '' in its big member securities firms `` that cloud its objectivity , '' Mr. Timbers said . 
$ 588,350,000 . 
In the director post , Mr. Brown , 38 years old , succeeds Joseph W. Hibben , who retired from the board in August . 
Serial certificates yield to 7.10 % in 2004 . 
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds . 
On a demonstration board , emcee Shelby Lyman showed a quick kill initiated by a knight sacrifice ; no spectator refuted this line of play . 
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness . 
In the aforementioned episode of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle . 
Despite the number of fans that office massage has won , some purists look down on it , arguing that naked , full-body rubs are the only way to go . 
Digital Equipment gained 1 3\/8 to 89 3\/4 despite reporting earnings for the September quarter that were on the low end of expectations . 
Initial steps were taken at Poland 's first international environmental conference , which I attended last month . 
The officials said this meeting `` put in motion '' procedural steps that would speed up both of these functions , but that no specific decisions were taken on either matter . 
The base metal price has dropped 30.3 % from a year earlier to 78 cents a pound . 
The company named Dillon Read & Co. as its exclusive agent for the stock buy-back program . 
Mrs. Stinnett says she never believed in ghosts before , but lately her vacuum cleaner turned itself on , a telephone flew off its stand , doors slammed inexplicably , and she heard footsteps in her empty kitchen . 
That 's how the stock-picking game is shaping up for the months ahead , according to money managers and a few brokers . 
Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel . 
Funds that invest internationally were the top-performing stock and fixed-income funds . 
Mr. Kennedy failed to get his amendment incorporated into last year 's anti-drug legislation , and it will be severely attacked on the Senate floor this time around . 
For the year , it had a net loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million . 
Dunkin ' Donuts ' announcement followed DD Acquisition 's request to the Delaware Court of Chancery Monday to set a trial date for its suit against the company . 
It was horrible . 
It assessed nearly $ 500,000 against a cruise-ship company that carried about 100 deckhands , cooks , bartenders , entertainers and other employees as self-employed independents . 
The decision is a setback for President Bush , who needs the support of Democrats to pass the tax cut through the Democratic-controlled Senate . 
Two hunters in the forest . 
Anti-abortion forces regard him as at best an uncertain ally . 
U.S. official reserve assets rose $ 6.05 billion in September , to $ 68.42 billion , the Treasury Department said . 
Four of the planes were purchased by International Lease from Singapore Airlines in a previously announced transaction . 
How interestingly clever of Robert Goldberg to use the form of pretend advocacy journalism to explain his perception of `` Days of Rage '' in his television critique ( Leisure & Arts , Sept 11 ) . 
The federal funds would go to a range of programs , including the Federal Emergency Management Agency , highway construction accounts and the Small Business Administration , according to Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Seabrook officials said the plant could receive a full-power license by the end of the year . 
Brokerage houses are sweet on H&R Block , too . 
Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . '' 
Later , he recalls the words of his Marxist mentor : `` The people ! Theft ! The holy fire ! '' 
Municipals 
Slightly more , like Leslie Sherren , a law librarian in San Francisco who attends dance aerobics five times a week , exercise to relieve stress . 
Big indexer Bankers Trust Co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund 's returns . 
British Airways dropped out of the current bidding for United Air 's parent , leaving a UAL management-pilots group without a key partner . 
Jaguar has been discussing an alliance with GM , but Ford 's move may derail the talks . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. shareholders approved a 1-for-10 consolidation of the company 's common stock at a special meeting . 
This policy is totally mindless , and Sir Alan is correct to point out its deficiencies . 
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets . 
Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest . 
Thanks largely to the continued growth of the U.S. economy , the poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 1983 peak of 15.3 % , but the improvements have been modest in the past couple of years . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Two former secretaries told the grand jury they were summoned to the judge 's chambers on separate occasions to take dictation , only to find the judge in his bikini underwear . 
Running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother . 
Carat will receive its WCRS stake as part of payment for the 50 % Carat stake that WCRS is buying , while Eurocom said it expects to pay about # 32 million for its WCRS stake . 
Revco 's chairman and chief executive officer , Boake A. Sells , said both the company and the bondholders have put forth reorganization plans , but little progress has been made since negotiations began this summer . 
First Wachovia Corp. said John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries on Dec. 31 . 
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
Rodrigo Miranda , a local lawyer and human-rights monitor , recalls an intoxicated Noriega visiting prisoners in their cells at the 5th Zone Garrison headquarters in David , where he had his offices . 
Many big Wall Street brokerage firms who eliminated their research effort in stocks of emerging growth companies a few years ago are now resuming coverage of this area , he notes . 
He argues that the dollar is now `` moving sideways , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . '' 
Business : Airline 
The report takes a more alarmed view of AIDS and recommends a more sweeping response than many other analyses . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
Dollar : 141.45 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8355 marks , off 0.0115 . 
As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions . 
So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols . 
Although Mr. Azoff wo n't produce films at first , it is possible that he could do so later , the sources said . 
But `` safe , '' in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project , means `` there 's been no evidence so far of mortality . '' 
`` Those who have left have expressed an opinion that the strike force should continue , '' Ms. Brevetti says . 
Dragging Prop. 13 into this story is a pretty long stretch . 
Sometimes , the ads attempt to raise money ; always , they try to boost good will . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
They are still being sold , but more and more often as `` direct investments '' -- with all the same risks they had under the old label . 
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % . 
In its latest annual report , Lilly said Humulin sales have shown `` excellent growth . '' 
Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . 
`` It 's a big-risk business , '' warns Charles C. Mihalek , a Lexington attorney and former Kentucky state securities commissioner . 
Microsoft previously indicated it would have a strong quarter by forecasting its revenue gain on Oct. 4 , causing a $ 6.50 a share jump in its stock . 
He said the decision was the first in which a federal appeals court has ruled whether administrative government proceedings qualify as litigation . 
Trotting out a much-beloved Streetspeak term , New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only `` a major technical correction . '' 
Issues discussed in this context were an increase in the minimum wage and an increase in child-care spending . 
And even when specific projects are described in prospectuses , the money often is used elsewhere , according to analysts . 
Prudential 's Final Four 
Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated . 
Across the country , resorts are using everything from fireworks to classical-music concerts to attract new customers . 
His attorney could n't be reached for comment . 
So far this year , it has put nearly $ 700 million into bottling operations in Australia , New Zealand and France . 
Sen. Specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial committee that heard evidence in the Hastings case last summer . 
But do n't do anything rash . 
Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % but profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat . 
San Franciscans have a much higher incidence of audits than average because more of them score high under that formula , not because IRS agents envy their life styles . 
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million . 
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman . 
Consultant John Keller of Southlake , Texas , urges that top management adopt a `` tough hands-on approach '' with very tight controls and monitoring . 
President Bush has been hearing this kind of opposition first hand during meetings over the past two days with Democratic senators at the White House . 
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended . 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
`` The less they know , the easier it is for us . 
The adjacent tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 50,000 shares existed as of Oct. 13 or in which there was a short position change of at least 25,000 shares since Sept. 15 ( see accompanying tables -- WSJ Oct. 25 , 1989 ) . 
I think that I 'm elected to represent the people that sent me here . 
But the government did n't step in until six months ago , when thrift officials put Lincoln into conservatorship -- the day after American Continental filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection from creditors . 
For its part , NIH insists that its guidelines `` should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory to commercial use . '' 
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd . 
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills . 
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
His estimate of 3.3 % for third-quarter GNP is higher than the consensus largely because he believes current inventories are n't as low as official figures indicate . 
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said . 
TILT FUNDS : 
They let me down when the Japanese came down { during World War II } ... . 
No way . 
The Democratic lawmaker fits a pattern of younger reformers arising out of old machines , but his ties to Camden remain a sore point because of the county 's past corruption . 
Fuel costs were up 10 % in the third quarter . 
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories . 
Get the problem behind you and do n't look back , '' said James J. McDermott , analyst at Keefe , Bruyette & Woods , in approving of the move . 
That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe . 
All the more so when strong voices are heard opposing the policy . 
Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation 's Moslems a greater role in Beirut 's government . 
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . 
The plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected Sunday by Aoun , includes political changes aimed at ending the 14-year-old civil war . 
In any case , they avoid having to write off the loans . 
Prospective bond buyers noted that TW historically has prospered because it has been willing to spend aggressively on remodeling restaurants and redoing menus . 
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company . 
In a management restructuring , Thomas L. Ringer resigned as chairman , chief executive and a director , while Israel Sheinberg resigned as a director . 
Petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , Unocal said . 
Nearby , five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools , having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses . 
`` Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast . '' 
The Treasury said it plans to sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash-management bills today , raising all new cash . 
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ? 
But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions , and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors . 
While the agency has done well in many parts of the world , its flagship New York office has had a dismal track record recently ; it has won few new accounts while losing big ones , including Maxwell House . 
( Remember the Dalkon Shield and the early birth-control pills ? ) 
Rather than printing devils , Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market . 
Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia . 
Dealers , however , said forecasts are broadly divergent with estimates ranging between # 1 billion and # 2 billion . 
`` I think it 's fairly clear { Mr. Keating } knew , '' that regulators were set to seize Lincoln , Mr. Seidman said . 
Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 5 % five years ago . 
Mr. Pozen is the general counsel and a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston . 
`` It does n't bode well for coming quarters , '' said John Jacobson , who follows the steel industry for AUS Consultants . 
If it is a case in which the client seeks punitive damages , for example , depressed , underemployed people are far more likely to grant them . 
One fan , seated several rows in front of the open , upper-deck auxiliary press section where I was stationed , faced the assembled newsies and laughingly shouted , `` We arranged that just for you guys ! '' 
Thus , farmer Johan Fischer , his T-shirt and jeans covered in grease , crawls around under his planter , tightening bolts and fixing dents . 
If the Legislature does n't repeal the law , due for revision in 1990 , Mr. Jones says Humana may move its insurance operations , including 3,000 jobs in Louisville , to another state . 
Analysts say USAir has great promise . 
I do n't want to see some guidelines change that 's going to inhibit my city 's opportunity to use its money . 
In other words , it was a better-than-average Manhattan commute . 
Separately , for the first nine months , Soo Line reported a loss of $ 398,000 , or four cents a share , compared with net income of $ 12.5 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier . 
Each of the four parties bidding for PS of New Hampshire proposes a complex financial package to satisfy creditors and shareholders and also proposes a formula to limit rate increases to satisfy the state . 
That means simple , clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction , deferring more complex issues such as risk . 
A volatile , unofficial `` gray '' market in the shares has been operating in Paris for about two weeks . 
But no matter how much Japan gets under our skin , we 'll still have mom and apple pie . 
If corporate bonds are bad in recessions , junk bonds are likely to be the worst of all . 
Enforcers ca n't put charities out of business simply because they spend the lion 's share of their income on fund raising . 
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks . 
He later resigned from his executive positions with Enfield , saying that actions by its board `` amounted to { my } dismissal . '' 
Los Angeles financier Marvin Davis , who put United in play with a $ 5.4 billion bid two months ago , last night proffered both a ray of hope and an extra element of uncertainty by saying he remains interested in acquiring UAL . 
`` That 's the most important experience I 've had with any teacher , '' he says , `` because she taught me how to listen . 
The agency said Polish Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki told Iranian Deputy Foreign Minister Mahmoud Vaezi of Poland 's willingess to purchase the gas during Mr. Vaezi 's current visit to Warsaw . 
September orders for all U.S. producers , in fact , were slightly above the monthly average for 1988 , a good year for the industry . 
Titled `` Comments From Students , '' it focuses on the real shame of college sports : what happens to young athletes once they enter academe . 
Mr. Templeton bought his shares in several separate purchases between Aug. 30 and Sept. 28 , according to reports with the SEC . 
But it 's more like an illustration of what Ben Stein describes in his study of social attitudes in the TV industry : `` Fear of violence and animosity ... because of race or religion , fear and lack of comprehension about the politics of small-town people ... produce a powerful wave of dislike of small towns in the minds of TV writers and producers . '' 
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices . 
Mrs. Thatcher `` does n't like taking orders from foreigners , '' says Tim Congdon , economist with Gerrard & National Holding PLC . 
Labatt 's has no takeover bids outstanding currently , he said . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline . 
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
Among his favorites in his firm 's index are Legent , Silicon Graphics and Novell . 
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place . 
The Aga Khan owns 10 % of Ifint 's capital , while IFI owns 23 % . 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
The August gap was expected to have expanded to $ 9.1 billion . 
In the late 1960s some CPAs failed to correct such abuses as clients picking permissive rules that hyped earnings and stock prices . 
The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs . 
But he warns that banks will have `` to have enough discipline '' not to make loans that are too risky . 
Are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge ? 
`` There is n't any doubt that the thread of the '86 code has been given a mighty tug , '' says Rep. Thomas Downey ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
After years of experimenting , Mr. Chan produced a heavy-duty bicycle tire that outlasted its state-produced rival . 
He said his suit against Enfield seeks two years severance pay , equivalent to C$ 720,000 . 
Their relationship with Mr. Sugarman soured shortly thereafter . 
A major chunk of the $ 2 billion is expected to be eaten up by overtime for city workers deployed in the emergency , said a spokesman for Mr. Agnos . 
Stoneridge Resources Inc. said it will begin an offering of rights equivalent to 2.6 million common shares and valued at $ 22,750,000 . 
In Chicago , a UAL spokesman , `` by way of policy , '' declined to comment on the company 's stock or the specialists ' performance . 
`` We 're picking up steam , '' insists Roger Ailes , Mr. Giuliani 's media consultant , whose last big campaign helped put George Bush in the White House . 
The electronics-instruments maker is to be acquired by Asset Management Associates for $ 7.25 a share . 
Both firms are in New York . 
In East Berlin , Communist Party officials considered legalizing New Forum , the country 's largest opposition alliance , as about 20,000 demonstrators staged protests in three cities to press demands for democratic freedoms . 
By Wednesday , frustrated Belgian brokers reopened the market by using the time-honored method of quoting stocks with chalk on a blackboard . 
`` This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , '' he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop . 
Analysts said the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa broke the pall that settled over the takeover business for the past three weeks in the wake of the collapsed UAL Corp . buy-out . 
In a less glamorous field , Akzo is the world 's biggest producer of industrial salt , used as a raw material for the chemical industry as well as for such tasks as melting ice . 
Granges Inc. , citing depressed gold prices , said it plans to suspend operations for an indefinite period at its Tartan gold mine in Manitoba . 
That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way . 
When it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 150 a share , down more than $ 28 from Monday 's close . 
SUGAR : 
Thus , the `` shadow '' jury was born . 
The defendants could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
These proposals include changing the term of the chairman , shortening the terms of the members , eliminating the presidents of the Federal Reserve Banks from the decision-making process , putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Federal Reserve Board , having the Fed audited by an arm of Congress ( the General Accounting Office ) , putting the Fed 's expenditures in the budget , and requiring prompt publication of the Fed 's minutes . 
The loss compares with net income of $ 162.1 million , or $ 2.01 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Gorky was a loyal if occasionally ambivalent proletarian writer committed to enlightening the masses with plain speaking rooted in a slightly sour version of Chekhovian humanism . 
One is that there are not enough police to satisfy small businesses . 
But Darman suggests such tensions will dissipate quickly . 
The problem here , analysts say , is that if Paribas wins its 66.7 % , remaining Navigation Mixte shares will fall in value . 
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios . 
The bridge loans are intended to provide temporary financing for acquisitions . 
Using small electrical shocks applied to her feet , they were able to monitor sensory nerves . 
Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , which stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling . 
As a result , Wells Fargo 's net interest income rose $ 36.3 million , or 7 % , to $ 537 million for the quarter . 
However , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the National Association of Securities Dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by Oct. 13 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to Gene Finn , chief economist for the NASD . 
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC . 
About $ 550 million of long-term debt is affected , according to Moody 's . 
But that does n't mean Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters might not eventually get their hands on some of their projects ; studios develop hundreds of movies but produce only 10 to 20 each year . 
Dollar : 
Terminals at San Francisco International also were damaged , but the tower itself was intact . 
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
The truck sales slowdown reflects the general slowing in sales of consumer goods , he said , and the latest reports show a slight improvement rather than any indication of a downward spiral . 
Those enterprises , however , are not going to be privatized . 
Second , the World Bank 's recent $ 75 billion capital increase -- $ 14 billion from the U.S. -- has left the IMF feeling less than first fiddle among international financial institutions . 
Yields on municipal bonds can be higher than after-tax yields on CDs for maturities of perhaps one to five years . 
Sales rose 13 % to $ 1.91 billion from $ 1.69 billion . 
Hundreds of people lined up every day at the Colgate-Palmolive Co. stand to receive a free tube of toothpaste , a commodity in chronically short supply here . 
Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents . 
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past . 
New Hyundai Campaign 
Communications Director 
No trading existed for the vast majority of junk bonds , securities industry officials said . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
( Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price ) . 
American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results . 
We hear that HUD Secretary Jack Kemp is toying with going along with some of the Cranston-Mitchell proposals . 
That would be comforting to fixed-income investors , many of whom were badly burned in the third quarter by incorrectly assuming that the Fed would ease . 
`` I suppose you could say the good news is that the deficits are not heading up , '' he said , `` but you ca n't be satisfied with deficits at this level and we 're not . '' 
Many analysts are expecting the Fed to lower interest rates at least once more before the end of the year . 
At Scudder and at the smaller Ivy funds group in Hingham , Mass. , for instance , some shareholders called early in the morning to switch money from stock funds to money market funds , but later called back to reverse the switches . 
International Technology , an environmental management concern , said the contract includes construction of slurry walls , gas collection systems , a multilayer cap and water treatment plant . 
Among the company 's current efforts : repairing old parts at 25 % of the cost of replacing them . 
A star attraction on the national network is the U.S. 's `` Dynasty . '' ... 
Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole named a mediator to help resolve the lengthy labor dispute between the United Mine Workers and Pittston Co . 
The transmogrified brokers never let the C-word cross their lips , instead stressing such terms as `` safe , '' `` insured '' and `` guaranteed '' -- even though these terms may be severely limited in their application to a particular new financial product . 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said a computer virus has infected one of its networks and is spreading anti-nuclear messages related to its Galileo space probe , which is to be launched today . 
The rogues ' gallery of planners involved includes some convicted felons , a compulsive gambler or two , various businessmen who had planned their own previous ventures right into bankruptcy , and one man who scammed his wife 's grandmother . 
The city is full of aging bridges , water mains and roadways that are in need of billions of dollars worth of repair . 
IBM , based in Armonk , N.Y. , has dominated the market for decades . 
Now it has -- especially for people my age . '' 
Manville said it expects the plant to begin operating at the end of 1991 . 
The bridge normally carries 250,000 commuters a day . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons . 
He cited the example of San Francisco 's financial district , where many new glass towers survived almost unscathed . 
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . 
The maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses . 
At Avery Fisher Hall here , Mr. McDuffie was heard recently with Mr. Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia in more conventional fare -- Bruch 's overwrought `` Violin Concerto in G Minor . '' 
In a large company that means many hundreds of complaints for personnel to handle . 
But once the basics are covered , `` then I would start to invest , even if it 's as little as $ 1,000 , '' says Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
Exports of rum surged 54 % to 814,000 proof gallons . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed off 5.94 points , at 2653.28 . 
While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office . 
We should also add Mr. Lawson 's own explanation , as we understand it . 
Amending a 1988 return to claim a refund brings cash faster ; but for personal losses , there are other factors to consider , notes publisher Prentice Hall . 
When ad dollars are tight , the high page cost is a major deterrent for advertisers , who generally want to appear regularly in a publication or not at all . 
The Maidenform name `` is part of American pop culture , '' says Joan Sinopoli , account supervisor of the campaign by Levine , Huntley , Schmidt & Beaver , a New York ad firm . 
You might not find one in the ` Jurisprudence ' column . 
But we 're out there and we 're going to stay in business . 
He succeeds Roger Kimmel , who resigned last week saying his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA Communications Co. was no longer necessary . 
Indeed , Winnebago said it started `` several promotional programs '' to spur retail sales in the fall and winter . 
Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander . 
The closely held company has n't disclosed sales . 
The recent one-day , 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average seems to be significant to economists mainly for its tacit comment on the poor quality of third-quarter profits now being reported . 
The index was under pressure for most of the morning over concerns that the effects of Tuesday night 's major earthquake in the San Francisco area would undermine the U.S. market . 
A year ago , net was $ 170.4 million , or $ 1.93 a share , on revenue of $ 5.3 billion . 
For OPEC , that 's ideal . 
`` That means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate . '' 
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument . 
The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons . 
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries . 
And while setting a statutory limit of $ 1.6 billion on the automated space probe , the conference appropriated $ 30 million for the start-up of the CRAF-Cassini mission , a successor to the Voyager space probe . 
`` In the past , you just wore Fruit of the Loom and did n't care , '' says Peter Kim , U.S. director of consumer behavior research for the J. Walter Thompson ad agency . 
Mr. Salinas needs big investment inflows -- quickly . 
He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism , judging her project as `` intellectually slipshod . '' 
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital , which has $ 300 million under management . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
It expects a $ 1.42 billion quarterly loss . 
According to the Commerce Department report , spending on durable goods -- items expected to last at least three years , including cars -- declined by $ 6.2 billion . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
AT&T said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets . 
Joanne Lipman contributed to this article . 
An associate member seat was sold for $ 228,000 , up $ 8,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
`` Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force . 
The wall behind me was slightly deformed , but the center had held . 
`` Most American investors have just given up , '' Mr. Brody says . 
Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy . 
Oncor Inc. , Gaithersburg , Md. , said it received approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration to market a genetic test that will assist in diagnosis and treatment of leukemia and lymph cancer . 
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co . 
To gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month . 
The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley . 
Toshiba Corp . ( Japan ) -- $ 1.2 billion of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
Shalom . 
There are times when she must show a little emotion . 
From a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time . 
In a hopeless position , the computer resigned rather than make its 37th move . 
However , Japanese authorities apparently were concerned that a refinancing also would attract too much publicity . 
The situation was further aggravated early this month , when McDonald 's set plans to heat up the discounting by offering coupons . 
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account . 
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated the damage to his city alone at $ 2 billion . 
The Fossett firm had some losses and liquidity problems during the October 1987 crash as well , Mr. Rawls said . 
THE SUPREME COURT ruling upholding Missouri 's restrictive abortion law was Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services . 
But this raises added cost barriers to urban entrepreneurship . 
Mr. Carpenter says he will return Kidder to prominence as a great investment bank . 
No such statement appears on the tapes . 
All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence ( 47 cents ) from 24.68 pence ( 39 cents ) . 
She adds that some technological advances trail those in the U.S. because the Japanese still import basic operating systems from American companies . 
An official linked the gain essentially to higher prices for beef and pork . 
His client contacts , meanwhile , could prove a gold mine for an agency that has had few new business wins of late . 
`` We know that Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , '' Fiat said . 
This will include the sale of its interest in the joint venture Beghin Corbehem to Feldemuehle AG . 
Mr. Angelo was described in the filing as a consultant to Oasis . 
HUGO'S BLAST generates pleas for aid from South Carolina small businesses . 
For an investor paying tax at a 33 % rate , a seemingly puny 6 % yield on a one-year muni is equivalent to a taxable 9 % . 
`` The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the ` paperboy ' bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , '' he says . 
'' Mr. Allen objected to this analogy because it seems to `` assimilate the status of blacks to that of animals -- as a mere project of charity , of humaneness . '' 
GAF , Part III is scheduled to begin today . 
Those bills ca n't easily be vetoed in their entirety because they often are needed to keep the government operating . 
Demand for the bonds was strong enough to permit underwriters to trim some yields in the tax-exempt portion of the offering late Monday . 
They also give those in Congress political credit for bringing home the pork , and so they are popular with such Members as Mary Rose Oakar . 
When the computer says switch , Renaissance switches . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
( Mr. Quennell has said he plans to go with the grid , regardless . ) 
But the scandal itself is so convoluted that ruling-party members are divided between those who want to pursue the matter in hope of undermining the opposition and those who favor leaving well enough alone . 
Since last April , the investor has made seven so-called 13D filings in USAir , as he bought and sold the company 's stock . 
As long as we believe that all Americans , of every race and ethnic background , have common interests and can live together cooperatively , our political map should reflect our belief . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % , 13 weeks ; 7.62 % , 26 weeks . 
Like other foreign banks establishing a presence here , the family describes its move as a calculated decision to set up a financial services outlet in Europe 's largest economy ahead of the integration of European Community markets after 1992 . 
As described in `` The New Crowd , '' they take on ambitious new wives , move to Greenwich , Conn. , or Bedford , N.Y. , buy OK pictures , and let their wives share the wealth with decorators . 
He said only that the committee has not yet taken any position on Eastern 's reorganization plan and that the two sides were still negotiating . 
The three urban horticulture experts with Cornell Cooperative Extension weighed in with a letter to the BPCA that began : `` We feel that the garden is horticulturally doomed . '' 
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one-year extension . 
More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress . 
Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston . 
The Canadian wound up writing a check . 
In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis . 
There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House and Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad . 
He adds that the company is trying to keep up with demand `` by overworking '' its employees . 
Starpointe holders , who approved the plan last April , will receive $ 21 in cash a share , or a total $ 63 million . 
Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells . 
In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses . 
Gannett 's third-quarter earnings rose 11 % to 52 cents a share from 47 cents in the year-ago period . 
Federal , on its own , had n't been doing very well overseas . 
Apparently so . 
Stewart 's honor was a nice note on a couple of grounds . 
Foresight 
Mr. Marrie said the bank expects Arizona real-estate prices , which plummeted 40 % over the last year , to fall another 20 % before stabilizing . 
Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in 
The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer , president of Parker 's automotive group , and includes several other executives of the three divisions . 
The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid . 
Paribas said Lonrho will participate in the forthcoming capital boost for Societe Commerciale . 
As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
And Alcan Aluminium Ltd. yesterday reported net income slid 30 % to $ 180 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 258 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
Early in the day , bonds rose modestly on economists ' forecasts that this week 's slate of economic data will portray an economy headed for trouble . 
Mr. Keating raised $ 20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard 's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering . 
Alan D'Agosto , president of Panda 's Inc. , an operator of Arby 's restaurants in Omaha , says : `` All we 're doing is keeping the customers coming , but we are n't increasing sales . '' 
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue . 
Sterling said it had requested a briefing by NASA but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision . 
`` Maybe the next day or even an hour later , I would n't have done it . '' 
`` It 's hard to get the administration 's attention on anything , '' said Rep. Bill Frenzel ( R. , Minn. ) , `` because the whole agreement was built on gimmickry . '' 
Hitachi made the reverse-engineering charges in an amendment to a counterclaim filed in a federal district court in Texas after Motorola sued Hitachi for patent violation . 
`` Our market got hit a lot harder on Monday than the listed market , '' Mr. Bruno said . 
Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , traditional heavy-crude producers , have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil by their national oil companies . 
Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea . 
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March . 
Long-term Treasury issues declined about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
In October doctors were debating the product 's safety , some claiming it caused infections . 
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims . 
`` That is a minimum figure , and I underscore minimum , '' said House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) after conferring with California lawmakers . 
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna . 
`` Magazines could , like other brands , find that they have only a limited life . '' 
National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million . 
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents . 
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council . 
`` We have no independent evidence linking Fatah to any acts of terrorism since Dec. 15 , 1988 , '' he said , referring to the specific PLO group that Mr. Arafat heads . 
About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision , Mr. Edelman says , and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month . 
Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt . 
The product overcame the bad publicity and kept evolving . 
The disarray of the Bush administration 's Latin diplomacy was evident in the failure of the Organization of American States to condemn categorically Gen. Noriega . 
The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely . 
Come daybreak , eight family members and two other workers unroll a sheet of raw rubber that covers the floor of the house and spills out onto the street . 
Factoring involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables . 
`` Unisys is getting clobbered . 
`` When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the U.S. , '' he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 . 
In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union . 
Sonet , or synchronous optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models . 
He could not be reached for comment . 
Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers . 
To get the necessary growth , adds Murray Ruffel , a marketing official at the Financial Programs mutual-fund group , `` you need to go to the stock market . '' 
Every issue is multisided . 
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company . 
General Motors Corp. wants to buy as much as 15 % of Jaguar PLC , marking its first salvo in a possible full-scale battle against Ford Motor Co. for control of the British car maker . 
Lawyers for shareholders , Bally and Mr. Trump all declined to talk publicly about the proposed settlement , citing a request by a federal court magistrate not to reveal details of the agreement until it is completed . 
Republicans especially want a guarantee from the House leadership that they 'll get an up-or-down vote on the bills . 
Just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for Warner Bros. for which they had just produced the smash hit `` Batman . '' 
The $ 11,775,000 of term bonds due 2006 and the $ 13,865,000 of term bonds due 2009 are n't being formally reoffered . 
A man gunned down by a stray bullet while cycling to work carries , after his death , the official stigma of `` counterrevolutionary , '' his wife says . 
The Continental markets alone contribute about 14.3 % of estimated world market capitalization of $ 9.671 trillion . 
At a recent meeting of manufacturing executives , `` everybody I talked with was very positive , '' he says . 
Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract . 
`` We suspected there was downtime built into our process . 
The market is still very touchy about rumors and news on pending takeovers . 
The Menlo Park , Calif. , company said net was $ 7.4 million , or 22 cents a share , down from $ 32.3 million , or 86 cents a share , a year ago . 
Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals and non-member traders , and $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions and have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks . 
Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Conservationists say that drift-net fishing threatens to wipe out much of the world 's tuna stocks in a few years . 
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions . 
Odds and Ends 
`` It really brings you down to a human level , '' she says . 
Exabyte Corp. had been planning to sell 10 % of its stock this week in an IPO that would raise up to $ 28.5 million . 
The water destroyed about $ 75 million in currency and caked $ 4 million of coins with mud , rendering them dangerous to counting machines . 
Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . 
John Wetherell , a Lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985 . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % , while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47 % for a yield of 7.85 % . 
Marni Rice plays the maid with so much edge as to steal her two scenes . 
Yesterday , the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 18\/32 to yield 7.89 % , compared with 102 9\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Monday . 
Eight Oakland players hit homers , with centerfielder Dave Henderson getting two , both on Friday . 
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million . 
`` Now everything '' -- such as program trading and wide stock market swings -- `` that everyone had pushed back in their consciousness is just sitting right there . '' 
`` North , '' the document went on , referring to Oliver North , `` has told Noriega 's representative that U.S. law forbade such actions . 
An assassin in Colombia killed a federal judge on a Medellin street . 
He paid an immense fine and was lucky , according to a local wag , to escape the gas chamber . 
In recent years , growth has come in the foreign markets . 
Mr. Bush said that the December meeting , which was announced simultaneously in Moscow , will be held in the unusual setting of ships at sea to hold down the `` fanfare '' and force the two sides to limit participation to just small groups of advisers . 
The assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions . 
Farmers lay down before the bulldozers . 
2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach . 
One of Ronald Reagan 's attributes as President was that he rarely gave his blessing to the claptrap that passes for `` consensus '' in various international institutions . 
But unfortunately , that segment is much smaller than the bread-and-butter flat-rolled steel . 
The aim , says Mr. de Galle , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade smokers who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying French . 
Merger Fallout : Beware Employee Dishonesty 
The company also disclosed its financial operations had increased reserves for bankrupt accounts , resulting in a $ 40 million pretax charge for the third quarter . 
The most active shares were major blue-chips , particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas and British Telecommunications . 
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 . 
`` It 's a Swiss-cheese factory and the cheese smells pretty good , '' commented one veteran lobbyist who was watching the proceedings . 
Members of the Senate Banking Committee know Mr. Breeden from working on the thrift-bailout bill , and the relationship generally remains warm . 
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI . 
`` The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along , '' says Ambler Moss , a former Ambassador to Panama . 
China will spend $ 9.45 million for urgent maintenance on Tibet 's Potala Palace , former home of the Dalai Lama , the China News Service said . 
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April . 
Measured the same way , the decline for black males was 14.2 % . 
British Satellite , which already has raised # 423.5 million from 10 backers , initially expected to seek an additional # 400 million . 
Charles R. Simpson Jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post . 
Revco received a $ 925 million takeover offer from Texas financier Robert Bass and Acadia Partners . 
EC inflation was seen at 4.8 % in 1989 , higher than 1988 's 3.6 % price rise . 
Many money managers who trade stock actively have trouble consistently matching the S&P-500 's returns . 
A prominent businessman in Bombay gives a similar testimonial : `` I have been taking it daily since 1961 . 
And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 . 
In an excursus of little relevance to his central point about private enforcement suits by environmental groups , Michael S. Greve informs your readers , `` ... the Clean Water Act is written upon the presumption -- the pretense , rather -- that nothing but zero risk will do ; it establishes a legal standard of zero discharge '' ( `` Congress's Environmental Buccaneers , '' Sept. 18 ) . 
Typical is Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi , Italy 's state-owned energy company , which not long ago acquired through its AGIP oil subsidiary a 5 % share in the consortium accounting for half of Nigeria 's oil output . 
Even Carlos Manuel Castillo -- the presidential candidate for Mr. Arias 's National Liberation Party -- made public his opposition to the presence of Nicaragua `` in a democratic festivity . '' 
`` The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . 
For one thing , Pentagon officials , who asked not to be identified , worry that the U.S. will have a much tougher time persuading Europeans to keep some short-range nuclear weapons on their soil once Soviet armored forces are thinned out . 
`` Eight years I 've had it . 
The Japanese also are accused of keeping their cards too close to their vests . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. said it raised its stake in Octel Communications Corp. to 8.5 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Mr. Stevens declined to give the specific contributions to the $ 50 million guarantee from each participant . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
And , with those contacts in place , it could be relatively simple to add Aer Lingus and GPA to the team . 
Although Digital has staked out a major presence in the booming workstation market , profit margins in that market are much slimmer than for mainframes . 
In the wake of the Exxon Valdez spill in March , new governmental drilling bans are sharply curtailing exploration in promising locations offshore and in Alaska . 
Industry executives say that although the two executives used to clash more frequently , the WPP takeover brought them closer together . 
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for `` development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods . '' 
SKF said sales increased 17 % to 18.46 billion kronor from 15.72 billion . 
Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it was `` another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is chairman . '' 
The House joined the Senate in making federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement requiring the Treasury Department to meet expedited payments of an estimated $ 1.25 billion during the next several years . 
`` The biographer\/critic , '' Judge Leval wrote , `` should not be required simply to express ... conclusions without defending them by example . 
Hotel expansion and an influx of more-discriminating tourists have hurt motels . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
Under a proposed two-step amalgamation involving share swaps , ABM Gold Corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. , United Gold Corp. and Inca Resources Inc . 
Last Sunday , Ms. Johnson finally got a chance to water her plants , but stopped abruptly . 
At that time , tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority . 
Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them . 
The market 's pessimism reflects the gloomy outlook in Detroit . 
Meanwhile , settlement negotiations continue between Mr. Hunt and the IRS , which has already reached a tentative agreement with Nelson Bunker Hunt . 
The issue is one of a judge 's experience , his competence and his physical ability to serve on the bench , '' Justice Rubin said . 
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court . 
What 's more , much of China 's official rhetoric is hostile to the U.S. . 
He said no discussions currently are taking place between the two companies . 
The largest purchase was by Dudley Taft , who bought 4,400 shares for $ 125,075 . 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued . 
250 million Dutch guilders of 7 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 7.57 % at issue price and 7.86 % less full fees , via AMRO Bank . 
Worse , Salomon 's timing had been off . 
Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion . 
What was my angle ? 
But nobody did such a piece , reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network . 
The figure excludes a record number employed by extraordinary government work programs , the Labor Directorate announced Tuesday . 
Among companies saying they monitor employees are United Airlines , American Airlines , United Parcel Service , Nynex Corp. , Spiegel Inc. , and the circulation department of this newspaper . 
`` I 'm not sure he 's explained everything , '' Mrs. Stinnett says grudgingly . 
Analysts said the numbers were better than expectations , partly because of strong profit margins and a positive foreign-currency translation . 
Shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , USAir 's stock tumbled $ 3 a share . 
COKE ADS : 
According to the filing , Parsow and Elkhorn are based in Elkhorn , Neb. , and are controlled by the same general partner , Alan S. Parsow . 
Texaco 
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug . 
Though the widely traded shares that are quoted in London account for only a small portion of those totals , they still are the most closely watched stocks and are often viewed as a barometer for the local markets generally . 
In the private sector , practically every major company is setting explicit goals to increase employees ' exposure to computers . 
Newspapers , including this one , have generally ignored his news releases . 
What makes the most sense is to find someone who wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares . '' 
He said the state has 165 appointed judges and 15 `` trial referees , '' who are former judges over age 70 and serve a restricted role on the bench . 
In `` Mastergate , '' Mr. Gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities that have all but disappeared from the Broadway theater : sharp political satire and an even sharper appreciation of the value of language . 
In 1988 , Fluor had revenue of $ 5.1 billion and earnings of $ 56.4 million , or 71 cents a share . 
More than half the users of 17 of the 25 products included in the survey said they 're brand switchers . 
Gains in advertising revenue , however , resulted in operating profit of $ 78.4 million -- up 20 % from $ 65.6 million . 
This is slightly adapted from remarks Oct. 7 by former Secretary of State George P. Shultz to an alumni gathering at the Stanford Business School , where he has returned to the faculty : 
In late 1986 , he made an offer he thought the U.S. could n't refuse . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response . 
Last week another potential buyer , Whitehall Financial Group -- which had agreed in August to purchase most of Integrated 's core companies for $ 310 million -- ended talks with Integrated . 
Its buglike Carol minicar is `` designed with softness , gentleness and warmheartedness . '' 
Home is an estate with green meadows opening onto Lake Geneva and a low-slung house whose rooms overlook the water and offer a view of the French Alps . 
`` Everything sold at Radio Shack has a legal purpose , '' says Bernard Appel , president of the Tandy Corp. subsidiary . 
Chairman Thomas S. Murphy cited Capital Cities ' nine daily newspapers in explaining most of the gain . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
Stelco said it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 20.9 million ) on the facility . 
Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share . 
In February 1989 , when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout , the U.S. cut it further . 
General Motors Corp. is planning to build a new engine plant in Europe that may be built in Britain , provided the company can reach a satisfactory agreement with unions , sources said . 
These managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of September , down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 . 
Carol Cable , which operates 12 manufacturing plants , had operating profit of $ 11.7 million on sales of $ 153.3 million for the first six months of this year and operating profit of $ 25.6 million on sales of $ 294.6 million for all of 1988 . 
Given current headlines about the University of Florida , it may not be the last . 
West Germany 's Quelle said it will establish a mail-order operation with two local partners in the Soviet Union next year . 
The gatherings in East Berlin and elsewhere were viewed as part of a government effort to stop activists from staging protests to press their demands . 
Despite long private sessions in both New York and Dallas , the two sides ended the week `` 6,000 miles and many dollars apart , '' according to attorney Hugh Ray , who represents Manufacturers Hanover . 
`` The institutions have driven ( commission ) rates down to the point where it makes no sense to commit capital , '' says Tom Gallagher , senior executive vice president in charge of institutional trading at Oppenheimer & Co . 
NEW BEER : 
Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action . 
China could exhaust its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a Western government report says , unless imports are cut drastically to help narrow the balance-of-payments deficit . 
Philips did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue . 
He says he thinks his company is just a few years from doing that . 
The filing , made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here , follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp. , Merksamer 's owner , to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price . 
I understand , but have n't yet verified , that there are studies by Norwegians , Russians and the Max Planck Institute that show either unchanging or declining UV-B at the surface . 
Wellcome PLC , a major British pharmaceutical maker , sells the drug under the name Retrovir . 
This contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day-to-day basis . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading , Bank of Montreal closed at C$ 33.25 , up 87.5 Canadian cents . 
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
But the fiercely competitive Mr. Corry quickly showed he 's no pushover . 
With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament . 
Even so , Mr. Taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties . 
Rearding the suit over the bank bid , Mr. Peterson says it is filled with `` inflammatory language and half truths . '' 
The Ford issue , through Ford Credit 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 95 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % issue due July 1991 . 
A new drug to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs has been successfully used on more than 100 patients at the University of Pittsburgh , according to researchers . 
Only half the New York small businesses surveyed , for their part , are satisfied with the police response they receive . 
Adolph Coors Co. said its Coors Brewing Co. unit will test market a new line of bottled water in the West beginning early next year . 
Ford , on the other hand , has said it 's willing to bid for all of Jaguar , despite the objections of Jaguar chairman Sir John Egan . 
( It is John Hart . ) 
In addition , IBM noted that the stronger dollar has cut the value of overseas revenue and earnings when they are translated into dollars . 
But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose . 
The Federal Trade Commission ruled that five major title-insurance companies illegally fixed prices for title search-and-examination services by participating in joint `` rating bureaus '' in six states . 
American publishers appear more than ready to do some selling . 
`` But we had a fairly active day yesterday . '' 
So one popular ploy is to make a prospective investor feel like an insider , joining an exclusive group that is about to make a killing . 
He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , as previously reported , had net of $ 65.9 million , reversing a $ 3.5 million loss a year earlier ; its latest results include a $ 37 million gain from the sale of an institutional money management business . 
Collectively , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground . 
GMAC profits are combined with earnings from the rest of GM 's operations and attributed to the company 's traditional common stock . 
Magazine publishers are facing spiraling costs and a glut of new titles . 
In an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty . 
However , the maximum coupon at which the notes can be reset is 16 1\/4 % . 
So far no one has . 
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
Under the firm 's original bank credit agreement , it was required to raise $ 250 million of subordinated debt to be used to repay some of the bank borrowings drawn to redeem $ 526.3 million of increasing rate debentures in August . 
Manufacturers Hanover 
The forfeiture memo cited `` considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . '' 
Perhaps most important , Carl Icahn , who had once threatened a hostile takeover bid , was subdued . 
More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing . 
Until then , the billions HUD spends on inner-city housing simply is wasted . 
`` I cut my losses and ran , '' she says , from her new home in Colorado , where she is busy remodeling . 
But by Mr. Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows . 
Selwyn B. Kossuth was named executive director of the commission , effective early November . 
The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne . 
Qintex Entertainment dropped 2 5\/8 to 1 1\/2 after seeking protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code for itself and its two operating subsidiaries , Hal Roach Studios and Qintex Productions . 
S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , Valley National Bank of Arizona . 
A number of developments were negatively interpreted by traders . 
Shin Yonehara , a research scientist at the Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science , said the antibody he discovered works by recognizing an antigen called a Fas-antigen , which is characteristic of an infected cell . 
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . '' 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the nation 's output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain , down from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , according to MMS International , a unit of McGraw-Hill Inc. , New York . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold dropped $ 1.60 to $ 367.10 an ounce in moderate trading . 
It was considered a victory for Democratic leaders , who favor a law barring flag burning . 
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government . 
The number of authorized common shares will remain at 100 million . 
The increase is on the base price , which is already being discounted by virtually all steel producers . 
The court 's decision would allow FERC to change some of its provisions , but ensures it will be reviewed again quickly by the court . 
Subsequently , I have learned that a private group , of which Du Pont is a part , is funding a modest program to continue data gathering at the Scotto report stations as well as to develop more sophisticated UVB measuring instruments . 
`` It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , '' says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto . 
The insured bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
Mr. Bush announced several weeks ago that he intended to send such a mission , composed of top government aides and business and labor leaders . 
Even with that power show , though , the Oakland Series ' star , certified by the Most Valuable Player award , was a pitcher , Dave Stewart . 
It was downhill from there , however . 
For several months , there was optimism all around . 
`` Moody 's believes that the uncertain environment for merchant banking could put pressure on CS First Boston 's performance , '' the rating concern said , citing `` continued problems '' from the firm 's exposures to `` various Campeau-related firms '' and to Ohio Mattress . 
AEP INDUSTRIES Inc. directors authorized a 3-for-2 split of the common , payable Dec. 7 to stock of record Nov. 22 . 
( Mr. Reich 's new `` Different Trains '' for string quartet uses the technique magisterially . ) 
Throughout the 1970s , Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural . 
It also would make Paribas a major French ally of West Germany 's Allianz AG insurance group . 
The 45-year-old Mr. Kuehn , who has a background in crisis management , succeeds Alan D. Rubendall , 45 . 
Right now about a dozen laboratories , in the U.S. , Canada and Britain , are racing to unmask other suspected tumor-suppressing genes . 
The price also includes assumption of about $ 1.4 billion in debt . 
As much as Republicans led the opposition , among the 53 Democrats voting against treating the payments as an entitlement , 42 came from the 13 states in the Old Dixiecrat South and its borders . 
So the impact on the $ 950 billion mutual fund industry as a whole probably will be slight . 
But another big problem has been the aging of baby boomers . 
Though the market was stronger , dealers said fresh buying interest was sidelined ahead of a potential market-affecting debate in the House of Commons set for Tuesday . 
He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith , a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on . 
For the past seven years , investors have had the wind at their backs , in the form of a generally growing economy . 
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan . 
The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery . 
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside . 
He added that San Francisco 's trolley cars and trolley buses were also running at full service levels . 
Dataproducts is fighting a hostile tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , a group led by New York-based Crescott Investments Associates . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. 's Market Data Retrieval unit said it acquired School and College Construction Reports service from Intelligence for Education Inc . 
`` The U.S. government could be , in effect , subsidizing political contributions to corporate PACs , '' he says . 
It is E-Z listening for the now generation . 
The Bank of England indicated its desire to leave its monetary policy unchanged Friday by declining to raise the official 15 % discount-borrowing rate that it charges discount houses , analysts say . 
The two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one and leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including an unsettled labor situation and a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility . 
When they do hit , they hit fast , '' says David A. Wyss , chief financial economist at the Data Resources division of McGraw-Hill Inc . 
While Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive . 
International Minerals said the sale will allow Mallinckrodt to focus its resources on its core businesses of medical products , specialty chemicals and flavors . 
But Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , company that packages and sells the insider-trading data , said the proposal is worded so vaguely that key officials may fail to file the reports . 
`` The only response to the challenge being presented to us by the East , '' Mr. Mitterrand told the European Parliament in Strasbourg yesterday , `` is to reinforce and accelerate the union and cohesion of the European Community . '' 
( The pro-choice lobby does n't . 
`` The stock market ai n't going to do much of anything '' for a while , says John Neff of Wellington Management , who runs the $ 8.3 billion Windsor Fund . 
`` You should really think twice if you think you can out-smart the system . '' 
There 's even a special fare for clergy that does n't require the usual stay over Saturday night . 
Independent providers of financial information , including Quotron , have been under some pressure as the major securities houses try to regain their hold on the production of market data and on the related revenue . 
`` This is an opportune time to find mutual ways { to prevent } price shocks from happening again , '' he says . 
Pitney Bowes acquired the core of what evolved into Wheeler Group in 1979 by buying Dictaphone Corp . 
The underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight tonight , and this urgency has contributed to the speed -- and , critics say , mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Prescription-drug world-wide sales rose 9 % in the quarter to $ 340 million ; U.S. sales rose 15 % . 
`` Our attitude is that ( the ranking ) is like Miss America . 
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out . 
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... . 
At first glance , gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows . 
Without admitting any guilt , the bureau agreed to several conditions if it again contracts with an outside firm to publish its directories . 
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey found that 53 % of today 's car buyers tend to switch brands . 
The Dutch unit , known as Celtona B.V. , is a leading maker of consumer and away-from-home tissue products for the Benelux region . 
His company , without any major effort , sells more machines in China than in Japan . 
Nomura was attempting to organize the 50 billion-yen ( $ 352 million ) borrowing in Japan at a time when many Japanese banks , led by Industrial Bank of Japan , were pressuring the Wellington government to help them recover loans made to a defunct investment bank that had been owned by New Zealand 's civil-service pension fund . 
Lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , federal researchers report . 
Also , he notes , `` most corporate bonds are callable . '' 
Moody 's changes affected the following issues : 
Roche Holding AG , parent of the Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 22 % in the first nine months of the year to 7.32 billion francs ( $ 4.51 billion ) . 
But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . 
That illustrates the kind of disappointment many Indians feel toward Mr. Gandhi , whom they zestfully elected and enthusiastically supported in his first two years in power . 
But Mr. Brady argued that the SEC is closer to the markets and in a better position to understand when the exchanges are under such stress that they should be closed . 
( Taiwan already is a big importer of Fujis from other places , he adds . ) 
A Daikin executive in charge of exports when the high-purity halogenated hydrocarbon was sold to the Soviets in 1986 received a suspended 10-month jail sentence . 
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said . 
Also closely watched is Exxon Corp. , where short interest slid to 4,469,167 shares from 5,088,774 . 
Part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are repackaging mortgage securities being sold by thrifts . 
`` We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient . 
`` We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced '' late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place , '' notes a Vista spokeswoman . 
Cetus Corp. said the government of Spain approved the marketing of its Proleukin interleukin-2 drug to treat kidney cancer . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
-- If the stock stays at the same price between now and the put 's expiration date , the investor 's loss will be limited to the cost of the put , less any amount realized from a closing sale of the put . 
But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed . 
`` It 's a severe case of regulatory whiplash , '' complains Henry Saveth of consultant A. Foster Higgins & Co . 
But Foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska . 
The tribunal is scheduled to rule on the request Friday . 
The issue arose last week when Vice President Dan Quayle told an audience in Chicago that Mr. Bush was looking for a test case . 
Moreover , they note that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers , such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp. , that steelmakers need more money . 
Two directors of Pegasus Gold Inc. , a Spokane , Wash. , precious-metals mining firm , sold most of their holdings in the company Aug. 31 . 
`` But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . '' 
London shares rallied to post strong gains after initial fears evaporated that the California earthquake would depress Wall Street prices . 
All the senators say they merely were trying to ensure fairness for a constituent . 
It 's a bizarre and totally inappropriate reaction , all to add more pizzazz to a script that 's already overdosing on pizzazz . 
A year earlier , the refiner earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share . 
The real estate investment trust said the `` purported class action suit , '' seeks `` damages and other remedies under federal securities law and state law . '' 
The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal . 
`` It 's an extremely complex market , and you have to be prepared to make a big commitment , '' Mr. Forrester says . 
On Monday , for instance , Howard Ward , a principal at Scudder , Stevens & Clark , found that `` you could n't buy blue-chips at quoted prices without paying up . '' 
I do n't think that is the case . '' 
But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday , and absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal . 
-- `` Community involvement '' is an even worse idea . 
Many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the adversary system as long as no one tampers with the evidence . 
Mr. Kasparov 's continuation was slower but , in the end , just as deadly . 
And the injunction Judges Miner and Altimari would so readily have granted had New Era sued in time ? 
Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors slice up the merit pie . 
Even after divesting itself of $ 120 million of unprofitable business , the new Pinkerton 's will have sales of about $ 610 million this year and operating profit roughly double the industry average of 2%-3 % of sales , says Lloyd Greif of Sutro & Co. in Los Angeles , which arranged the Pinkerton 's acquisition . 
Analysts have mixed views about the two-year note auction . 
That followed a 3.3 % decline in August . 
If it does n't , he says , the company would have to change its expansion timetable . 
`` I 'd be destroying myself , '' replies Mr. Korotich , who then asks , `` What would that accomplish ? 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Alpine , which said it does n't plan to further extend the offer , said it received $ 615,000 face amount of debt under the original offer . 
Unisys dropped 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 after posting a third-quarter loss of $ 4.25 a share , including restructuring charges , but other important technology issues were mixed . 
But persuading investors to buy bonds may be especially tough this week , when the U.S. government will auction more than $ 30 billion of new securities . 
As interest rates paid depositors were lowered , thrift withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 5.1 billion , not including interest credited to accounts . 
Even if Mr. Crandall is correct , he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level . 
Mr. Rogers , 60 years old , succeeds J.V. White , 64 , who will remain chairman and chairman of the executive committee . 
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted . 
Chugai agreed then to fund certain associated research and development costs . 
The sales recovery screeched to a halt this month , some analysts say . 
The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor . 
Switzerland 's most famous raider says he is n't one . 
DIET COKE : 
Separately , Mr. Cayne of Bear Stearns said his firm is working with regulators to balance margin requirements to `` enhance stabilization . '' 
The issue : Is the planner putting his clients into the best investments , or the ones that garner the biggest commissions ? 
U.K. base rates are at their highest level in eight years . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition . 
But there were hitches , not the least of which was that , Mr. Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition , which was completed in January 1988 . 
The Knight Foundation , of Akron , Ohio , has established a national commission to look into college-sports reform , and the NCAA Presidents Commission earlier this month recommended cutting spring football practice in half , moving the start of basketball practice back by a month and reducing maximum schedules in that sport to 25 games from 28 . 
In the film classic `` Twelve Angry Men , '' the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror 's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict . 
These are the sensitive souls who can empathize with and even enjoy hearing about other people 's troubles , no matter how haltingly or predictably the sad tale is told . 
But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades , test scores and `` supplemental points '' for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life . 
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said . 
Mr. Manzanec , who succeeds retiring Richard C. Dixon , will be responsible for gas supply , regulatory affairs , and marketing and transportation and exchange for Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co. , Trunkline Gas Co. , Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Algonquin Gas Transmission Co . 
Consumers would still be able to buy some food and household goods at subsidized prices , but luxury and imported items , including food , would be sold at market prices . 
What the investors who oppose the proposed changes object to most is the effect they say the proposal would have on their ability to spot telltale `` clusters '' of trading activity -- buying or selling by more than one officer or director within a short period of time . 
For the full fiscal year , Varian posted a 13 % profit rise to $ 31.5 million , or $ 1.53 a share , up from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.27 a share , last year . 
The ensuing scandal , in which the bank 's management resigned , has helped renew calls for privatization , or at least an overhaul , of Italy 's banking system , which is about 80 % state-controlled . 
PNC Financial cited higher income from sources unrelated to interest and said it continues to cut costs . 
When interest rates have dropped , it makes sense for corporations to do just that ; they then save on interest costs . 
In fiscal 1989 , it had sales of about $ 40 million and an operating loss of $ 1.5 million . 
FOX HUNTING HAS been defined as the unspeakable in pursuit of the inedible , but at least it 's exercise . 
Their only doubt concerned the possibility that Mr. Gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed . 
Net sales of stock funds in September totaled $ 839.4 million , down from $ 1.1 billion in August , the institute said . 
However , individuals close to the company insist shuttering the insurance division , a sideline from the company 's core property management business , is n't the beginning of a sale of assets . 
Since then , Jaguar officials have confirmed that they are discussing an alliance with GM and said last week that they hoped to reach an agreement within a month . 
What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil finally lives up to the potential of the world 's eighth largest economy or keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits and stagnation , with huge economic inequalities and social discontent boiling under the surface . 
When the Trinity Repertory Theater named Anne Bogart its artistic director last spring , the nation 's theatrical cognoscenti arched a collective eyebrow . 
Some would make even James Bond green with envy . 
For longer-term CDs , yields were up . 
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group . 
And in a Japanese corporate first , Nissan recently opened the first coed company dormitory for single employees at the suburban Tokyo technical center . 
Applied Solar Energy Corp. of City of Industry , Calif. , said it and its majority shareholder , American Cyanamid Co. , signed a non-binding letter of intent for the acquisition of Applied Solar by McDonnell Douglas Corp. for about $ 38 million . 
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt-equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year . 
State Farm said about 25 % of its policyholders in California have also purchased earthquake insurance . 
An employer leaves itself open to a great deal of liability if its employee manuals do n't reflect the most recent laws , he says . 
Municipal Issues 
The Democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said . 
Although this White House pressure was clearly a factor among committee Republicans , no single influence was greater than Mr. Whitten . 
The Nikkei index fell 58.97 points to 35526.55 . 
The offer is scheduled to expire on Nov. 28 , unless extended . 
Also , profit rose 19 % in the third quarter . 
Ashland had a loss . 
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
And centenarians fly free in first class . 
Inflation may be stable at the moment , running at about 4.5 % . 
Questions like that really stir up Marshall 's ghost . 
Control Data has been seeking a buyer for the facility since it folded its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer unit this past April . 
But the important factory-jobs segment , which last month plunged by 103,000 positions and raised recession fears , is most likely to be skewed by the month 's unusual events . 
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms . 
For the Alley production , scene designer Peter David Gould has arranged a stark but extremely effective set featuring a rectangular platform of white-washed boards that extends into the audience . 
The impact of the destruction of this 2.5-mile stretch of highway was tragically measured in lost lives . 
Exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
But those would require pilots ' cooperation . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Seoul , Sydney , Taipei and Wellington , but were lower in Singapore . 
The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion `` establishment '' meetings , of which I have attended many . 
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days . 
A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall . 
France 's unemployment rate was steady at a seasonally adjusted 9.5 % in September , the Social Affairs Ministry said . 
A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Specter is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today . 
All of this talk is antithetical to the Tax Reform Act of 1986 . 
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets . 
But the stock market , despite some stomach-churning declines , has far outperformed other securities over extended periods . 
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co . 
The thrift announced the plan Aug. 21 . 
Federal officials seized the association in April , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
A cross-state econometric investigation , furthermore , reveals that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate . 
Mr. Levine noted that Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Mr. Green 's offering price for the last several months . 
Dow Jones industrials 2638.73 , off 18.65 ; transportation 1254.27 , off 49.96 ; utilities 214.54 , off 0.19 . 
Two months ago the company set up a toll-free number , based outside California , to handle queries from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster . 
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage . 
Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against Microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added . 
Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1\/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . 
Court in Brief 
Comair Holdings Inc. said in Cincinnati that it bought Airline Aviation Academy , a pilot training school based at Sanford Regional Airport near Orlando , Fla . 
In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % . 
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 . 
Victor C. Benda , 58 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post . 
Big chunks of the government budget , like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare , would n't be affected . 
Not long after the appearance of life , evidently , there was an explosive proliferation in the number of animal designs seen on the earth . 
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from ( a ) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; ( b ) planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and ( c ) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West . 
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them . 
Dealers said the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders ' meeting today . 
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a `` sell '' recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` Until now , we 've had no objective way of measuring motor function , '' says Keith Chiappa , a neurologist conducting clinical tests with the devices at Boston 's Massachusetts General Hospital . 
The figures occasionally include incomplete transactions in restricted stock . 
John Labatt Ltd. said it plans a private placement of 150 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 127.5 million ) in preferred shares , to be completed around Nov. 1 . 
b - Includes a $ 41.3 million gain on the sale of FiberCom . 
Alaska 's Arctic National Wildlife Refuge alone is thought to hide more than three billion barrels of oil . 
Concerned with the increased availability of surveillance technology and heavier use of it , lawmakers have proposed laws addressing the issue . 
`` A lot more of our customers are staying until our 10 p.m. closing time , '' says Christopher Brown , managing director of Corney & Barrow Restaurants Ltd. , which runs five tony wine bars in the district . 
The coupon will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 . 
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency . 
His giddy dream of redeeming a life of `` badly aimed bullets '' by punishing the `` real robbers '' -- the rich `` dogs '' who prey on the poor -- leads only to the death of innocents , and eventually to his own . 
The 101-year-old magazine has never had to woo advertisers with quite so much fervor before . 
A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones discarded . 
As times get tougher , investors fret about whether companies will have enough money to pay their debts . 
Most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top . 
It was supposed to be a routine courtesy call . 
Business : Tax Preparation 
Pershare net fell to 4.97 yen from 5.40 yen . 
While most other airline issues took their cue from UAL , USAir Group rose 1 3\/4 to 43 1\/4 on 1.5 million shares amid speculation about a possible takeover proposal from investor Marvin Davis . 
Under the new Northeast Utilities plan , it would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
Mr. Schwartz said the recent increase in orders `` puts us well on the way to our goal of $ 1.6 billion in bookings for the year . '' 
Meanwhile , average earnings in Britain were up 8.75 % in August over the previous year . 
The index gained 99.14 points Monday . 
But the specialty-material segment slowed somewhat and consumer products continued below expectations . 
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts . 
The court also questioned a crediting mechanism that could be used to resolve take-or-pay liabilities . 
In principle , they will enable doctors to check the body 's motor system the way an electrician tests a home 's electrical circuits by running current through them . 
In contrast to the more artistic nature of traditional cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G are the habitats of organization men in gray-flannel suits . 
The bid is part of Sir James Goldsmith 's unfriendly takeover attempt for B.A.T Industries PLC , the British tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant that acquired Farmers last year for $ 5.2 billion . 
Mr. Goodson , in his own statement , was less upbeat , saying `` unfortunately over the past few years , it has become increasingly clear that Ralph and I have different agendas , '' and that he feels `` more comfortable with a management team whose sole interest and responsibility is in the Goodson papers . 
In Frankfurt , which only has a two-hour daily stock-trading session even in the best of times , stocks did n't open for the first 45 minutes because of order imbalances that brokers blame on a wave of sell orders from small investors . 
`` We 're just seeing the beginning of a shift , '' Mr. Smith says . 
Net was aided by a lower income tax rate . 
`` You can think long range . '' 
Owners say they expect the league to demand a 50 % increase , despite the fact that televised football games have had lackluster ratings . 
In announcing the plant delay , Kellogg Chairman William E. LaMothe said , `` Cereal volume growth in the U.S. has not met our expectations for 1989 . '' 
`` I do n't think he has a clear sense of where he wants the company to go , '' one says . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Sales : $ 2.06 billions Net loss : $ 1.30 billion \* 
Industry watchers agree that Brooks Brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned-down image , which has stunted its growth . 
Revenue for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 20 % , to $ 41.3 million from $ 51.9 million in the year-earlier period . 
McCaw wants to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each , or $ 2.75 billion , which would result in McCaw 's owning 50.3 % of LIN . 
Many institutions and individual investors have shied away from stock-index futures , blaming them for speeding the stock market crash on Black Monday two years ago . 
Traders will also watch for whether the Soviet Union continues its traditional fall buying of U.S. grain . 
Reaching for that extra bit of yield can be a big mistake -- especially if you do n't understand what you 're investing in . 
Hotel Investors Trust and its affiliate , Hotel Investors Corp. , said the companies plan to sell all of the hotels the companies own and operate , except for two hotel-casinos in Las Vegas , Nev . 
Specter , the vice chairman of the Senate 's evidence panel , said there was `` insufficient evidence to convict '' the Miami jurist . 
But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday . 
Similar sentiments were voiced on Capitol Hill . 
Judge Robert ( `` Maximum Bob '' ) Potter sentenced Jim Bakker to 45 years in the big house yesterday , while a Beverly Hills judge tucked away Zsa Zsa Gabor for three days , plus 120 hours of work with homeless women . 
Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought and that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee and other Sharon creditors over the next few days . 
In case managers and personnel specialists are unsuccessful and subordinates take their complaints to a company court or adjudicator , teach managers to accept reversals as a fact of business life , for in a good due-process system they are bound to happen . 
`` The market is sending nervous signals , '' says Peter J. Canelo , chief market strategist for Bear , Stearns & Co. , and it 's `` unwise '' to be overcommitted to stocks . 
I do n't want companies to be built around me as a person . 
It is a quick fix for a complex problem . 
Share earnings are reported on a fully diluted basis , by company tradition . 
Mobil Exploration & Producing U.S. Inc. , the group involved , currently has a work force of somewhat less than 5,000 . 
The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
One , for example , came from CBS Records Chairman Walter Yetnikoff , who will head a committee that will oversee Sony 's entertainment division , including both records and movies . 
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
Never mind that First Gibraltar is one of the failed Texas thrifts taken over by outsiders -- in this case , an investor group headed by New York financier Ronald Perelman . 
Moreover , production runs would be longer , cutting inefficiencies from adjusting machinery between production cycles . 
But that 's not the only problem for stocks . 
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported . 
Joseph L. Dionne , chairman and chief executive officer of McGraw-Hill Inc. , was elected to the board of directors of this electronics manufacturer . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
L.J. Hooker is owned by Hooker Corp. , Sydney , Australia , which itself is currently being managed by a court-appointed provisional liquidator . 
The dollar finished mostly stronger yesterday , boosted by a modest recovery in share prices . 
Complete units have been trained and indoctrinated in the U.S.S.R. and other East bloc nations ; 30,000 to 40,000 of these troops have returned . 
`` Our customers watch us for the hidden message , '' he said . 
Since KKR bought RJR in February for $ 25 billion of debt , it has agreed to sell nearly $ 5 billion of RJR assets . 
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering . 
Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a `` moderate '' loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business . 
They 're just as confused . '' 
A battle with Mr. Icahn would rattle even the most seasoned chief executive , to say nothing of one who took the helm less than five months ago . 
Slides to illustrate Shostakovich quartets ? 
The company will charge $ 35 for a test and projects about $ 2 million in revenue from the test during the first 12 months of marketing , he said . 
Moreover , the two main bridges still connecting San Francisco with the East Bay did n't charge tolls , allowing traffic to zip through without stopping . 
Sam , Max 's brother , has escaped the flesh by working as a liveried chauffeur and never seeking a wife . 
Baby Ruth and Butterfinger are both among the top-selling 15 chocolate bars in the U.S. , but RJR 's overall share of the roughly $ 5.1 billion market is less than 5 % . 
Nearly one-fourth of participants age 60 and older claim brand loyalty for more than 10 of the 25 products in the survey ; only 9 % of those age 18 to 29 have such strong allegiance . 
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair . 
`` Conservatives shoot their own , '' he says . 
Pemex , which produces 40 % of government revenue , desperately needs new investment . 
Moreover , one investment banker , who requested anonymity , said his firm did n't raise the ante for a target company earlier this month after a stronger bid emerged from a public company that was n't concerned about the financing provision . 
Mr. Angell is incorrect when he states that the Soviet Union 's large gold reserves would give it `` great power to establish credibility . '' 
Michigan 's Senate passed a bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House cleared a measure banning abortions after the 24th week of pregnancy . 
Arbitragers were n't the only big losers in the collapse of UAL Corp. stock . 
Aer Rianta is talking about similar joint ventures in Tashkent and in Sochi , a Black Sea resort , and even has a computer-assembly project cooking with the Georgian city of Tbilisi . 
Burmah , which has a strong market position supplying marine lubricants and metal-working fluids in Poland , described the joint venture as `` fairly small . '' 
But while U.S. interest may be big and growing , the difficulties that have stymied deals in the past show no sign of abating . 
The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court . 
In 1976 , as an upstart in the eyes of Switzerland 's establishment , Mr. Rey laid the foundations of his present-day prominence with an unheard-of raid on Bally , the country 's traditional shoemaker . 
At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people . '' 
This caused an explosion of IRA promotions by brokers , banks , mutual funds and others . 
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
As a result , consumer prices for the first 10 months of 1989 surged by 5 % and wholesale prices by 1.3 % . 
Mr. Foret is one of a handful of executives Mr. Lorenzo has relied on over the years . 
`` In terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said Eric Premner , president for broadcasting of King Broadcasting Co. , which owns the NBC affiliate in Seattle , Wash . 
Elaborating on the exception , it said volume and margins were lower in semiconductor and power systems operations . 
Some analysts said the restructuring of the railroad concern 's issue shows how tough it is for underwriters to sell even the junk bonds of a company considered to be a relatively good credit risk . 
`` I would like to go back to 1970 . 
Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge . 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
If I could ever feel I 've contributed to it in some way , then all the hard work has been worth it . '' 
Singer Bette Midler won a $ 400,000 federal court jury verdict against Young & Rubicam in a case that threatens a popular advertising industry practice of using `` sound-alike '' performers to tout products . 
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ( $ 40.1 million ) from 148 million a year earlier . 
As expected , the longer-term tax-exempt New York bonds had yields nearly as high as those on taxable long-term Treasury bonds . 
Non-executive directors of Qintex Australia , who must approve payments to the senior executives , balked at the amount . 
The following shows the number of times these industries outperformed the Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index during the first six months of the past seven recessions . 
Already , USX Corp. and Armco Inc. are studying Nucor 's technology to see if they can adopt it . 
It is expected that GE Capital Corp. , a financial-services subsidiary of General Electric Co. , will provide much of the funding for the proposed leveraged buy-out of Merksamer , based in Sacramento , Calif . 
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . '' 
Canada 's Province of Nova Scotia , shelf offering of up to $ 550 million of debentures . 
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded . 
Although we were white , the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about . 
Now , according to a Kidder World story about Mr. Megargel , all the firm has to do is `` position ourselves more in the deal flow . '' 
James Grohl , a spokesman for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions , said , `` The data is a red flag , but lacking the financial data you ca n't make a case that discrimination is widespread . '' 
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club . 
Michael Smith 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 240-a-share offer for UAL in August triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline . 
Defense and foreign aid are the two most critical areas remaining from the administration 's standpoint . 
But everyone agrees that Mr. Gorbachev 's problems result from the failure of his own system . 
Ways and Means veteran Gephardt ( D. , Mo . ) moves to the House Budget Committee ; Rep. Cardin ( D. , Md . ) replaces him ... . 
Foreign Bonds 
The Justice Department indicated a possible challenge to a court order allowing former National Security Adviser Poindexter to subpoena ex-President Reagan 's personal papers for use in the defense case against Iran-Contra charges . 
`` It 's contrary to common sense , '' she added . 
The United Kingdom reports came from Dr. Patrick Toseland , head of clinical chemistry at Guy 's Hospital in London . 
In addition , British Air officially withdrew its support for the previous $ 300-a-share bid in a terse statement that said `` the original deal is closed . '' 
The method of calculating the 20 % tax , paid if it exceeds tax figured the regular way , is due for a change in 1990 , thanks to 1986 's tax act . 
While the State Department positions itself for the post-Barre period in Somalia , it should continue to back former President Carter 's well-intentioned role as a mediator between Mr. Mengistu and the Eritrean guerrillas in Ethiopia , while concomitantly opening up channels of communications with the Tigrean rebels through neighboring Sudan . 
`` The Odeon made a written offer to Marcia Levine on July 10 to return to work as the maitre 'd , at the same pay , same hours and with back pay accrued , '' he said . 
Previous talks between Pittston , of Greenwich , Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful . 
The Senate will probably vote not long afterward . 
The bill is expected to pass in Congress next month . 
Avery Inc. said it completed the sale of Uniroyal Chemical Holding Co. to a group led by management of Uniroyal Chemical Co. , the unit 's main business . 
`` The events strengthen London 's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks , '' Mr. Gilchrist says . 
The law -- the first of its kind -- requires car rental companies in Texas to charge only `` reasonable '' rates for collision-damage waiver insurance . 
Little matter for Mr. Vila , who complains that `` public TV never paid me more than $ 40,000 a year . '' 
Barbara Hackman Franklin , president of Franklin Associates , was elected a director of this building products maker . 
Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses . 
The previous five reports were mainly statistical , but clear enough in outline . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor . 
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe . 
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
About 140 Mayan , Aztec , Mixtec and Zapotec objects , including some of Mexico 's best-known archaeological treasures , were taken . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % . 
Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program , and nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system . 
Mr. Little said more than 20 people have been convicted in the Wedtech cases , including former U.S. Rep. Mario Biaggi ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
Colgate Palmolive Co. reported third-quarter net income rose 27 % , bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business and surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations . 
`` You ca n't buy anything nowadays . 
And transfer control of much of it to Capitol Hill . 
But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either . 
In the first hour of trading , about one million shares a minute changed hands on the Big Board as big stock-index arbitrage sell programs pushed prices lower . 
Some 250,000 cars normally cross the closed Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco daily . 
It now offers 30 regional editions , it very recently began running ads adjacent to articles , and it has been beefing up its sales force . 
Meantime , shippers with vessels on order from Waertsilae Marine will remain in limbo . 
You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo . 
`` All life is about change -- either you adapt or die , '' says one Chicago futures trader . 
An added feature is that the slighty improved return would be guaranteed by Prudential . 
Many analysts question management 's credibility . 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
At current levels of economic activity and earnings , stocks are fairly valued , she says . 
Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he owned a secret and illegal interest in a beer distributorship ; plotted hidden ownership interests in real estate that presented an alleged conflict of interest ; set up a dummy corporation to buy a car and obtain insurance for his former girlfriend ( now his second wife ) ; and maintained 54 accounts in six banks in Cambria County . 
The debt-laden parent has been under pressure from large shareholders to boost the company 's share price . 
The insurance firm acts as a broker on policies covering buildings managed by HelmsleySpear and others . 
Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean . 
Last year , 25 % of the 10 million bicycles sold in the U.S. were mountain bikes . 
Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements . 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery . 
Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints , and others with a `` relatively minor trade impact '' would be allowed to continue under certain conditions . 
To be sure , one wonders what kind of man is this , who feels compelled to try to understand the most primitive longing and instinct in a way that requires the most sophisticated appreciation of visual storytelling . 
`` If you do n't need the money for 10 years , there 's a clear-cut case for sticking to a steady core of stocks , '' Mr. Gregory says . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $ 32 a share . 
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading . 
The exhibition by the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council underscores the growing U.S. interest in that nation 's market , though trade between the two countries is a minuscule $ 3 billion . 
Mr. Cheng says the low margin required for trading futures attracted a lot of small investors before the 1987 crash who did n't realize that their risk was virtually unlimited . 
The Hildebrandt course enables students to brush up on negotiation skills by role playing in simulated deals . 
-- Robert Gordon . 
`` We 're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets , '' said Mr. Kerschner . 
U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 and 1971 and by 1973 were declining . 
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a healthy rate this fall , machine-tool makers say . 
And eventually , they contend , domestic demand will weaken , forcing companies to emphasize exports again . 
The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension , and USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil . 
Ultimately , whether the insurance provided by purchasing puts is worthwhile depends on the cost of the options . 
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . 
Bar associations and consultants are offering more programs to teach associates all they need to know about law but did n't learn in law school . 
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Drexel therefore agreed instead to an arrangement allowing it to plea to charges `` which the company is not in a position to dispute '' because of RICO . 
But Richard Ketchum , the SEC 's market regulation chief , said he did n't believe `` this will spawn dramatic new program-trading strategies that will be destabilizing . '' 
In `` Wonderful Life : The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History '' ( Norton , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , Mr. Gould makes his case for `` the awesome improbability of human evolution . '' 
As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces . 
Mr. John becomes the latest of many music stars , including George Michael and Whitney Houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink . 
Crude oil prices ended mixed . 
The company says it will increase its international advertising 35 % in 1990 , with bourbon representing most of that amount . 
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business . 
Mr. Rambo says that a 3.2-acre property overlooking the San Fernando Valley is priced at $ 4 million because the late actor Erroll Flynn once lived there . 
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again . 
The music is not especially pianistic ; indeed , it 's hard to imagine a bad performance of it . 
Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added : `` You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it . 
He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 . 
It is not the kind of thing that is likely to be enacted , however . 
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 . 
Amerada Hess 
The transportation and insurance sectors each posted gains of 8.59 , with the transports finishing at 486.74 and the insurers at 537.91 . 
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons . 
Afterward , leaders of the dissident Democrats relented , and said they would n't offer their own proposal as they had planned . 
SELL ` WHISPER ' STOCKS . 
`` Capital spending and exports , which have been the driving force in this expansion , are showing clear signs of having the steam taken out of them , '' said Robert Dederick , economist for Northern Trust Co. in Chicago . 
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down . 
According to Bernard Savaiko , senior commodity analyst at PaineWebber , the only stability to the market came when short sellers periodically moved in to cover their positions by buying contracts . 
N. Nomura & Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Partners lecture on how to form corporations , draft agreements and defend clients against unwanted tender offers . 
It has relinquished a golden share only once before -- during British Petroleum Co. 's # 2.5 billion ( $ 4 billion ) takeover of Britoil PLC in 1988 . 
At the peak of its power and influence a century ago , Lloyd 's dominated the insurance world with a 50 % stake . 
Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away . 
The United Kingdom carrier had planned the issue to help finance its $ 750 million purchase of a 15 % stake in UAL . 
One especially dangerous aspect to the new tax would be that the proceeds will be used to increase the budgets of the antitrust division at Justice and the Federal Trade Commission . 
The Fed chairman 's caution was apparent again on the Monday morning after the market 's plunge , when the central bank took only modest steps to aid the markets . 
Enron Power Corp. , a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant . 
Jeffrey E. Levin was named vice president and chief economist of this commodity futures and options exchange . 
The bids remain subject to evaluation by the federal bankruptcy court supervising PS of New Hampshire 's reorganization . 
The key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro bono , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review . 
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions . 
In this second LBO , KKR with one hand took more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the TV company 's assets and moved it into the Storer cable operations , making them more valuable in a 1988 sale . 
That includes more than $ 9.5 billion issued through August of this year , up sharply from $ 6.5 billion in the comparable 1988 period -- and more than in all of 1987 . 
`` I tried . '' 
Exports reached $ 5.12 billion , up from $ 4.52 billion a year earlier , while imports rose to $ 6.81 billion from $ 5.33 billion . 
Money-fund assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the week ended Tuesday , to a record $ 348.4 billion , according to IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter . 
Seasonal factors are also expected to have taken their toll on September new-home sales , which are believed to have fallen sharply from August 's 755,000 units . 
Where do Americans put their money ? 
Municipals 
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal . 
Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division . 
Indeed , the Soviet miners strike this summer clearly demonstrated that Mr. Gorbachev must proceed with economic reform . 
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction . 
`` In a way , that 's what this is , '' Mr. Gonzalez concedes . 
Markets -- 
Profit at Sears 's Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group nearly quadrupled to $ 81.2 million because of gains on sales of property . 
`` Hard Copy , '' the new syndicated tabloid show from Paramount Pictures , will use its 900 number for additional purposes that include research , says executive producer Mark B. von S. Monsky . 
In the meantime , the money can continue to earn interest for the card holder -- often more than 1 % during that `` float '' period alone . 
I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ... '' 
`` It 's assault-weapons politics , '' says John Siegal , Mr. Dinkins 's issues director , insisting there is a strong racist undertone to the Giuliani effort . 
The scientists at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. isolated a gene that could lead to a generation of plants possessing a high-production trait . 
Richard Bernstein , senior quantitative analyst at Merrill Lynch & Co , says , `` My gut feel is that we 'll live with those swings for a while . '' 
For example , Nissan 's U.S. operations include 10 separate subsidiaries -- for manufacturing , sales , design , research , etc. -- that report separately back to Japan . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets . 
A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that provides a 28 % increase for space research and development and incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Suddenly , George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist . 
The offering , Series 1989-89 , backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities , brings Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 33.2 billion and its total Remic volume to $ 45.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange . 
For people who can ride out market waves through good times and bad , stocks have been rewarding long-term investments . 
But the familiarity of his style also makes his work accessible , as the streets of Cairo come alive for the Western reader as vividly as Dickens 's London or Dostoevski 's St. Petersburg . 
Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter granted slightly lower wage increases than those signed in the second quarter , but wage increases still are running above last year 's levels . 
As a result , the officials said they are open to making a variety of deals with Senate Democrats to win their support for a capital-gains tax cut . 
I do n't know how much got through . 
But since returning to advertising , Maxwell House has regained the lost share and is running neck and neck with archrival Folgers . 
Chancellor Kohl , meanwhile , has invited Mr. Krenz to open discussions with Bonn on a wide range of subjects . 
Analysts said they expected the action , and investors applauded the move . 
The state has combed through records relating to architects , stockbrokers , lawyers in the New York City area , construction workers from out of the state , and homeowners who claim to be residents of other states -- especially Florida , which has no personal income tax . 
When U.S. trading began , Treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single-family homes fell 14 % in September . 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
`` Everybody pretty much pitched in and cooperated , '' said Stan Perez , a sergeant with the California Highway Patrol . 
Appropriations committees have used an assortment of devices to disguise as much as $ 1 billion in spending , and as critics have awakened to these devices , the bill can seem like a wounded caribou trying to make it past ice and wolves to reach safer winter grazing . 
Industry consultants say only Schering-Plough , which makes the mass-market Maybelline , has maintained a meaningful business . 
Starting tomorrow , I 'm stalking you . 
White Males 
It also was n't known what the impact will be on the division 's work , which includes the Navy 's Trident submarine-based missile program and the Air Force 's Strategic Defense Initiative . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt 's attempted corner on silver a decade ago is still haunting the market in this metal . 
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... . 
Their legacy lives on . 
Not only does this come close to a violation of law , it violates the trust we have all worked to develop . '' 
In a new report , the International Council of Shopping Centers said sales of general merchandise in the West for the first seven months of 1989 rose 6.6 % above year-earlier levels . 
) What about banning abortions in the second and third trimesters ? 
The year-before loss was $ 8.4 million , or $ 1.36 a common share . 
`` It liquefies in a patchwork quilt pattern . 
I believe that number reflects a slowing economy . '' 
The Association of Quality Clubs , which puts 1988 industry revenue at $ 5 billion , surveyed the health-conscious over-40 market and found that 43 % exercise regularly . 
In the year-ago period , net included $ 32.7 million from discontinued operations . 
Though for some magazines categories a tough advertising climate persists , the industry in general is doing well compared with the newspaper industry . 
Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown , the fourth against activists in recent days . 
Asia Development and Schroders declined to comment on the move . 
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate . 
The markets are returning to normalcy . '' 
Chiron , another pharmaceutical concern , is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning . 
Warner is part of Warner Communications Inc. , which is in the process of being acquired by Time Warner Inc . 
In the period , the company completed the sale of its European cosmetics businesses , sold a majority interest in its Brazilian affiliate , and announced the reorganization of its over-the-counter drug businesses into a new unit , Schering-Plough Health Care Products . 
Traders trying to profit from the recent volatility in financial markets invaded the Nasdaq over-the-counter market , prompting even more swings in stock prices . 
Even so , `` We 're looking for chaos , '' said George Gray , a deputy district director at the California Department of Transportation . 
The animal-rights movement has n't helped sales . 
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere 's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain . 
Mark Q. Huggins was named executive vice president and chief financial officer . 
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus . 
Ohbayashi Corp. agreed to buy E.W. Howell Co. , the U.S. subsidiary of Selmer-Sande AS , of Norway , for about $ 7 million . 
Lloyd 's said there are currently 115 open account years involving 68 of the market 's roughly 360 syndicates . 
The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets . 
The stock market reacted strongly to the news . 
`` The downsizing of the thrift industry is well under way , '' said Bert Ely , an industry consultant in Alexandria , Va . 
Moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the GM-Toyota price , says Arnold Chase of Bozell Inc . 
Strange that we do n't hear similar criticisms of the East Coast activists who seek to clean up Boston Harbor or rid their beaches of medical waste . 
One of them , a daughter Ariel , died a year ago at age seven after her parents unsuccessfully pleaded for the drug . 
Yet the Rothschilds do n't deny an emotional element to the decision . 
-- Golden Nugget rose 2 to 28 1\/4 . 
Stan Hathcock , an Atlanta garage owner who opposes a longer warranty , estimates that the current plan costs him as much as $ 15,000 a year in lost business . 
The Bush administration is seeking an understanding with Congress to ease restrictions on U.S. involvement in foreign coups that might result in the death of a country 's leader . 
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo . 
`` But that 's just the time when you should be buying them . '' 
However , dozens of bakers , restaurant chefs and other food preparers who flocked to Mr. Maynard 's defense say that products ranging from egg bread to eclairs lose some zip when the eggs come in 30-pound cans instead of shells . 
The group plans to meet in a month to discuss production strategy for early 1990 . 
There are only two large puppets in the program : Pong Pagong and a monkey named Kiko Matsing . 
All this talk of boiler rooms and fraud is unnerving to the city 's legitimate business element . 
Moody 's also confirmed the Prime-1 rating , its highest , on CS First Boston 's commercial paper , or short-term corporate IOUs . 
Mid-sized companies were most affected by talk of layoffs or plant closings . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index fell 1.69 to 341.16 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.88 to 188.89 . 
Judge Hancock did n't return phone calls . 
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship . 
The Citizens Coalition for Economic Justice , a public-interest group leading the charge for radical reform , wants restrictions on landholdings , high taxation of capital gains , and drastic revamping of the value-assessment system on which property taxes are based . 
The historical profession will survive these decisions . 
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity . 
Campeau declined to comment . 
`` I am determined to get an apartment in three years , '' she says . 
`` He said he wanted to show the color of his money , '' recalls Mr. Diebel . 
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday . 
But I still think the fundamentals are poor , '' said Denise Gilbert , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
But Mr. Fitzwater said , `` There will be , I think quite obviously , a very large amount of money required from all levels of government . '' 
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance . 
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying . 
Third , the IMF would like to meet Japan 's request for increased ownership ( currently 4.5 % ) . 
For example , 12 % of this year 's respondents said they expect a recession within 12 months . 
`` I do n't see this as a bear market at all . 
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . 
Insofar as Mr. Dingell has a special interest in NIH and the institutions that receive its funding , the Rockefeller scientists were no doubt discomfited by Dr. Baltimore 's unflattering public opinion of this congressional patron , whose behavior reminded Dr. Baltimore of the McCarthy era . 
Colorado National is a unit of Colorado National Bankshares Inc. and Central is a unit of First Bank System of Minneapolis . 
David T. Kearns , Xerox chairman and chief executive officer , cited the restructuring and `` strong '' cost controls for the 13 % growth in profit from business products and systems operations . 
Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan . 
Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too . 
The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said . 
World prices tumbled , mostly from their own weight , according to analysts . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
`` Fast-food franchisers have managed to squeeze in stores into every corner available . '' 
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire . 
The Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office stressed criminal cases from 1980 to 1987 , averaging 43 for every 100,000 adults . 
Weingarten-Siegel Group Inc. of Manalapan , N.J. , has built Cross Creek Pointe , Allegro Pointe and other Pointes in New Jersey . 
Third-quarter profits fell at several companies . 
Art , says the playwright in `` Wedding Song , '' is `` the surrogate for the action that an idealist like me is unable to take . '' 
Dealers noted that the foreign exchange market 's initial bearish reaction to the U.S. trade figures was tempered later by a `` calmer reassessment of the data . '' 
`` With Krenz , we just do n't know what to expect . '' 
This is keeping the gold traders handcuffed . '' 
Among them , `` banana farmers . '' 
The administration has reacted to criticism that it mishandled the latest coup attempt by seeking to blame Congress for restrictions the White House said have hampered its freedom of action . 
It lets victims elect to deduct casualty losses on either 1989 or amended 1988 returns , whichever offers the larger tax benefit ; they have until April 16 to choose . 
`` All operations have stopped , '' he said . 
GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet , according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . 
`` Power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' Mr. Miller says . 
The answer will be obvious . 
Value Line added , `` With discounts widening on business papers , and with newsprint and corrugated shipments flat , we expect negative earnings comparisons through next year . '' 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. received contracts totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 F-A-18 aircraft for the Navy and helicopter spare parts for the Army . 
Zacks Investment Research counts five brokerage houses that consider the stock a buy , and four that call it a hold . 
Avery paid $ 750 million , including various legal and financing fees , to acquire Uniroyal Chemical , Middlebury , Conn. , in 1986 -- a move that burdened Avery with debt . 
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure . 
Her sister , Cynthia , wishes Toni had a different job . 
A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general . 
Then , too , many individual investors lack the sturdy emotional makeup professionals say is needed to plunge in and out of the market . 
Some victims also were treated at the Letterman Army Medical Center in San Francisco and at the Naval Hospital in Oakland . 
But he implores that the splendor be played down . 
Then as things got rougher , we ran for the door and spent the next few minutes outside watching the brick sidewalk under our feet oozing up and down , and the flowers waving in an eerie rhythm . 
In comparing changes in mortality rates over the past decade , the NCI study looked only at blacks and whites . 
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index-arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions . 
Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $ 20.75 a barrel . 
Moreover , some investors think a recession or renewed airfare wars will pummel airline stocks in coming months . 
Reinforcing such old building stock , Mr. Johnson said , `` comes down to money . 
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
In Texas , abortion opponents want to pass parental-consent legislation along with a statewide ban on the use of public funds , personnel and facilities for abortion , and viability tests for fetuses 19 weeks and older . 
Eric C. Meltzer 
Operating profit in the company 's abrasives segment rose 16 % while operating profit in the engineering materials segment rose 2 % . 
Also , most of the telecommunications equipment was out . 
`` The beautiful look of wool , '' croons the show 's narrator , `` slightly Victorian in its influence ... . '' 
Revenue eased 0.3 % to $ 3.45 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
Montgomery County , Maryland -- $ 75 million of general consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , Series B , via competitive bid . 
Since the spring of 1985 , financial alchemists have transformed a wide variety of debt into these new securities . 
Graham Beale , manager of foreign-exchange operations at Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , added that Mrs. Thatcher 's comments reinforced the market 's growing confidence about sterling and compounded the unit 's later decline . 
Fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest , but by altruism . 
The bank holding company said stock repurchased will be used to meet requirements for the company 's benefit plans . 
Sun Alliance fell 1 to close at 289 , and General Accident jumped 10 to # 10.13 . 
Operating profit from electrical and electronics controls , Eaton 's other major business group , fell 11 % to $ 32 million , despite a 7.7 % increase in sales to $ 376 million . 
`` We 're not asking them to save up 50 proof-of-purchases . 
Since the end of last year , junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including ultra-safe Treasury securities . 
The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report . 
For the nine months , TRW 's net was $ 199 million , or $ 3.22 a share , down 3 % from $ 205 million , or $ 3.33 a share , a year earlier . 
`` Now , I feel maybe there 's a little bit of euphoria . '' 
The harder he tried to push them into large piles , the closer he came to breaking the rake and straining his back . 
Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds . 
D. Wayne Calloway , also chief executive officer of the company , indicated that he expects analysts to raise their forecasts for 1989 after the company releases its earnings today . 
`` I think the next few quarters will be difficult , '' said Steven Milunovich of First Boston . 
For the rest of 1989 , Mr. Hagen said , Conrail 's traffic and revenue `` will reflect the sluggish economy , but Conrail will continue to take steps to control and reduce costs . '' 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5765 , sharply down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
The new converters are `` a critical link between film and the television domain , '' says Joerg D. Agin , vice president and general manager of Kodak 's Motion Picture and Audiovisual Products division . 
The machine is part of an effort by Mips to establish itself as a supplier of computers , not just of integrated-circuit technology . 
He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , '' says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm . 
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 . 
Corporate Issues 
In addition , Mr. Templeton received a dividend of 22 cents a share Oct. 5 . 
In 1979 , the pair split the company in half , with Walter and his son , Sam , agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name . 
Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been `` a meeting of the minds '' with the White House , and that the committee had given Mr. Bush `` a clean slate , '' free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years . 
The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc . 
The extension of federal regulatory authority over telephone utilities in the Atlantic provinces has n't required special legislation because they are investor-owned . 
Meetings canceled by Apple Computer Inc. 's European sales force and by other groups raised the specter of empty hotel rooms and restaurants . 
Largely as a result , Litigation Sciences has more than doubled in size in the past two years . 
In papers filed with the federal district court in Pittsburgh , the Justice Department alleged that the ordinance , by limiting the number of group homes that can be established in the township , makes housing unavailable on account of handicap . 
A Realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it . 
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . 
Mr. Perry , who runs Unilever Group 's world-wide personal-care business , paused to scan the crowd . 
The McLean , Va. , company modifies computers to keep sensitive military data out of unfriendly hands . 
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
More recently , Mr. Krenz has been in charge of East German security , and is the youngest member of the ruling Politburo . 
The maker of farm equipment said the three-year labor agreement with the International Association of Machinists and Aerospace Workers at John Deere Horicon Works , Deere 's primary facility for producing lawn and grounds-care equipment , takes effect immediately and extends through Oct. 1 , 1992 . 
Markets -- 
\* Includes results of Denny 's Inc. , acquired in September 
In an eight-count indictment , the government charged GAF , a Wayne , N.J. , chemical maker , and Mr. Sherwin with illegally attempting to manipulate the common stock of Union Carbide Corp. in advance of GAF 's planned sale of a large block of the stock in 1986 . 
A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said . 
William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. , said Lincoln Savings & Loan Association should have been seized by the government in 1986 to contain losses that he estimated will cost taxpayers as much as $ 2 billion . 
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
CHEVRON CORP. , San Francisco , oil company , annual sales of $ 25.2 billion , NYSE , had minor damage to downtown headquarters , but structural damage closed two of its seven buildings in San Ramone industrial park . 
Just because Stamford , Conn. , High School did nothing when its valuable 1930s mural was thrown in the trash does n't mean the city no longer owns the work of art , a federal judge ruled . 
Senator Byrd is chairman of the Appropriations Committee . 
That total would be important for Drexel . 
Customers and potential customers are suddenly complaining about the stock market in the exact way they did in post-crash 1987 . 
As the report issued by the subcommittee concluded , `` Our government did nothing regarding Gen. Noriega 's drug business and substantial criminal involvement because the first priority was the Contra war . 
CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events . 
That heavily politicized event learned nothing from the horrifying experience , and seems doomed to repeat it . 
Of course , neither President Bush nor the Congress has actually abandoned the Contras or SDI . 
Construction shares that gained included Shimizu , which rose 130 to 2,080 . 
At certain points during the Friday the 13th drop , circuit breakers kicked in on the futures market , slowing trading at times . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
The Hart-Scott filing is then reviewed and any antitrust concerns usually met . 
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold . 
The reactions stem from the fact that the vaccine contains multiple copies of the whole Bordetella pertussis bacterium , which causes whooping cough . 
Under current copyright laws , it is considered `` fair use '' to reproduce copyrighted material for one 's personal use or for use by one 's family or friends , while copying for purposes of resale or profit is prohibited . 
Both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners . 
He said there was n't any way to detect the flaw at that time , and that the process has since been changed to decrease the chance that such flaws would occur . 
He added that he expects to talk to the Democrats who also wanted to cut the gains tax about drafting a joint proposal . 
Six months ago , as some personnel specialists saw it , a perception that President Bush really cared about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of Reagan-era neglect -- was prodding top management to raise hiring goals for females , blacks and other minorities . 
NEW YORK 'S poor face nearly three million legal problems a year without legal help . 
To strengthen its capital base , Banco Exterior this year issued $ 105 million in subordinated debt , launched two rights issues and sold stock held in its treasury to small investors . 
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute . 
`` We wo n't know until the smoke clears -- but yes , we 're looking into it , '' he says . 
Consolidated Rail Corp. , New York , reported that third-quarter net income climbed 4.8 % to $ 87 million , or $ 1.27 a share , exceeding analysts ' expectations . 
Traders say investors are worried that the CDU wo n't be able to hold office in federal elections at the end of 1990 . 
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group . 
Most say they plan to spend more on factory equipment in 1990 than in 1989 . 
Since the most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. in 1986 , there have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions within the European paper industry , he said . 
They have all `` very clearly stated that they have not acquired and are not acquiring shares of AG , '' he said . 
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor . 
The unit has 6,000 customers and , according to one analyst , had 1988 revenue of about $ 85 million . 
Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal research group , said that Latin American countries would be `` profoundly disappointed '' if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS . 
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now . 
Here , at a soccer stadium near the black township of Soweto yesterday , were eight leaders of the African National Congress , seven of whom had spent most of their adult lives in prison for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government . 
With the Hewlett-Packard program , he said , `` You get more bang for the buck you 've spent on computers . '' 
Now at least there are question marks about that , and without any question the pace of growth has slowed . 
But the low average volatility Mr. Phelan is talking about is n't any comfort in a period of rapid stock-market moves like the past week . 
The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event and does n't indicate a souring in relations between the neighboring countries . 
`` I was very frustrated , '' he said . 
Honeywell Inc. , Minneapolis , said it completed its previously announced sale of 16 % of the shares outstanding in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for $ 280 million . 
According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 
It largely rested on its hard-to-fault demographics : 10.8 million subscribers in the first half , up from 10.5 million a year ago ; an average age of 42 for readers -- at the height of their consuming years ; loyalty to the tune of an 85 % average subscription renewal rate . 
By spreading their wealth among several investment alternatives , the respondents have protected themselves against squalls in any one area , be it stocks , bonds or real estate . 
They expect to have a preliminary estimate of the damages in a day or two . 
A week later , the man told Mr. MacInnis he had suffered a mild heart attack unrelated to the massage . 
The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . 
They also said the dollar is leveling off after a rise this summer that helped to reduce the prices of imported goods . 
Heating oil finished at 60.6 cents , down 0.45 cent . 
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Other airline stocks were mixed . 
`` I 'm happy and sad , '' he said . 
By making a break from tradition , Brooks Brothers is seeking a delicate balance . 
Some residents defied orders and returned to `` red '' buildings to retrieve goods . 
The usual problem with including communists in `` interim '' coalition governments is that their ideology and methods require they squeeze out everyone else . 
Kelly Siegler , an assistant district attorney who was in the courtroom , disputed suggestions the action was sexist , saying she had seen Judge Hancock turn away male defendants dressed in shorts , tank tops or muscle shirts `` many times . '' 
A reinsurance company effectively insures insurance companies that wish to spread the risk of a particular policy . 
In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work . 
Other lenders have been recovering only 50 cents to 60 cents on the dollar on foreclosed Arizona property , if they can sell it at all . 
Evelyn Boccone , 85 years old , has lived in the district most of her life . 
The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip . 
But for brain tests , the unwieldy machines `` would have required patients to stand on their heads , '' says Reginald Bickford , a researcher at the University of California at San Diego . 
The Japanese government , Mr. Godown said , has stated that it wants 10 % to 11 % of its gross national product to come from biotechnology products . 
While no one professes to know the exact cost of such a `` brain drain '' to the economy , hardly anyone doubts that it poses a threat . 
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors . 
However , last week Mr. Webster 's two top CIA deputies said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in Panama . 
( People in the phone business call this technology `` 900 click . '' ) 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history , compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles : greed , fraud and plain bad banking . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained . 
He said Chase and the Atlas estate were looking to sell the entire building for $ 400 million to $ 475 million , but did n't get an offer for more than $ 375 million . 
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored . 
Even the Soviet Union came , for the first time in 24 years , to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue `` Kompakt '' model . 
Mr. Icahn advocates the sale of the company 's steel operations , and Mr. Corry does n't necessarily disagree . 
`` In that sense , the whole debate is sort of a fraud , '' argues a Democratic Senate staff member . 
The newly identified genes differ from a family of genes discovered in the early 1980s called oncogenes . 
Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has attracted offers for some of its advertising units , with potential suitors including Interpublic Group , but has rejected them , people familiar with the company said . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L . 
Soybean futures for November delivery gained 5.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 5.66 a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade . 
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision . 
A one-time noncontract full-page advertisement in The Wall Street Journal national edition will cost $ 99,385 . 
Seita and Matra currently are negotiating with city officials for the right to begin service . 
In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize `` negative reaction '' from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense . 
The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % . 
Dr. Knudson found that some children with the eye cancer had inherited a damaged copy of chromosome No. 13 from a parent who had had the disease . 
Without the Adobe gain , Apple 's full-year operating profit edged up 1.5 % to $ 406 million , or $ 3.16 a share , from $ 400.3 million , or $ 3.08 a share . 
He cautions that early damage estimates are often low ; the damage totals in Hurricane Hugo increased tenfold as more information was received . 
Recently , Japan has been buying copper elsewhere . 
Mr. Bush has struck a deal with congressional leaders to provide nonlethal aid to the Contras until Nicaragua holds national elections next February . 
LDI leases and sells data-processing , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment . 
The regulations , required under legislation enacted by Congress last year , will apply to imports of vehicles that were n't built to meet U.S. government auto safety standards and were intended for use in Europe or elsewhere abroad . 
Source : Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
And , while the mutinous Fed member has n't gone public , some Fed governors , most notably Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , are known to have disagreed with the chairman 's decision to remain silent . 
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen . 
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index . 
Martin Fabi , Innopac 's president and chief executive , said Innopac viewed Mr. Pattison 's decision to seek control as a `` very positive '' move . 
The process typically begins when an institution , such as Citibank or Sears , Roebuck & Co. , takes a pool of credit-card or other receivables and sells them to a specially created trust . 
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan . 
As we know , voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president than in those for Congress . 
`` This deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at New York Telephone . '' 
Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands . 
Nippon Meat Packers Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi International Europe . 
But if , as many now fear , Waertsilae Marine joins the ranks of failed shipyards it might turn out to be remembered most as a blemish on Finland 's international reputation . 
Between 1981 and 1986 , the most recent five-year period for which figures are available , Lloyd 's reported over # 3.6 billion in claims and reserves against future losses ( $ 5.7 billion at today 's exchange rates ) , more than double the # 1.35 billion posted in the previous five-year period . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
Ford Motor Co. 's Merkur , the company 's first new car franchise in the U.S. since the Edsel was unveiled in 1957 , now will share Edsel 's fate . 
But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly . 
Elaborating on the concern about doctors ' sacrificing earnings in order to spend `` talk time '' with patients , we are finding the quality of the time spent is the key to true rapport . 
The overall London market , following Wall Street 's early nosedive , took a late beating . 
That raised hopes that interest rates will continue to move lower . 
But the U.S. companies are redoubling their efforts . 
At Wells Rich , Ms. Heller will concentrate on accounts that include Philip Morris 's Benson & Hedges cigarette brand , which relies on print ads , Ms. Heller 's specialty . 
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames . 
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.93 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen . 
Yesterday , for example , `` the durable goods numbers came out for September and the number was down only 0.1 % , '' she said . 
Mr. Wall 's deputies complained that they had n't been given an opportunity to respond to the criticism brought out during the Banking Committee 's hearings , which Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) has used as a forum to flay Mr. Wall 's handling of the affair and to demand that he step aside from his job . 
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom . 
In fact , during last year 's campaign , the entire nation constantly heard Mr. Bush tout his accomplishments as head of the Task Force on Regulatory Relief . 
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million . 
Mrs. Hoffman says that dramatization `` makes the truth flexible . 
Over at the fiberglass factory , four white workers assemble water tanks on their own , and in their spare time they build townhouses across the road . 
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million . 
He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles `` juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw . '' 
Crested Butte , population 1,200 , is a bastion of the sport . 
The reported figures for the public sector borrowing requirement include receipts from the sale of state-owned industries . 
Worse , it remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam . 
The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide . 
Overall , the portfolio narrowed its quarterly loss to $ 70 million from $ 80 million a year earlier . 
Its castle , Mr. Schaeffer says , will be `` the most compelling piece of folk architecture ever built . '' 
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates . 
Free markets , free minds and free elections have an appeal that seems to get muddled only when delivered through U.N. organizations -- which of course are made up largely of governments that fear these principles at home . 
The unit represents a small portion of Minneapolis-based Control Data 's overall computer-servicing business , which last year posted sales of about $ 400 million . 
Dictation Device 's Saga Plays Back a Lesson 
They do n't flinch at writing them . 
`` At some point , it will become non-economical for one company . 
`` We make what we know how to make , '' says business manager Richard Mazzera . 
Traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender . 
The show 's symbol is a woman riding on a snail , not your usual metaphor for speed and agility . 
It also plans to add suits cut for athletic men with broader upper bodies . 
He earlier denied the allegations against him in the lawsuit by Norton and GE . 
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick . 
South Korean exports to the U.S. during the period fell 1.6 % from a year ago to $ 15.06 billion , while imports from the U.S. soared 26 % to $ 11.56 billion . 
Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary . 
Stock-market tremors again shook bond prices , while the dollar turned in a mixed performance . 
`` Do n't you think I ought to get a commission ... or part of your fee in this case ? '' Mr. Green said the judge asked him . 
Some fund managers say inflows could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of Friday 's 190.58 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
In February , Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units . 
TransCanada declined to comment on the Foothills application . 
I suggest that three themes have come together in the strange case of Dr. Morgan . 
The primitive operations also burst out the back door into a small courtyard , where an ancient press squeezes rubber solution into a flat strip and newly made tires are cooled in a bathtub filled with water . 
( Mr. Moon 's Paragon House eventually even published three of my co-edited books on religion and politics . ) 
The drop is particularly large for white males , although black males and white and black women also show lower mortality rates . 
Shanghai Investment & Trust Co. , known as Sitco , is the city 's main financier for trading business . 
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions . 
Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business . 
Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill , saying the noise it requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation and even errors . 
Corporate planners can plan again . 
The recent stock market drop has shaken confidence in the plan , but dealers said the shares fell initially on questions about whether Mr. Goldsmith 's highly leveraged bid will come to fruition . 
Few petitions , however , have actually delayed or scuttled mergers . 
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market . 
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages . 
But Maidenform officials say that after spending 24 years at Maidenform , Mr. Lesk , 48 , made it clear he wanted the top job . 
Much has been accomplished and public opinion decisively supports the government and the army -- but , on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured . 
Borrowers ' incentives are equally skewed . 
Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September . 
For instance , K mart is opening big food and general merchandise stores , called hypermarkets , and warehouse-type stores specializing in office products and sporting goods . 
The operating territory includes coal terminals on the Ohio River and in Newport News , Va . 
The larger parallel after the earthquake centered south of San Francisco is surely with the state of the U.S. economy . 
Fundamental factors are at work as well . 
International Proteins shares did n't trade yesterday on the American Stock Exchange . 
`` They shot the whole orchestra just because the piano player hit a bad note , '' said Laszlo Birinyi , president of Birinyi Associates Inc. , referring to the stock market 's plunge Friday on news of trouble in financing the UAL Corp . buy-out . 
The Capcom Futures unit withdrew from Board of Trade membership voluntarily in August , a Board of Trade spokesman said . 
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . '' 
Bankers Trust added $ 1.6 billion to reserves for Third World loans , the latest big bank to take such a step . 
Mr. Kloves has put together some priceless moments . 
Some businesses -- like Disneyland -- claim that even if they became isolated in a crisis , they would be able to feed and care for their people for as long as five days . 
Only 36 of 1,200 priority cleanup sites have been `` decontaminated . '' 
`` We have to make it attractive enough that { holders } would accept it , '' Sir John said . 
Moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales . 
Y.J. Park and her family scrimped for four years to buy a tiny apartment here , but found that the closer they got to saving the $ 40,000 they originally needed , the more the price rose . 
It already has sold its retail , or individual-investor , brokerage network ; securities firms do n't need brokerage licenses for non-retail activities such as investment banking . 
The studio says it stuck with them `` even in the early years when the creative partnership was not particularly profitable for Warner . '' 
Hasbro said it had net income of $ 31.3 million , or 53 cents a share , up from $ 18.1 million , or 31 cents a share , a year earlier , when it took a pretax charge of $ 10 million after dropping development of an interactive video entertainment system . 
Mr. Dorsch says the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that ca n't get insurance without excluding certain employees . 
In fact , at one point Merry Chase ( Melinda Mullins ) , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry . 
Worried by European Community directives that will remove many of the barriers to cross-border insurance services , starting in mid-1990 , insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars . 
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here . 
`` For the first time in my life , I was n't sure whether I was listening to our news or West German television . '' 
Kidder officials stand by their aggressive use of program trading . 
The exchange also may step up its disclosure of firms engaged in program trading , these people said . 
Grumman Corp. won a $ 58.9 million Navy contract for 12 F-14 aircraft . 
Asked to comment , a spokesman for Mr. Scott said : `` Mr. Scott has spoken to his attorney , who has advised him not to talk to anybody . '' 
Jay Freedman , analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co. , said P&G 's Always sanitary napkin , sold under the Whisper name in Japan , has firmly established itself as a leading brand . 
In addition to the $ 15.6 billion of Treasury bills to be sold at next week 's regular Monday auction , the government will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year Treasury notes . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
Her husband and older son -- a computer prodigy profiled in The Wall Street Journal in 1981 , when he was 13 -- run a software company with expected sales this year of $ 10 million . 
Revenue rose 11 % , to $ 8 billion from $ 7.2 billion . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
CBS may remain a distant No. 3 in that regard . 
Drexel has to settle with state securities regulators in the wake of its criminal guilty plea and a related civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission that includes payment of $ 650 million in penalties . 
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
He will also remain a director , US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees . 
In 1984 , the Costa Rican government requested help to establish a radio station in the northern part of the country , flooded by airwaves of Sandinista propaganda . 
On leasing , Bob Djurdjevic at Annex Research said he thinks IBM has hurt itself unnecessarily . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 26 . 
Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes , a move that , in effect , raised the cost of a $ 7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $ 3 billion . 
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said . 
LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5\/8 to 112 5\/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . 
CMS is nearly done converting the Midland plant to a gas-fired cogeneration facility at a cost of $ 600 million . 
`` The contract is definitely important to the exchange , '' says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission . 
The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate , and Mr. Bush also is threatening to veto any agreement that preserves Senate-passed provisions renewing U.S. support for the United Nations Fund for Population Activities . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
Allies concerned about the deadline include the British , French and smaller NATO allies , some of whom do n't have adequate staffs to provide quick answers to the questions being raised by what generally are considered the most complex arms-control talks ever attempted . 
If the programs continue their present path , the potential government losses are staggering : The federal government holds $ 222 billion in direct loans outstanding and backs an additional $ 550 billion in primary guarantees . 
Older people help profits by filling in `` downtime . '' 
First Boston , whose holding company , CS First Boston Group , is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on Wall Street , said it is also concerned that once the SEC has the power to monitor holding companies , it will try to regulate their activities . 
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first . 
Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . 
Mary Anne Sudol , an analyst at Fitch Investors in New York , said automotive suppliers were reporting lower profit almost `` across the board . '' 
One answer is that big companies are growing weary of fighting environmental movements and are trying instead to cash in on them , although they never care to put it quite that way . 
Advanced Cardiovascular Systems Inc. and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. units led growth in the medical-instrument systems division . 
The fact is that as a savings or investment vehicle , insurance generally runs a poor second to any direct investment you might make in the same things the insurance company is putting your money into . 
A spokeswoman adds , however , that the group is considering offering `` a behavior-modification course , similar to a smoking-cessation program , to teach people ways to stay with it . '' 
Proceeds of the issue will be used for general government purposes . 
The election , which would bring the first major union to Federal 's U.S. operations , has pitted new hires against devoted veterans such as Mr. Brown . 
In addition , the officials say Israel has n't presented convincing evidence these acts were ordered by Fatah or by any group Mr. Arafat controls . 
Dictaphone Corp. was caught off guard in 1974 when its main competitor , Lanier Office Products of Japan , introduced a microcassette dictation recorder half the size of standard cassette devices . 
Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % . 
The South African Broadcasting Corp. said the song `` Freedom Now '' was `` undesirable for broadcasting . '' ... 
Whitbread of Britain put its spirits division up for sale , setting off a scramble among distillers . 
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans . 
That 's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area , it sees an economic and demographic gold mine . 
The purchase comes after nearly three years of on-again off-again talks between TCI and Viacom , which has also discussed the sale of an interest in Showtime with other cable operators . 
Experts are predicting a big influx of new shows in 1990 , when a service called `` automatic number information '' will become widely available . 
TV GUIDE : 
William Coors is their uncle . 
Wisconsin Toy currently has about 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
But this time it 's hurting opposition as well as ruling-party members . 
Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
Trading volume was a moderately heavy 3.1 million shares . 
However , the total value declined for deals of $ 100 million and up . 
Nissan says it will introduce its first system next month on the Infiniti Q45 luxury sedan , and Toyota 's Celica coupe will go on sale with the suspension device next spring . 
Bob Evans Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its common . 
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools . 
`` It was a powerful point in my career , '' says the 31-year-old Mr. MacInnis , who has since taken out a $ 1 million liability policy for his business . 
The results include $ 106 million of tax benefits associated with previous years ' Third World loan activity , compared with $ 15 million a year earlier . 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of Michigan First general bonds , including $ 70 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 10 million of recreation project bonds , via a Shearson Lehman Hutton group . 
Increasingly , economists say the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry . 
Mr. Kume made the earnings projection for fiscal 1990 , ending next March 31 , in an interview with U.S. automotive writers attending the Tokyo Motor Show . 
Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia . 
`` But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's . 
Of course , there were sell programs in past years , too , but they seem to hurt market makers more painfully these days . 
It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily . 
Amid charges of `` timidity '' on Panama and elsewhere , the president was n't about to offend his most energetic constituency . 
Barbra Streisand made him famous . 
And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation . 
Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year and Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in Sante Fe Pacific . 
The common view , says Abby Cohen , strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , is that there will be `` mild economic growth , modest profit expansion , and things are going to be hunky-dory . 
Under terms of the three-year contract , Martin Marietta said it will make and install 267 of the new machines at 156 postal offices . 
`` The quality of earnings was n't as high as I expected , '' said Eric Philo , an analyst for Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Nevertheless , Rep. Gerry Studds of Massachusetts was handily re-elected because of the candor with which he handled revelations that he had sex with a male congressional page in 1983 . 
The passwords are included in the system software when it is installed but are supposed to be replaced as soon as the system is up and running . 
He will succeed Arthur E. Himebaugh as general manager Feb. 1 , when Mr. Himebaugh retires . 
A U.S. counterterrorism official said experts are studying the Israeli list . 
The Queks control the Hong Leong Group , which has widespread interests in manufacturing , property and finance in both Malaysia and Singapore . 
`` I think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence . '' 
The construction industry is sure to feel increased demand . 
After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
And while Sotheby 's chief rivals in the art world , private art dealers , `` wo n't be happy to hear it , '' she adds , `` a number of { the artworks } have already been sold , and at a substantial profit . '' 
And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions . 
There is a lot of waste . 
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them . 
For their part , the group of Democrats are working on a plan that , like the Packwood proposal , would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Mr. Gintel said Xtra `` has pursued business strategies that are n't in the best interest of stockholders . 
Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . 
Mr. Driscoll said that , despite continued weakness in the region 's real estate market , Bank of New England expects the rate of increase in nonperforming assets to slow in coming quarters . 
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall . 
At the time , Japan had just opened its doors to the world after about 250 years of isolation and needed a Western-style business center . 
The OECD said that most of the improvement occurred in the second half of last year ; since February of this year , unemployment has been steady at around 6.2 % of the labor force . 
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week . 
A crusade of NO to the consumption of drugs is imperative . 
Trinity Rep meanwhile is one of the nation 's oldest and most respected regional theaters , still hosting an annual `` A Christmas Carol . '' 
Share prices on the Frankfurt stock exchange closed sharply lower in thin dealings as worried investors remained idle as the result of two potentially destabilizing domestic developments . 
But even that goal may prove optimistic . 
At this week 's U.N. conference in Lausanne , they imposed a global ivory ban that seeks to overturn local policies . 
According to Fred Demler , metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , New York , `` Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon . '' 
USA Today reported that the Rales brothers , Washington , D.C.-based investors who made an unsuccessful offer to acquire Interco last year , have bought nearly 3 % of Mead 's common shares . 
Nor is Tokyu the only Japanese retailer interested in Bloomingdale 's , which bankers in Tokyo estimate could cost between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
Yield on the issue was 7.88 % . 
That 's because they only drop `` mere names , '' says Mr. Churchill . 
Throughout 1988 and this year , I and others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan for pushing this `` narcokleptocrat '' out of Panama . 
In the Grand Boulevard Plaza developed by Matanky Realty Group in Chicago 's Third Ward , opposite the Robert Taylor Homes , 29 % of the stores to date have been leased to blacks and 14 % to members of other minority groups . 
But it gave ground to Mr. Inouye on a number of projects , ranging from a $ 11 million parking garage here , to a land transfer in Hawaii , to a provision to assist the Makwah Indian Tribe in Washington state . 
The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September , but a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 or 178.9 , up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 . 
The NIH is asking grant recipients and others for comments on the proposed guidelines until Dec. 15 . 
When Mr. Glass decides to get really fancy , he crosses his hands and hits a resonant bass note with his right hand . 
One newer wrinkle , so called single-premium life ( you pay for the whole policy at once ) , has been immensely popular in recent years for tax reasons ; the insured could extract cash value in the form of policy `` loans , '' and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment . 
Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt , but the opposition drew an unusual mix of senators , including Republicans Jesse Helms and Warren Rudman and Democrats Bill Bradley and John Glenn . 
William O'Donnell , president , says he still thinks the IPO will succeed . 
A spokeswoman for the St. Louis aerospace and defense concern said it wanted the acquistion because Applied Solar is involved in solar cells and solid-state laser components , and this fits with McDonnell 's business of laser applications for military space . 
Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable . 
The company suffered a loss of $ 270 million in 1985 , but its financial situation has been improving since then . 
By contrast , surgical abortion is 99 % effective . 
In an interview , Mr. Thomson , who is married and has three grown children , says he has few ties to baseball these days , other than playing old-timers games now and again . 
Birtcher Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with C.R. Bard Inc. , a Murray Hill , N.J. , maker of health-care products , for the purchase of the company 's Bard\/EMS Electrosurgery division for about $ 11 million . 
Similarly , Alfred Rubega , New Hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about Drexel , so it really could n't press the issue . 
In the process , `` Batibot , '' an archaic Filipino word meaning `` strong '' or `` enduring , '' has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language . 
The next day , as she prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks , which will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris , she jumps at the slightest noise . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Mr. Phillips and Mr. Roman are indeed quite similar in substance , if not in style . 
`` I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday . 
World-wide sales of Trident gum , Certs breath mints , and Clorets gum and breath mints , increased 12 % to $ 277 million . 
DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition . 
Mr. Williams said the exercise price is $ 125 , meaning holders would have the right to buy $ 250 of Rubbermaid stock for half price , diluting the investor 's 25 % stake . 
West Germany 's BMW commissioned the Nuremberg post office to test a prototype battery-powered car . 
A major goal is to cut the working week to 35 hours from the present 37 . 
A Par spokesman said he understood the criminal investigation in Maryland relates to matters Par disclosed in July , when Par said it filed false drug information with the FDA . 
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables . 
Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E ( repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 ) : `` Third and Oak : The Pool Hall . '' 
New York-based Hearst Corp. this fall plans to publish its first issue of 9 Months , a magazine for expectant mothers , and has already launched American Home . 
While they can target some of the most obvious miscreants , enforcers concede that they are only scratching the surface . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline . 
The schools ' central mission , educating children , became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions . 
The two companies , like Fox , already have their own TV stations . 
Like many sports buffs , Mr. Engelken has turned cynic . 
But in the harsh world of today 's Wall Street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less scrupulous successors . 
But interest waned as the day wore on and investors looked ahead to the release later this week of two important economic reports . 
BSB BANCORP Inc. , Binghamton , N.Y. , said it increased its regular quarterly dividend 50 % , to 15 cents a share from 10 cents . 
Mr. Hoelzer did n't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge 's decision . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
`` If we 've got folks out there who are being turned away in the mortgage market improperly and unfairly , '' said Sen. Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich. ) , chairman of the banking committee , `` then that is a matter that needs remedy now , not six months from now , or six years from now , or 26 years from now . '' 
Although the Tiger acquisition has brought Federal a long way toward becoming the global player it wants to be , it also has brought problems . 
All the ships are covered by loan guarantees from a state export financing agency , even though it 's not clear whether they will actually be built . 
Nguyen Van Chan is living proof that old ways die hard . 
The complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict . 
Last week , for instance , Compaq introduced its first notebook computer to rave reviews . 
But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit `` withstood the earthquake perfectly , '' said Mr. Engelken , adding that the rail system was running a full fleet of 45 trains during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers . 
The Hammacks ' own home , also in Los Gatos , suffered comparatively minor damage . 
But it wo n't be a boom again . 
Investors `` are buying stocks that have predictable earnings , '' said Edward J. Laux , head of block trading at Kidder Peabody . 
After the collapse of the last effort , the group does n't plan to make any formal proposal without binding commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed . 
But in a TV interview Sunday Mr. Bond said , `` We 've taken a big loss . 
It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit . 
Here , they are searching for a higher price . 
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high . 
The exchange should take a pro-active position . '' 
All you get is risk . '' 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the noncallable issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
AmBase Corp. , New York , awarded the ad account for its Home Insurance Co. unit to Biederman , Kelly & Shaffer , New York . 
`` Our image is a company that makes women 's products , '' said a Wacoal spokesman . 
The obvious reason was ( for British Air ) to buy a stake in United Airlines . '' 
In other earthquake-related news , Hambrecht & Quist 's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday and its positions were frozen for the day by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
We could still have a recession '' at some point . 
That facility should reopen today . 
`` Until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , '' said Mark Steinkrauss , Digital 's director of investor relations . 
That would require fourth-quarter net of more than about 22 cents to 24 cents a share , assuming that Mr. Stein 's third-quarter estimate proves accurate . 
Gold , a closely watched barometer of investor anxiety , was little changed . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of its new guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul . 
As part of the move , its affiliated U.S. company , International Components Technology Corp. , purchased a Mexican plant formerly belonging to KSI Disc Products Inc . 
Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680 , up 150 . 
The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action against employees who provided information during the federal inquiry . 
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
`` The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations , '' says Ernesto Vega Velasco , Desc 's finance director . 
In fact , Ms. Volokh was n't just a rich lady who needed a hobby . 
According to Mr. Rohs , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales at company-owned Wendy 's units in the U.S. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 1989 , except for August . 
The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily . 
Du Pont Co. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Los Alamos National Laboratory said they signed a three-year , $ 11 million agreement to collaborate on superconductor research . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
He is co-author of `` Personal Productivity : How to Increase Your Satisfaction in Living '' ( M.E. Sharp , 1988 ) . 
But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 . 
The commission order named the following companies : Ticor Title Insurance Co. of California , a unit of Los Angeles-based Ticor ; Chicago Title Insurance Co. and Safeco Title Insurance Co. , units of Chicago Title & Trust Co. ; Lawyers Title Insurance Corp. , a unit of Richmond , Va.-based Universal Corp. ; and Stewart Title Guaranty Co. , a unit of Houston-based Stewart Information Services Corp . 
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe . 
As the stock market lurched into a 190-point free fall on Oct. 13 , Mr. Breeden found himself scurrying around the sixth floor of the SEC -- from his desk , where the New York Stock Exchange was on an open line , to his assistant 's office , where the Commodity Futures Trading Commission was connected , to a third room , where a computer monitored market moves . 
B.A.T Industries surged in afternoon dealings after its shareholders approved a plan to dispose of its U.S. and U.K. retailing operations to fend off Hoylake Investment 's # 13.4 billion ( $ 21.33 billion ) hostile bid . 
The spokesman says the `` glitch '' in the statute is `` the worst kind of Catch-22 . '' 
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians . 
One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November , before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9 . 
Mr. Kimmel was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 1980 . 
`` She wants things to be exciting . 
Claiborne shares closed yesterday at $ 25.125 , up 50 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
In a statement , US Facilities said Mr. Percival 's employment contract calls for him to act as a consultant to the company for two years . 
The premium of cash copper to the three-month forward offerings narrowed , indicating weaker demand for cash copper . 
$ 200 million of floating-rate notes due November 1994 , paying six-month London interbank offered rate plus 3\/16 point and priced at par via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
But some indexers make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors . 
Golar Gas Holding Co. , a subsidiary of Gotaas-Larsen Shipping Corp. , offering of $ 280 million first preferred ship mortgage notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad-based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet . 
The proposal has set off a lively debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with . 
`` They all said they invested huge amounts of money . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Sears shares closed at $ 40.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
WEIRTON STEEL Corp. said it completed a $ 300 million sale of 10-year notes , the final step in the 1984 buy-out of the company from National Steel Corp . 
GM said the assembly plant , which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars , originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30 . 
Dow Jones futures index 129.62 , off 0.51 ; spot index 131.34 , up 0.88 . 
Nor did it ease restrictions on exports to Poland and Hungary , according to U.S. officials who attended the talks . 
Some dealers said that the market 's strong reaction to Wall Street reflects a general uneasiness about the dollar . 
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior . 
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago . 
Conventional wisdom has long held that anywhere from one-fourth to one-half of all elderly long-term care patients are obliged to spend themselves into poverty before qualifying for Medicaid assistance . 
INMAC CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer accessories , annual sales of $ 250 million , OTC , said telephones were out at its headquarters but service should be restored by today . 
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns . 
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) . 
William J. Montgoris , chief financial officer , defended the lofty salaries at Bear Stearns . 
Backlog at General Dynamics rose to $ 16.5 billion from $ 15.8 billion . 
In an invention that drives Verdi purists bananas , Violetta lies dying in bed during the prelude , rising deliriously when then she remembers the great parties she used to throw . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Richard J. Pinola was elected to the board of this personnel consulting concern , increasing its size to nine members . 
In such situations , you can not write rules in advance , you can only make sure the President takes the responsibility . 
That level of production did n't take its toll on futures prices for the fourth quarter , when demand is traditionally strong . 
As a group , their cash position of 10.2 % of assets in August -- the latest figure available -- is 14 % higher than two years earlier . 
The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , Oriental , repetitive , cyclical , monophonic and hypnotic , are relentlessly tonal ( therefore unthreatening ) , unvaryingly rhythmic ( therefore soporific ) , and unflaggingly harmonious but unmelodic ( therefore both pretty and unconventional ) . 
Kidder Peabody became the most recent firm to swear off stock-index arbitrage trading for its own account , and Merrill Lynch late yesterday took the major step of renouncing the trading strategy even for its clients . 
However , Mr. Steinhardt says he 's `` comfortable holding USAir as an investment . '' 
`` Unless it gets more help , the U.S. industry wo n't have a chance , '' says Peter Friedman , Photonics 's executive vice president . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
`` It was a case of human error , which we found almost immediately and corrected , '' a spokesman for Reuter in New York said . 
NASA said it will take about a week before it knows exactly how many centers of the 6,000 connected to Internet were affected and the extent of the damage , if any . 
So despite Wall Street 's rosy talk of quickly `` maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait . 
In return , the agreement would force UAP to buy TransAtlantic 's 29.8 % holding in Sun Life or sell its 22.9 % stake to TransAtlantic at a price set by Transatlantic . 
David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 . 
The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials could n't be reached for comment . 
Earlier this month , McCaw revised its offer to $ 125 a share for 22 million LIN shares . 
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday . 
As a result of the transaction , which is expected to be approved at a shareholders meeting Nov. 24 , Giovanni Agnelli & Co. will control 79.18 % of IFI 's ordinary shares . 
Kenneth M. Evans , president of Thompson & Formby brand , was named group vice president of the do-it-yourself operating group . 
In addition , the 1988 results included a $ 20 million charge reflecting a reserve for relocation related expenses at American Television & Communications Corp . 
`` If he had been found guilty , we could have stopped him . '' 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
These changes come a tad late for Princeton\/Newport , the first RICOed securities firm . 
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money . 
Some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice outweigh the drawbacks . 
Indeed . Recently , the trust failed to auction off the paper mill , a bank , an office building and a small cotton-ginning plant . 
In each case the ending of this unsustainable inflation caused a severe recession -- the two worst of the postwar period . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
That `` business '' risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio . 
The most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading . 
The probe involves testing procedures used on certain government contracts by the company 's Metatrace unit . 
Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate `` any problems '' with the completion of the transaction . 
Later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection . 
On Tuesday , the Tokyo stock price index of all first section issues was down 6.31 at 2681.22 . 
`` The market is concerned about its ability to underwrite all this debt at current levels . '' 
In a distressing number of cases , no . 
The older one looks like a member of the jury for a literary award , the younger one looks like a novelist . 
His doubts stemmed from the fact that several years earlier a Princeton University researcher , Arnold Levine , had found in experiments with mice that a gene called p53 could transform normal cells into cancerous ones . 
`` This is one of the worst trade releases we 've had since the dollar troughed out in 1987 , '' said Geoffrey Dennis , chief international economist at James Capel Inc . 
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children . 
Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive , says Maurice Geiger , founder and director of the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier , Vt. , a public interest group that researches rural justice issues . 
Additionally , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
`` He 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , '' adds an aide to West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . 
Chrysler has also launched a $ 1 billion cost-cutting program that will cut about 2,300 white-collar workers from the payroll in the next few months . 
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces . 
The firm also raised the percentage of bonds in its model portfolio from 40 % to 45 % and later to 55 % . 
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes . 
The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families , the gene , when inherited in a damaged form , may predispose women to the cancer . 
Some investors whose names were bandied about by traders as potential UAL stock buyers said they were n't buying . 
Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 . 
Big U.S. distillers are fiercely vying for this market , which grew to $ 77 million last year from $ 33 million in 1987 , according to government figures . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Douglas B. Evans 
But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory . 
Prof. Arbel urges investors to discard stocks in small companies . 
Manville Corp. said it will build a $ 24 million power plant to provide electricity to its Igaras pulp and paper mill in Brazil . 
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , David Runkel , said . 
The restaurant operator had 32.2 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 29 . 
The 30-share index ended 12.6 points higher at 1751.9 . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Italian car manufacturer Fiat said it is n't interested in partnership or industrial cooperation with Swedish auto and aerospace group Saab-Scania AB , which faces heavy losses in its car division . 
New York City -- $ 786,860,000 of bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 729.04 million tax-exempt bonds and $ 57.82 million taxable bonds , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
The rise of superintendents such as Joseph Fernandez and Ted Kimbrough suggests plainly the process of disintegration in many school systems . 
We do not depend on pharmaceutical companies for our support . 
First they get us to buy computers so we can get more information . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 150.8 million , or $ 1.20 a share , from $ 223 million , or $ 1.71 a share , a year ago . 
The opening credits are being redone , Mr. Nelson said , `` to make Teddy 's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning . 
Honeywell Inc. said it hopes to complete shortly the first of two sales of shares in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for about $ 280 million . 
Even modest amounts of additional output by those with the huge extra capacity and reserves , such as Saudi Arabia and Iraq , could upset the market . 
That index , which contains technology companies with annual revenues of $ 200 million or less , gained 17.97 % by Sept. 30 this year -- still lagging the S&P 500 , but leading larger technology firms . 
Charles D . Way , president of this restaurant operator , assumed the additional post of chief executive officer . 
Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default . 
`` They 'll go from being one of the most leveraged to one of the least leveraged casino companies , '' said Daniel Lee , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
More recently , he negotiated `` indemnification '' clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account . 
Fiat 's rejection of partnership with Saab means that the Swedish company , which announced last Friday that its pretax profit for the first eight months plummeted 49 % , will have to look for a partner among other car manufacturers as both Ford Motor Corp. and Fiat have turned down the offer . 
They accuse the Democrats of unfairly using Senate rules to erect a 60-vote hurdle . 
Undeterred , D.T. 's handlers vowed to press on . 
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations . 
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others . 
Most of the telephone problems in the immediate aftermath stemmed from congestion . 
In the nine months , net rose 4.3 % to $ 525.8 million or $ 4.67 a share , from $ 504.2 million , or $ 4.41 a share , last year . 
Seventh chords make you feel as though he may break into a ( very slow ) improvisatory riff . 
Bus schedules were sometimes in disarray , stranding commuters such as Marilyn Sullivan . 
Short-term rates were unchanged to slightly lower . 
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing . 
Bush assured Roh that the U.S. would stand by its security commitments `` as long as there is a threat '' from Communist North Korea . 
`` The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst . 
Employees of the Globe and Mail , a Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto , voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike at Canada 's leading daily . 
`` Magazines are not providing us in-depth information on circulation , '' said Edgar Bronfman Jr. , president and chief operating officer of Seagram , in a panel discussion . 
But , he added , `` Since the late 1960s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal . 
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said it applied to Taiwanese securities officials for permission to open brokerage offices in Taipei . 
`` Because there is a lot more volatility now , if guys see that they can make a quick 10 % or 15 % profit , they 'll take it . '' 
But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976 , and still are n't common because of share restrictions that companies are allowed to maintain . 
Though Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and skittish advertisers who bristled at its frank editorial matter on teen-age problems . 
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market . 
The Senate voted to authorize $ 4.5 billion for SDI spending in the current fiscal year , but the House , reflecting a dramatic erosion of support for the program , earmarked only $ 3.1 billion . 
A professional magician and musician , he heads the Pittsburgh branch of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way . 
Great Northern Nekoosa said , `` The odds of the dire predictions about us being right are small . '' 
On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters . 
However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel . 
Indeed , institutions already are taking note . 
Mr. Toney also declined to comment . 
The Egg King carries written instructions to break only high-grade eggs that have been properly sanitized and , as an added precaution , to use the eggs only in products that will be cooked enough to kill bacteria . 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
Advertisers attribute this shared loyalty to the striking similarity among brands . 
Chicago has the largest population of citizens of Polish heritage in any city outside Poland . 
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar . 
Mr. Cathcart , who will return to the Quaker Oats Co. board of directors , in addition to his personal ventures , is credited with bringing some basic budgeting and planning discipline to traditionally free-wheeling Kidder . 
Two new Remics totaling $ 900 million were announced by Freddie Mac yesterday . 
Within a few days in July , Inco raised its bid to $ 36 and United matched it . 
He 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is `` more optimistic than three months ago '' because employment remains strong and inflation low . 
`` Bush and Deng are hoping { that } cooler heads prevail . 
Mr. Johnson , of the Berkeley seismographic station , said : `` Landfill can be done if it 's properly compacted . 
A spokesman for the buy-out group was n't immediately available for comment . 
Then , two days before receiving an endorsement from environmental groups , Mr. Dinkins promised he would issue a three-year moratorium on construction of garbage-incinerator plants . 
Sir John Egan , Jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with Ford officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal . 
Though Dentsu says it has no concrete acquisition plans or deadlines , it is laying the groundwork for international growth . 
This gives them the added benefits of international diversification -- including a foreign-exchange boost during periods , like the past week , when the dollar declines against other major currencies . 
The group temporarily will report to Irving W. Bailey II , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Capital Holding . 
`` But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question . '' 
Ford also offered the low financing rate option on 1989-model Broncos , which previously carried a $ 750 cash discount . 
`` I 'm glad to be out , '' said the 32-year-old Mr. Hartley in a phone interview . 
( Since Litigation Sciences generally represents the defense , its job is usually to help the lawyers identify and remove such people from the jury . ) 
Charles G. Moertel M.D . Mayo Clinic Rochester , Minn . 
Your editorial was commendable and neatly matched by the readers ' comments in letters to the editor , `` Alar : Scaring on the Side of Caution . '' 
Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 . 
He would have got a lot more done if he made up his mind faster . '' 
Ortega cited renewed attacks by the U.S.backed rebels . 
Inco said the drop in earnings resulted mainly from lower nickel prices for the period and a temporary cut in nickel output at the company 's Manitoba operations due to high levels of arsenic in the ore . 
Many farmers , too removed to glean psyllium 's new sparkle in the West , have decided to plant mustard , fennel , cumin , fenugreek or castor-oil seeds . 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit may plead guilty this week to charges it illegally steered company money to politicians through third parties . 
Newell , which declared a 2-for-1 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 14 % , added 7\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
So far , the thieves have stolen 3,632 blank tickets , according to Airline Reporting Corp. , a ticket processing center . 
`` There seems to be a message from Moscow there 's a deal on offer , '' he says . 
On Friday , the American Diabetes Association issued a similar statement urging the six million U.S. diabetics not to overreact to the British report . 
This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings . 
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said . 
Last week , the Grand Union offering was sweetened to include warrants that allow bondholders to acquire common stock . 
In their anxiety , however , parents and other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will lay off 75 to 85 technicians here , effective Nov. 1 . 
And other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the U.S. . 
The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
At that time Sam Whitbread , the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. was awarded a $ 19.1 million Army contract for armored-vehicle parts . 
Union Federal , a federally insured savings bank , has $ 2.4 billion in assets . 
St. Jude 's market value on Nasdaq exceeds $ 1 billion , so it is n't a small stock . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. to Bishop Pipeline Co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes . 
Further ammunition came from left legal theorist Ronald Dworkin , who in the New York Review of Books painted a picture of a constitutional zombie willfully reading his personal prejudices into the Constitution , particularly in the area of `` original intent . '' 
If the contract is as successful as some expect , it may do much to restore confidence in futures trading in Hong Kong . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Shares closed sharply higher in London in the year 's thinnest volume Monday , supported largely by a technical bounce after last week 's sharp declines . 
It also purchases data systems products from a manufacturer based in Monterrey . 
Maxwell agreed to sell its U.S. printing unit to Quebecor for $ 500 million , making Quebecor the No. 2 commercial printer in North America . 
Some stock-index funds are huge . 
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead . 
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems . 
`` We 're looking at the leverage factor every day , '' says Robert Moore , president of Bernstein-Macaulay Inc. , a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit and the fund 's adviser . 
Bowing to criticism , Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts . 
Net income rose to $ 699 million , or 65 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 587 million , or 55 cents a share . 
Miami-based Carnival said the first of the three ships is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean . 
Among bigger stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index rose 1 % , or 4.56 , to 453.05 , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average was up 0.2 % . 
Mr. Jelenic had been executive vice president for operations . 
With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies . 
The apparel holding company had sales in the quarter ended Aug. 27 of $ 1 billion , up 12 % from $ 908.8 million a year ago . 
Mr. da Silva , a 43-year-old former factory worker and labor leader , is the most radical , vowing to withhold payments on the foreign debt and saying he `` would n't go around putting the country up for sale to the highest bidder . '' 
President Bush and other supporters of SDI will be able to take credit for blocking House efforts to significantly cut the program to develop a space-based antimissile system , which already has cost some $ 17 billion . 
The Bush administration said it is submitting a `` comprehensive '' proposal for overhauling agricultural trade that could help break an impasse in the current round of multilateral trade negotiations . 
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . '' 
This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain and interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow . 
On the life insurance side , Pearl Group finished 5 lower at 640 , and Sun Life dropped 15 to # 11.53 . 
For those with no holdings , the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer . 
Developing an executive-model range would mark a major departure for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
Individual investors face high transaction costs of moving in and out of the market . 
Honda Motor Co. , the first Japanese auto maker to ship cars to Japan from the U.S. , is now exporting more than 5,000 Accord Coupes a year from its Marysville , Ohio , factory . 
He said the independent power segment could grow to provide as much as 50 % of near-term generation capacity , adding : `` We expect to supply a significant share of this market . '' 
New York bonds , which have been hammered in recent weeks on the pending supply and reports that the city 's economy is growing weaker , rose 1\/2 point yesterday . 
The demonstrators have been non-violent , but the result of their trespasses has been to seriously impair the rights of others unconnected with their dispute . 
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie . 
While they have moved to the fore in underwriting fixed-income securities in the Eurobond market -- mostly for Japanese firms -- they have been only marginally profitable , if at all , in the U.S. . 
The once-staid steel industry is about to be turned topsy-turvy by a 1990s technology revolution . 
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago . 
In making cases , the authorities frequently zero in on alleged misrepresentations made by the charities ' fund raisers . 
The proposed acquisition will be subject to approval by the Interstate Commerce Commission , Soo Line said . 
Meanwhile , some currency traders at West German banks in Frankfurt said they sold dollars on the news and had to buy them back later at higher prices . 
In Louisville , Ky. , for example , David Peterson has built a Lexus dealership with the showroom on the second floor . 
It was quoted at 2.9428 marks in late New York trading Wednesday . 
On top of all this , corn and soybean prices rose on reports that the Midwest harvest was disrupted by a freakishly early snow storm that dumped several inches in parts of Indiana and Ohio . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow and spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. , International Business Machines Corp. and Johnson & Johnson . 
An L.L. Bean spokeswoman notes : `` People are just used to living in a last-minute society . '' 
He said he expects Lotus Development Corp. to introduce a Next version of its popular 1-2-3 spreadsheet program in 1990 . 
The shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat . 
The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business . 
By 2007 , when this year 's newborns hit campus , a four-year Ivy League sheepskin will cost $ 300,000 , give or take a few pizzas-with-everything at exam time . 
The center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily accessible in Poland now , for a growing number of Westerners doing business in Eastern Europe . 
An estimated 10 million Americans are now using financial planners , and the pool of capital they influence is enormous . 
Once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or `` strike price , '' of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 23\/32 to 112 10\/32 to yield 10.03 % . 
Corporate Issues 
The dealer said India might be the real factor that is keeping futures prices firm . 
Served up as a solo , however , the music lacks the resonance provided by a context within another medium . 
He adds : `` We are now witnessing a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
This fall , Ford introduced only one new product : A restyled version of its hulking Lincoln Town Car luxury model . 
Last year 's results included earnings from discontinued operations of $ 13.1 million , or 19 cents a share . 
Separately , the commission intervened in a Connecticut state judge 's age-bias suit in federal court in New Haven . 
The market for $ 200 billion of high-yield junk bonds regained some of its footing as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rebounded from Friday 's plunge . 
Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the primary metal and electric and electronics-product industries . 
Libya 's revolutionary Committees have threatened attacks on Italians if Rome does n't pay compensation . 
Donald Vinson , who oversees the experiments , is n't some white-coated researcher . 
Including employees of state and local -- but not the federal -- governments , the employment cost index rose 1.6 % in the third quarter , compared with a 1.3 % rise in the same quarter in 1988 . 
Putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Board of Governors , one of the leading proposals today , is an example . 
Congress sent to Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % . 
That will involve a substantial increase in overseas manufacturing capacity , he acknowledged , but did n't provide specific details . 
In the meantime , the question faced by investors is : What is UAL stock worth ? 
Barbara Donovan , an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich , says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer . 
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today . 
The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages . 
The Delaware Supreme Court affirmed a ruling that barred Chris-Craft Industries from voting its Warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies ' proposed merger . 
Its stock , at 9 5\/8 , trades at about 8 1\/2 times estimated 1989 earnings -- an appropriately low multiple for a company with recession-sensitive customers . 
And , last but not least , President George Bush now views the changes in Eastern Europe as `` absolutely extraordinary '' and believes that Mr. Krenz `` ca n't turn the clock back '' in East Germany because the change is too inexorable , '' as he told the New York Times 's R.W. Apple Jr . 
Commercials will highlight heart-rending scenes of Texas and chest-swelling , ain't-it-great-to-be-a-Texan music . 
The owners meet again tomorrow . 
Indian Oil Corp . ( India ) -- 
`` Indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , '' says Seth M. Lynn , president of Axe Core Investors Inc. , an indexer based in Tarrytown , N.Y . 
He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . 
Mr. Dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` definitely too optimistic '' in its expectations . 
At the time , though , in 1979 , the U.S. was once again flirting with its longtime Latin American spy . 
Results for the 1989 third quarter and nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement and refocusing program , and a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock . 
Mr. McDonough responds : `` I 'm asking people to broaden their agendas . '' 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.7 % last week to 1,816,000 tons from 1,828,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
That 's because only about 30 % of California homes and businesses had earthquake insurance to cover the losses . 
Once again the company 's future looked less than rosy . 
-- Global reciprocity . 
Some analysts predict that in the absence of market-moving news to push the U.S. unit sharply higher or lower , the currency is likely to drift below 1.80 marks this week . 
Congress 's ham-handed treatment of the existing structure of junk-bond holdings reminds us of a story in the Journal earlier this year about the Baby Bell companies ' desire to have the court-ordered bans lifted on offering information services . 
U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % from a year earlier to 1,531,000 tons , according to the American Iron and Steel Institute . 
`` There 's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , '' said one knowledgeable individual . `` 
They 're not there to work out . '' 
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months . 
People often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's macho Marlboro cigarettes or Cher 's Uninhibited perfume . 
Since then , deliveries have slumped . 
Istat said a national survey during the first week of July showed the number of job seekers was 2,888,000 up from 2,822,000 in April , and from 2,853,000 a year ago . 
The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs but we let it pass ... . 
I just do n't understand it . 
The White Sands missile range and CIA contractor Mitre Inc. were among the targets . 
But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices . 
As for junk-holders , they 're discovering it can be a mistake to take the other side of a trade by KKR . 
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out . 
Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45 % , and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8 % . 
Japan 's steel exports fell 12.2 % in September from a year earlier and were down 1.1 % from the previous month , the Japan Iron and Steel Federation reported . 
As part of his plea agreement with the government , the 44-year-old Mr. Craig faces a maximum of three years in prison . 
It 's understood several compromises already have been worked into the plan . 
`` We 're going to have to mail a lot less and a lot smarter , '' says Jack Miller , president of Quill Corp. , a Lincolnshire , Ill. , business-to-business mail-order company . 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country . 
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts . 
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
Under the plan , NRM said holders of its common units will receive one share of new common stock in Edisto Resources Corp. for every 14.97 common units owned . 
But there is a small risk that some were imported with high radiation levels . '' 
Some badly managed partnerships have burned investors , sometimes after they received advice from industry `` consultants . '' 
The Senate 's public gallery was packed with Judge Hastings ' supporters , who erupted into applause after he finished his argument . 
Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks , but the Next computer does n't come with a device that reads them . 
The trend is making advocates of the tax cut less optimistic about success . 
This does n't necessarily mean larger firms have an advantage ; Mr. Pearce said GM works with a number of smaller firms it regards highly . 
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy . 
The bonds were won by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group with a true interest cost of 7.17 % . 
Mr. Miller said that Wang has already sold some $ 12 million of miscellaneous assets and disclosed that it had received $ 13 million from Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , in the previously announced sale of its Stirling , Scotland , plant . 
John R. Wilke contributed to this article . 
In addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market , and not a shift in stock-holding preferences . 
Finally , there is one family movie that quite eloquently explores the depth of human emotion -- only its stars are bears . 
Geno M. Apicella , 27 , of Los Angeles , and Terrell N. Madison , 27 , of Hawthorne , were also charged with participating in the conspiracy . 
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue , he said , calls for Eastern to have $ 390 million in cash by year 's end . 
Traders said Goldman Sachs , Shearson Lehman Hutton and Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the pivotal moment . 
About 33 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 63 % said one is `` unlikely . '' 
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released . 
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad . 
Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System . 
Only five of 496 branches statewide remain closed , while 23 of 600 automated-teller machines remained out of order . 
All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs . 
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said . 
Beghin-Say S.A. said that it plans to sell its remaining paper operations by the end of January as part of a drive to refocus on the food sector and lower its debt . 
And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes . 
It also could be a drag on Georgia-Pacific earnings because the roughly $ 1.5 billion in goodwill -- the amount by which the bid exceeds Nekoosa 's book value of $ 1.5 billion -- will have to be subtracted from earnings over a period of decades . 
For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion . 
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern . 
At the opening of the New York Mercantile Exchange , West Texas Intermediate for November delivery shot up 10 cents a barrel , to $ 20.85 , still on the belief that the refineries were damaged . 
Sadly , the cycle appears not as waves but as a downward spiral . 
The other scenario assumes that Beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months . 
You can take them with you . '' 
Hearings have n't yet been set in Texas , Ohio and Kansas . 
She also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control . 
AC&R ADVERTISING : 
Along the way , we 're introduced to the supporting cast : a blond bombshell secretary ( Randi Brazen -- her real name , honest ) , a scheming young boss ( Fredric Lehne ) , another blonde bombshell who 's also an idealistic lawyer ( Lindsay Frost ) , and a forensics expert ( Charles Siebert ) . 
Feedlots fatten young cattle for slaughter , so a decline signals a tightening supply of beef . 
MCI Communications Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 750 million of debt securities via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Mr. Bush would be acting in the public interest if he let the Washington elites who manipulate these budgets -- the bureaucrats , the lobbyists , the congressional staffers -- live for just one year on a restricted diet . 
And Mr. Kasparov , to cheers and applause , marched back into the analysis room . 
`` There is no question that the situation is bad , but we may be painting a gloomier picture than we should , '' he said . 
Only 10 years ago , for instance , Lloyd 's was the pre-eminent insurer of thoroughbred horses . 
In an unusually direct statement , the bureau spokesman recommended that state banks extend more credit to shopkeepers so that they can purchase manufacturers ' goods . 
And he added that manufactured goods exports are still rising . 
Democrats want to avoid having to make that choice by making the capital-gains tax cut an individual bill . 
The Treasury Department said the U.S. trade deficit may worsen next year , after two years of significant improvement . 
Many loans are being renegotiated , especially those tied to the hotel sector , which has been hit hard by a post-June 4 tourism slump . 
These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
As the ad 's tone implies , the Texas spirit is pretty xenophobic these days , and Lone Star is n't alone in trying to take advantage of that . 
Mr. Good devotes much serious space to the events of Feb. 25 , 1942 , when American gunners spotted strange lights in the sky above Los Angeles . 
One would force brokerage houses to provide the SEC detailed information about loans made by their holding companies . 
Or in other couples , the embryo could be temporarily taken out and tested three days after conception and returned if healthy , or discarded if not . 
`` Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . '' 
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding . 
It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough and the U.S. , under the banner of pragmatism , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory . 
Brokers clutching thick folders stand in lines , waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters . 
Gallery directors , meanwhile , say Mr. Paul and others of his ilk have left an indelible mark on the art world -- and not for the better . 
Traders said thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks . 
The latest quarter included a gain of 11 cents a share as a partial reversal of the recall charge , because the reserve established last year exceeded the actual recall costs . 
But if this prompts others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important . 
The products -- sealants and bonding materials used by dentists -- all contain fluoride that is released over time . 
The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 , and the `` other finance '' index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 . 
In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . 
Reluctant to advance further on their own , some stores have settled for tie-ups with famous specialty shops . 
In affidavits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in connection with the $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit Warner brought against Sony for hiring the two producers , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story . 
Air traffic at San Francisco International Airport was running about 50 % of normal yesterday afternoon , but airport officals said they expect a return to full operations by Saturday . 
A fund manager at a life-insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction . 
-- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation . 
However , the phenomenon is not specifically Jewish . 
It 's not clear whether Aska plans to buy more shares . 
American Medical International Inc. was dropped from the health care providers industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index . 
Mr. Morishita scoffs at those stories , as well as the ones connecting him to the Japanese mob . 
Hallwood is a merchant bank whose activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers , office buildings , apartments and other real estate . 
Rep. Waxman and Democratic Sen. Edward Kennedy of Massachusetts have proposed regulation to deal with the problem . 
The movie , he says , is in its post-production stages of `` cleaning up the film . '' 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 9\/16 % one year . 
Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister met in Damascus with President Assad to develop a plan for the withdrawal of Syria 's 40,000 troops from Lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 14-year-old civil war . 
Because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in China 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds , is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8355 marks , down from 1.8470 marks Monday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico , who were helping Huricane Hugo victims , and sending them to San Francisco instead . 
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
The plan calls for the company to buy back 2,250,000 shares , which reflects a 3-for-2 stock split this year . 
Of course , the relative calm could be jolted if the market plunges again . 
Aside from as much as $ 3.45 billion in recently approved federal aid , the state is expected to draw from a gubernatorial emergency fund that currently stands at an estimated $ 700 million . 
For instance , he got a $ 3 million loan from the S&L , negotiated at a below-market rate . 
The standard of living has increased steadily over the past 40 years ; more than 90 % of the people consider themselves middle class . 
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford . 
Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose 1\/8 point . 
The entire opera is her dream . 
`` Business has never been this tough before . 
`` Long-term investing -- that 's not Steinhardt 's style , '' chuckles an investor who once worked at Steinhardt Partners . 
But CBS will put the athletes up against Bill Cosby , `` Cheers '' and other shows in NBC 's No. 1 schedule . 
In Texas after Hurricane Alicia , major grocery chains used their truck fleets to ship essential goods to Houston , no gouging , just good will . 
There are $ 86,525,000 of 7 1\/8 % bonds priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.31 % in 2019 . 
Bank of England officials said the central bank had no comment on Mr. Lawson 's resignation . 
Prices were up across the board , with most blue-chip stocks registering solid gains . 
Tandem 's pricing is just as aggressive . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
But gripes run the gamut . 
In more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . 
QUANTUM CORP. , Milpitas , manufactures rigid disc drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 120.8 million , OTC , open for business , minor structural damage . 
In particular , many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents and opting for bourbon , the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside . 
`` A number of us are not going to touch capital gains , IRAs or anything else unless it contributes to deficit-reduction , '' said Sen. Charles Robb ( D. , Va. ) , who is one of the 10 to 20 Democrats who the Bush administration believes might favor giving preferential treatment to capital gains . 
Mr. Lurie is currently co-chief executive . 
Outside , I spotted two young men lugging blocks of concrete . 
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined . 
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market . 
Eventually , Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft . 
`` Japanese companies need to invest in overseas real estate for diversification , '' says Yoshio Shima , an industry analyst at Goldman Sachs ( Japan ) Corp . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Certain details of the restructured facilities remain to be negotiated . 
The company could command a good price in the market . 
Some members of the huge crowd shouted `` Viva peace , viva . '' 
The petition challenged First Union 's lending record in the state , saying that the bank-holding company had `` shut itself off from contact with the low-income community and is redlining almost every black neighborhood that it serves in the state . '' 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
He was referring to the `` absolutely extraordinary '' events in Eastern Europe , and it is a defensible position . 
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . '' 
To transmit charts to branch offices , they use a fax machine . 
`` Thus we judge it to be not a violation of the ABM treaty at this time . '' 
He brought along his Stuttgart-based Gaechinger Kantorei chorus , and even better , the Czech soprano Gabriela Benackova . 
His crude device worked : The lower teeth gathered the leaves into a pile , while the higher , harder teeth moved the top of the pile . 
And , of course , there 's the unsteady labor situation . 
Mr. Bronner seems to believe that the hearings could have gone either way . 
The Giants scored once and had runners on second { Whitey Lockman } and third { Clint Hartung } as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate . '' 
District Court Judge Pierre Leval denied the injunction on the ground that New Era had failed to make its claim within a reasonable time -- the doctrine lawyers call `` laches . '' 
Inco paid Morgan an advisory fee of about $ 250,000 , a paltry figure by today 's measures . 
Earlier this year , bankers and other investors were willing to provide financing because they assumed there would be major gains in both profitability and sales , Mr. Rosenthal added . 
At the close of business Thursday , Ciba-Geigy and Chiron said 11,580 common shares had been tendered to their offer . 
Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has ballooned to more than $ 104.8 million . 
The state of Illinois is suing the charity for fraud in Chicago , along with Telesystems Marketing Inc. , its Houston-based fund raiser . 
Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options . 
Many takeover-related stocks rose after news that a group obtained financing commitments for the proposed buy-out of American Medical International Inc . 
Although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says Stuart Reese , manager of Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's $ 17 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio . 
The agreement also provides for potential payments of additional proceeds to National Aluminum over the next two years , depending on the plant 's shipping levels . 
Maybe it was their peculiar sense of history . 
But trading was very sketchy , as investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks . 
The second provision , affecting so-called 235 mortgages , has met strong opposition from investment bankers represented by the Public Securities Association . 
`` Quality junk bonds will continue to trade well , '' says Michael Holland , chairman of Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc . 
The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure . 
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million . 
I saw what he did to them firsthand . 
It still does n't look like governments are coughing up everything they know . 
Only a few other occupations have higher reported rates of criminal injury , such as police , bartenders and taxi drivers . 
Mitchell will get a half-interest in the oil . 
Sometime next year , Control Data will `` develop a new bank relationship , '' Mr. Perlman said . 
The U.S. contends that the rules are n't justified on health grounds . 
The delays mainly affected sales of data base management products , a core area for both Computer Associates and Cullinet , as well as sales of other products as part of package sales . 
Hong Kong 's main measure of consumer prices rose 10 % in September from a year earlier , the government said . 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
He said more than 70 % of the bargaining unit voted in favor of the agreement . 
Digital Equipment has set up disaster-recovery response centers in Dallas , Atlanta and Colorado Springs , Colo . 
The quake postponed the third and fourth games of the World Series . 
A sudden , forced cutback by consumers , who normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity , would damp the economy at a time when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments ca n't readily take up the slack . 
`` At the end of the third quarter , there was still no evidence of renewed home building in response to the midyear decline of mortgage rates , '' Mr. Christie said . 
Sam Yanes , a Polaroid spokesman , said `` I do n't know about disappointing , '' but added that the company has n't been able to get the product on the shelves of some mass-merchandise , discount retailers that it had hoped would be carrying the product already . 
While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business . 
Readers were electrified by the paper 's audacity and appalled by the dark side of life it uncovered . 
The latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 24 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the Electrochemical Society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments . 
Mr. Bush and his aides were accused of responding too slowly after the Exxon Valdez oil tanker split open in Alaskan waters and Hurricane Hugo struck the Carolina coast , and they clearly do n't want a repeat of those charges now . 
Based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share , Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares , or about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding . 
The market for export financing was liberalized in the mid-1980s , however , forcing the bank to face competition . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.48 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
USX , he noted , was formed 88 years ago , `` by in effect buying out a bunch of other companies ... . 
Put these together , and you get programs about rape . 
The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project . 
They said they wanted to wait for the outcome of any government investigation before deciding what to do . 
But Mr. Shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category . 
Instead , an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market : the Federal Reserve . 
Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope , UAL 's chief financial officer , stood to pocket $ 114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out , UAL executives planned to reinvest only $ 15 million in the new company . 
But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults . 
`` Prime Time Live , '' a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night ( to the embarrassment of the network ) waved at the camera like the crowd on `` Let 's Make a Deal . '' 
Dr. Kobayashi responded that he thought the antibody could potentially kill all infected cells . 
Three other Haagen shopping centers in the Watts area are doing almost as well . 
Morgan Grenfell Group PLC said John Craven , group chief executive officer , is taking over the chairmanship of the merchant banking group from Sir Peter Carey , who is retiring . 
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season . 
McCaw 's bid also has a similar clause . 
Yesterday , Delmed said it `` continues to explore the possibility of a combination with Fresenius USA . '' 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Howard Bailit , a panel member and a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals . 
The NRC rejected Mr. Shannon 's argument that Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which owns the largest share of Seabrook , and 11 other owners are financially unable to guarantee the plant 's safe operation . 
Mr. Roman , by contrast , seems rarely to cut loose at all , although he did appear at Ogilvy 's Halloween party Friday decked out in duck feet and a duck hat , costumed as a `` lame duck . '' 
The A 's offensive showing in the Series got an A , as in awesome . 
`` We will only deal with clients on the phone , '' he says . 
The offering , Series 109 , is backed by Freddie Mac 10 % securities . 
Its developer is a Polish American , Sasha Muniak . 
The claims , which were filed with the State Board of Control but will probably end up in court , are the first arising out of the collapse of the so-called Cypress structure viaduct . 
Denise McDonald , a spokeswoman for MADD , says , `` It 's scary , because anybody could do this . '' 
Since , like earthquakes , stock market disturbances will always be with us , it is prudent to take all possible precautions against another such market collapse . 
He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . 
This leads to a very special sense of urgency . 
In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount . 
On the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents to $ 11.125 . 
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people . 
One sign that more Soviet purchases are possible is that U.S. grain companies yesterday bought an unusually large amount of corn futures contracts . 
It did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots . 
Still , there is money to be made . 
As Mr. Rivkin explains it , `` We were raising some caution flags about rate rises in Europe and concerns about the LBO market . 
Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said . 
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products . 
The animals ' point of view . '' 
You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents . 
Fourth , the theory indicates why the Republican Party may have a difficult time attracting viable candidates for congressional office . 
Large Digital buyers say the new VAX will let them stay with Digital when they need the power of a mainframe , instead of turning to IBM . 
Meanwhile , NBC Sports recently began `` Scores Plus , '' a year-round , 24-hour 900 line providing a complex array of scores , analysis and fan news . 
( All bourbon comes from Kentucky , though Jack Daniel 's Tennessee whiskey often is counted as bourbon because of similarity of taste . ) 
The crowd groans , Mr. Jones shakes his head , the Cowboys lose the game . 
At one point in the documentary , Mr. Sohmer , who is Jewish , says he felt rejected by many of the Protestants and Southerners he met at Yale . 
Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income . 
Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration . 
Mr. Laband described one of the more insidious threats we face when dealing with disasters such as Hugo -- anti-profiteering ordinances such as that by the Charleston City Council as it thrashed about trying to Do Something . 
`` You want to know how a fund did when the market got hammered , '' said Kurt Brouwer , an investment adviser with Brouwer & Janachowski in San Francisco . 
The third part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1994 , was priced as 8 1\/4 % securities at 99.672 to yield 8.33 % . 
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported . 
The Paribas offer values Navigation Mixte at about 23 billion francs , depending on how many of Navigation Mixte 's warrants are converted into shares during the takeover battle . 
Mr. Deaver has reopened a public-relations business . 
Perhaps most exciting , the device is thrusting open a window to the workings of the brain . 
( It should be noted that these requirements are in addition to any other existing requirements , such as review by the Asset Forfeiture Office . ) : 
Not in the kitchen , or the storeroom or the book shop . 
Rather than trying to `` lecture us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting , Mr. Krenz `` wanted to listen . '' 
Finnair would receive SAS shares valued at the same amount , officials said . 
The issue has an expected final maturity date of 1998 . 
That rule gives boards of directors wide latitude in deciding how to deal with dissident shareholders . 
He will succeed Harry L. Freeman , 57 , who has said he will retire in December . 
Structural steel , which primarily serves the construction market , was especially hurt by a 15 % price drop , Mr. Bradford said . 
They always say to get a degree first , but they do n't allow us time or to skip practice to study for a test . 
Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer . 
The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio . 
Our view is that given Congress 's attitude toward HUD , the place probably is beyond reform . 
And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition to cutting the capital-gains tax this year , according to participants . 
Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped . 
The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration , but it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds . 
But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have . 
The Steppenwolf Theatre Company , back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' opened the new season with Harold Pinter 's `` The Homecoming , '' first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 . 
It is currently waiving management fees , which contributes to the higher yield . 
It 's a kind of an investment . '' 
However , state initiatives restrict the ability of the legislature to raise such taxes unless the voters approve in a statewide referendum . 
Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency . 
Favored ventures include media , telecommunications and retailing . 
Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted and chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques , and then , with Mr. Gomez , soared and improvised on the composer 's tight `` Bebop Etudes . '' 
The federal funds rate is the overnight lending rate that banks charge each other . 
Mr. Lawson 's speech , delivered at the Lord Mayor of London 's annual dinner at Mansion House , came on the heels of a grueling period for the U.K. economy . 
Short interest is the number of shares that have n't yet been purchased for return to lenders . 
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 . 
On Friday , selling dominated the afternoon `` curb '' session in London , which takes place at noon EDT . 
Mr. Auvil , the Washington grower , says that he could sell Fujis to Taiwan buyers at $ 40 a box if he had them . 
Under this plan , two provisions currently in the House version of the deficit-cutting bill -- repeal of both the catastrophic-illness insurance program and a controversial 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans -- would be made into a separate bill . 
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 
But as the Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month , Andrew Cuomo , the politically seasoned son of the New York governor , is also said to have taken a more active role on strategy . 
Peter Lieb , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude , analysts say , now the facility wo n't need any , at a time of already high availability . 
Besides signing Mr. Aikman to a sizable contract , Mr. Jones has agreed to pay rookie quarterback Steve Walsh $ 4.1 million over the next four years . 
More recently , Sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 140 million . 
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments . 
He said Rorer will spend $ 15 million to $ 20 million more on Maalox advertising and promotion in the second half of 1989 than in the year-earlier period . 
Your interest is not taken to heart because people only care about your performance '' . 
The assembly plant builds the Cadillac DeVille , Chevrolet Caprice and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera Wagon . 
`` I do not support federal funding for abortions except where the mother 's life is threatened , '' he proclaimed , and finally vetoed the measure last weekend . 
Turnover remained relatively small . 
It could lose some of its dynamism , '' says Mr. Mushkat , a director of Baring Securities ( Hong Kong ) Ltd. , a unit of Britain 's Barings PLC . `` 
In addition to Unocal 's 153,000 barrel-a-day refinery near Lemont , Ill. , the new venture would control 17 distribution terminals , a lubricating-oil blending and packaging plant , and 131 company-owned Unocal service stations . 
Bill Murphy , director of the new marketing unit , said Meredith is negotiating other large-scale packages with leading companies in several product categories , but he would n't disclose their names . 
When a court decides that a particular actor 's conduct was culpable and so extends the definition of insider trading to reach this conduct , it does not see the potentially enormous number of other cases that will be covered by the expanded rule . 
`` It wo n't be an earthshaking drop , '' a Weyerhaeuser spokesman says . 
Private relief agencies , such as the Salvation Army and Red Cross , mobilized almost instantly to help people , while the Washington bureaucracy `` took hours getting into gear . '' 
`` The big one is still due , '' Mr. Johnson predicted in an interview . 
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 
Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and Howard Marlboro , a sports and event marketing firm . 
New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . 
The Fuji is a product of meticulous Japanese pomological engineering , which fostered it 50 years ago at a government research orchard . 
Likely changes include more emphasis on research , soaring advertising budgets and aggressive pricing . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
But not because resources are going to their most efficient use , leaving scarce goods `` allocated to those buyers who place the highest value on them . '' 
Connecticut -- $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 1989 Series B , priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
Generali , Italy 's biggest insurer , last month offered 5,500 lire a share for the Nuovo Banco stake held by Banco Popolare di Milano , the bank 's largest shareholder , which announced plans to sell the holdings earlier this year . 
Blunt Ellis & Loewi estimates direct mail catalog sales rose to $ 12 billion last year . 
Payment will begin `` as soon as Oct. 25 , '' the company said . 
And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers . 
In recent months , the technology has become more flexible and able to handle much more volume . 
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges . 
The publisher was able to register soaring quarter net income because of a onetime gain on the sale of its cable-TV system . 
And as a result -- as the recent vote by the House to undo Mr. Cheney 's program terminations suggests -- the preservation of jobs is becoming the real goal of defense `` strategy . '' 
Some 500 insects and 150 diseases wiggle , chew and romp through growers ' nightmares , including maggots , mites , mildew , thrips , black rot and the flat-headed borer . 
Storehouse gained 2 to 
Loral also reported that its bookings more than doubled to $ 654 million in the quarter , ended Sept. 30 , from $ 257 million , in the year-before period . 
Fleet also noted that , unlike other banking companies in the Northeast , it has been only marginally hurt by nonperforming loans that have resulted from the slumping regional real estate market . 
Only twice since the 1960s has annual gross domestic product growth here fallen below 5 % for two or more consecutive years . 
The TVA said the refinancing should save $ 75 million a year in interest payments . 
`` If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
That could widen the yield spread between Treasurys and asset-backed securities , as well as make it tougher to unload the latter . 
Investors interpreted the KKR move as a desire by the firm to wash its hands of SCI TV . 
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion . 
The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south . 
First Boston Corp. is advising L.J. Hooker on the sale of the Merksamer business . 
UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , swung within a 14-point range during the course of the session before closing at 191 3\/4 , down 6 1\/4 , on 2.3 million shares . 
Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups . 
Three days later , before the new embryo had become implanted in the uterus , it was washed out of the mother mouse . 
The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 . 
South Australian Government Finance Authority ( agency ) -- 
Rep. Chalmers Wylie , an Ohio Republican , rallied to the cause : `` I think the gentlelady is making an important statement . 
It has won about 15 % of the retail PC market . 
The strikers voted to accept a series of management proposals that will give them a higher basic wage , better profit-sharing benefits and bigger annual bonuses . 
That leaves the state roughly $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion short . 
Sales increased 6 % to $ 5.58 billion from $ 5.27 billion . 
`` We may be able to reach a tradeoff where we can accommodate { the pilot union 's } concerns and ours , '' said Brian M. Freeman , the machinists ' financial adviser . 
The FTC said it would seek to enjoin the proposed acquisition in a federal trial court , but declined to specify which one . 
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud . 
Mike Metschan , a salesman in Wang 's Austin , Texas , office , has a breezier method : `` We tell them $ 3 billion companies do n't go out of business . 
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland . 
`` Now , we 're going to sell to men . '' 
National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally . 
Banco Popular , meanwhile , dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 . 
As the building 's new owner , Chase will have its work cut out for it . 
Lewis L. Glucksman , vice chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said : `` This is a problem that 's taking on a life of its own . 
Thousands more have taken to the streets in the last month in East Germany 's largest wave of domestic unrest since a workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
If any nation can use environmentally benign architecture , it is Poland . 
Included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year renewals . 
Mr. Ball noted that television stations featured people holding up phone books , explaining where to call for help . 
Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself : 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
They estimate the return a person 's current portfolio is likely to generate over time , along with a standard deviation that suggests how much the return will vary year by year . 
In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances . 
The settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the Times began its own competing direct delivery service . 
A GM spokesman said the visit is n't connected to the Jaguar situation . 
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
People hold out and try to get a bargain . '' 
Consider a `` laddered '' bond portfolio , with issues maturing in , say , 1992 , 1993 and 1994 , advises Malcolm A. Makin , a Westerly , R.I. , financial planner . 
That means the fund is n't obligated to pay anything , at least so far . 
As previously reported , Northeast Utilities , Hartford , Conn. , Monday filed a bid it valued at $ 2.25 billion . 
On Tuesday , the broader-based Tokyo Stock Price Index of issues listed in the first section , which fell 45.66 Monday , rose 41.76 , or 1.61 % , to 2642.64 . 
Little wonder that Mrs. Thatcher 's opponents were so anxious to keep Mr. Lawson in office . 
The first part , consisting of $ 2.5 million of 11 1\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1990 , was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75 % . 
The agreement is subject to regulatory approval and resolution of lawsuits brought by certain Diversified holders in connection with the proposed merger . 
Santa Fe stopped freight trains Tuesday night while its officials inspected track but resumed service at 10:45 p.m. when they found no damage . 
Wall Street is understandably skeptical . 
The imports , totaling 98.5 million barrels , were 11 % lower than August levels . 
Like most treasury secretaries , Mr. Brady takes a keen interest in monetary matters , of course . 
In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London , Paris , Vienna and Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century . 
On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped . 
At a stroke , this may criminalize all fiduciary breaches ( and possibly all misrepresentations by an agent or employee ) . 
National Semiconductor Corp. said it settled a four-year-old patent infringement case against Linear Technology Corp. by accepting a $ 3 million payment from Linear in exchange for granting Linear irrevocable licenses for all products involved . 
Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants . 
Mr. Garcia , who represents New York 's 18th congressional district , which includes the Bronx , said he has n't decided whether he will resign . 
CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips ' chemicals operations , which is the biggest single contributor to the company 's profits . 
O&Y , owned by Toronto 's Reichmann family , is also supervising major restructuring and refinancing of Campeau , a Toronto-based real estate and retailing company . 
In New York , Harris Amhowitz , general counsel of Coopers , said Coopers `` was aware of the litigation , '' but he declined further comment . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6030 , up from $ 1.5885 late Friday . 
The in-home health care services provider said it will sell 1.8 million of the new shares , while Home Nutritional Services will sell the remaining 2.2 million . 
The Senate is expected to consider the bill shortly , says the senator 's spokesman . 
Vincent Jolivet Kenmore , Wash . 
And before the week was out , Sony had offered Mr. Guber and his partner , Jon Peters , the most lucrative employment contracts in the history of the movie business . 
Shortly after buying 66 % of the team from H.R. `` Bum '' Bright for $ 145 million , and mindful of the Cowboys ' ragged bottom line , the 47-year-old Mr. Jones set about his own round of team cuts . 
Under the super-majority amendment , certain mergers and other transactions would require approval of holders of 80 % of the company 's common shares outstanding . 
`` Why should anybody want to sell to them ? '' 
`` But 93 % of tourists still come for gambling . 
`` I was flabbergasted , '' Tatsuhara Yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by Kyodo news service as saying . 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
Gerry Ritterman , president of New York-based Network Publishing Corp. , earlier this year sold his Soap Opera Digest magazine to Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
It was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
For the nine months , Boeing 's net increased 36 % to $ 598 million , or $ 2.60 a share , from $ 440 million , or $ 1.92 a share . 
For example , a passenger can fly from Chardon , Neb. , to Denver for as little as $ 89 to $ 109 , according to prices quoted by the company . 
In addition , products such as voice-activated tape recorders would have to include beep tones and labels explaining federal laws on eavesdropping . 
Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago . 
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas . 
The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line . 
At one point yesterday morning , the Dow was down 80.53 points . 
His assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits , thus restoring the market 's faith in them . 
Back then , Mr. Pinter was not only the angry young British playwright , but also the first to use silences and sentence fragments and menacing stares , almost to the exclusion of what we previously understood to be theatrical dialogue . 
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets . 
He was later shown on television , fielding questions . 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
Now , he said , a slowdown in economic activity has slackened demand . 
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m . 
To ensure the loyalty of the business sector , Mr. Gorbachev may offer concessions and powers that will allow the business community to preserve its own interests , probably by restricting competition . 
Eastern Airlines pilots were awarded between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay by an arbitrator , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization . 
One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest . 
Los Angeles County Supervisor Kenneth Hahn yesterday vowed to fight the introduction of double-decking in the area . 
A few years ago , the company voluntarily stopped selling `` The Big Ear , '' a powerful microphone . 
`` Let this building be Steppenwolf 's legacy to Chicago theater . '' 
In a free country , the law should restrict citizens as little as is consistent with good manners and public safety . 
Scott Greene , chief foreign exchange dealer with Julius Baer & Co. in New York , fits the description of a `` great dollar bear . '' 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
In early trading in Tokyo Friday , the Nikkei index rose 170.65 points , to 35544.87 . 
On the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on , then that 's a whole different story . 
As part of its College Savings Plan , Connecticut offered $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
In an unrelated program in which the Labor Department does estimate output per employee for more than two-thirds of federal civilian employees , it found an average annual rate of productivity improvement of 1.7 % during the 1980s . 
`` Parties are rather a state of mind , '' she said , pausing only to taste and pass judgment on the Georgian shashlik ( `` a little well done , but very good '' ) . 
Kodak hired Robert Buzzell and Polaroid brought in Robert J. Dolan . 
I can see both sides . '' 
While last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate , the Census Bureau said the 1988 drop was n't statistically significant . 
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 . 
Apogee said a subcontractor had severe cost overruns and was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project . 
Wall Street would like UAL Corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company independent . 
The move had been widely expected . 
Amid a riot of jousting knights , circus clowns , gold-leaf centurions and creatures of the wild , lesser competitors will fall . 
But that deal fell through in September after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices . 
As competition heats up in Spain 's crowded bank market , Banco Exterior de Espana is seeking to shed its image of a state-owned bank and move into new activities . 
Frederick W. Lang , 65 years old , the founder of this software services concern , was elected to the new post of chairman . 
Conversely , strong consumer spending in the U.S. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate . 
But the new lens became the eye of a storm . 
Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 165.1 million , or $ 4.40 a share , down 7 % from $ 177.5 million , or $ 4.76 a share , a year earlier . 
To stem speculation , Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year . 
`` We simply do n't agree with that or the findings of their investigation . '' 
StatesWest has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , which operates 20 twin-engine and two single-engine turboprops among 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas . 
Parker officials said the company is selling the units to focus on its other businesses . 
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed : He has made speaking Filipino respectable . 
Assets of the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report jumped to $ 351.2 billion in the week ended Tuesday , the Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter said . 
Japan has supported a larger role for the IMF in developing-country debt issues , and is an important financial resource for IMF-guided programs in developing countries . 
The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product , and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end . 
But everything is relative to Mr. Terrizzi , so stocks in his view can become more attractive in comparison with bonds or T-bills , even if shares are more expensive than when they were sold in January . 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 144.35 million of revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente , due 19931999 , 2004 , 2008 , 2018 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6.25 % in 1993 to 7.227 % in 2018 . 
Yesterday , Joel Zweibel , an attorney for Eastern 's creditors committee , declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to . 
`` The membership warehouse-club concept has great potential , '' the company 's chairman , Joseph E. Antonini , said in a statement . 
It would go along doing nothing but dissociating the heavy water and then at totally unpredictable times , it would begin producing excess heat for as long as 10 or 11 hours before quieting down . 
The company said Maria Sole Agnelli Teodorani , sister of Fiat Chairman Giovanni Agnelli , agreed to trade her shares in IFI for new ordinary shares in the limited partnership , which will give her control of 4.67 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co . 
Persuading tradition-bound Japanese retailers to get involved in the turmoils of the U.S. retailing industry is n't likely to be so easy , analysts say . 
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake 's actual duration . 
The decision , Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services , illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were contemplated by the justices . 
The Fed chief opposed a bill - introduced by Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) and Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D. ) -- that , among other things , would require the Fed to disclose all monetary policy moves immediately and increase outside scrutiny of the Fed . 
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law . 
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said . 
In the two-part offering , $ 151 million of senior subordinated reset notes were priced at 99.75 and carried a rate of 13 3\/4 % , while the $ 100 million of senior subordinated floating rate notes were priced to float at 4.25 percentage points above the London Interbank Offered Rate , or LIBOR . 
Ultimately , he says , strong demand could help to drive down interest rates on mortgage securities . 
But traders said the market 's tone could pick up this week if New York City 's $ 787 million bond offering goes well . 
The brokerage firm tracks technology stocks with its Technology Index , which appreciated only 10.59 % in the first nine months of this year . 
The combined operations had 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million . 
Such concerns , however , have n't stopped asset-backed securities from becoming one of Wall Street 's hottest new products . 
The situation makes it harder to buy and sell shares quickly , exacerbating the rise and fall in stock prices during program-dominated trading . 
Is n't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? '' 
Blair Entertainment , a New York firm that advises TV stations and sells ads for them , has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television . 
Despite heavily subsidized consumer industries , East Germans have for years watched the West pull farther out ahead . 
But there are grounds for complaint . 
Mr. Taylor , a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis , won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted Republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Republican U.S. Sen. Trent Lott . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted . 
Beghin-Say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs ( $ 325 million ) . 
The White House is making sure nobody will accuse it of taking this crisis lightly . 
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . 
Jurors in U.S. District Court in Miami cleared Harold Hershhenson , a former executive vice president ; John Pagones , a former vice president ; and Stephen Vadas and Dean Ciporkin , who had been engineers with Cordis . 
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve . 
On Friday , they also persuaded the UAL flight attendants to join them . 
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition . 
For creating a focus for neighborhood life . 
Gerald Ford , a fairly down-to-earth fellow , once sent a letter to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee recommending that `` there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomenon . 
London share prices closed modestly higher largely on technical factors , although the market was underpinned near the end of the session by Wall Street 's firmer trend . 
An aggressive Ford bid for Jaguar would put pressure on GM to make a better offer as the British company 's `` white knight . '' 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million . 
Mr. Bebear contended that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $ 8 million a year , which he described as `` peanuts . 
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today . 
But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia . 
They were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve Mr. Wall 's job and to avoid a reconfirmation hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about Lincoln S&L . 
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine . 
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus . 
Pioneer surged 450 yen ( $ 3.16 ) to 6,050 yen ( $ 42.60 ) . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. said net dropped 8.7 % , mainly the result of four extraordinary items : a franchise tax refund that its Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. unit received last year ; a production shift of several Yellow Pages directories to the fourth quarter from the third ; a rate refund in Missouri and a one-time adjustment to phone company revenues . 
The problems of the environment are so interrelated , so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years . 
But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side . 
Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position . 
`` There are no price wars , no competition . '' 
Comcast Corp. -- $ 150 million convertible debentures , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
`` These loans are more of a focus than lesser-developed-country debt now , '' said William Bee , senior block trader at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
The deepening bloodbath for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen UAL stock tumble 49 % since Oct. 12 , also triggered a marketwide sell-off that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down more than 80 points at 10:40 a.m . 
On Thursday , the Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 0.24 point Wednesday , was up 22.78 , or 0.86 % , at 2665.66 . 
`` Given our forecast for lower rates , purchases made now should prove quite rewarding before year end , '' he said . 
Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters and 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year . 
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely . 
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . '' 
But in this case the needle has a very sharp point . 
Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
Security costs are also quite high . 
But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid . 
Their motivation , however , has a strong practical aspect : Program trading is hazardous to their paychecks . 
Dell Computer dropped 7\/8 to 6 . 
According to a source at the East Europe desk , two previously convicted felons were charged , tried , convicted and sentenced to prison terms of four and 12 years . 
The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices ( expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount ) are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % . 
`` We asked police to investigate why they are allowed to distribute the flag in this way . 
But CBS 's costs are huge , and the risks go up with each new sports package that CBS locks up . 
Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight . 
There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 . 
Meanwhile , dollar trading was relatively uninspired throughout the session , according to dealers , who noted that Thursday 's release of the preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product was something of a nonevent . 
The 142 institutional-type money funds rose $ 2.23 billion to $ 85.49 billion . 
The company estimates its total debt at about $ 5.2 billion . 
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests , then experiment on animals . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft 's exploratory mission is to take six years . 
The remaining 51 % of the joint venture will be controlled by Polish lubricants manufacturers , refiners and technical institutes . 
Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , `` Steel Magnolias , '' helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board . 
`` So far , this list does n't change our view . 
In Frankfurt , a Lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment . 
Yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three-year contract from Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
Mr. Reynolds also notes that since British banks have no reserve requirements , high interest rates are less likely to curb inflation than to cause recession . 
The seven-day compound yield of the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Fund was 9.51 % . 
Ideologues on the other side of the border can also slow the process . 
That cost rises in times of high market volatility . 
Other technology stocks that were weaker included Intel , which fell 1 1\/4 to 33 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares , Mentor Graphics , down 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 on 1.6 million shares , Sun Microsystems , which slipped 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 , and MCI Communications , down 1 to 42 3\/4 . 
However , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier unfit to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , grounding the airline . 
Now he is mounting the steps of a stucco building in a nearby village , on a visit to the Communist administrator , the `` naczelnik . '' 
A formal blessing of sorts was bestowed on this friendship in April when Mikhail and Raisa Gorbachev stopped here for talks with Irish Prime Minister Charles Haughey . 
IRS Revenue Procedure 89-52 describes the reporting requirements . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
A continuing slide in the pound could force the government to push through another rise in the base rate , currently 15 % . 
In addition to hedging new stock purchases , the married-put technique can be used to protect stocks that an investor already owns . 
By then it also hopes to begin producing a passenger car based on the Volvo 240 and selling for about $ 20,000 . 
A Newport Beach law firm started the pay-as-you-go legal service , called Telelawyer , using MCI Communication Corp. 's toll-tele-phone service . 
The transaction will give Tandy a well-known European computer brand that includes 2,700 dealers and distributors marketing to medium-sized business and educational institutions . 
Albert Engelken and Robert Thomson had never met , though for 38 years their lives had been intertwined in a way peculiar to the sports world . 
The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month . 
Earlier this year , the company sold a similar unit in Europe for about $ 25 million . 
Despite continuing problems in its newsprint business , Kimberly-Clark Corp. posted a 20 % gain in third-quarter net income . 
Marc Schulman , with UBS Securities in New York , dropped his estimate of DEC 's full-year net to $ 6.80 a share from $ 8 . 
Fosset so far is the only member of a financial exchange to be forced to be taken over by another firm as a result of Friday 's rout . 
He will keep the ball down , move it around . 
Any discussions with Ford could postpone the Jaguar-GM deal , headed for completion within the next two weeks . 
Once a studio chooses not to actually make a movie that is in development , producers are typically free to take it elsewhere . 
But it marks a big change for the Japanese , who shunned mortgage securities after getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back . 
Drexel is owed $ 20 million by the partnership . 
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all . 
The $ 14 billion level in June marked a drop from $ 19 billion at the end of April . 
Data Resources ' Mr. Wyss added that he will be keeping a closer eye than ususal on October chain-store sales . 
Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 
There are spacious living rooms and baths , plus a master grandparents suite and a foyer for removing shoes to suit Japanese life styles . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Mr. Larsen noted `` substantial sales growth '' for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens and Hismanal , a once-a-day antihistamine . 
The first Merkur , the XR4Ti , went on sale in early 1985 . 
`` But it has n't increased much relative to other assets . 
Discrepancies go unexplained in `` Confidential '' ( one ex-player claims he received $ 4,000 to $ 5,000 for his season football tickets while others said theirs brought only a few hundred dollars ) , and when Mr. Keteyian ca n't nail down something , like who really owned a car driven by Husker tailback Doug Dubose , he simply reprints his notes . 
That spurs competition and growth , allows users to change and mix brands easily , and increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer . 
AEW has $ 3.5 billion of real estate investments nationwide , according to a spokesman . 
Better to look in the corners for performances that inspire or amuse . 
I know many schoolteachers and , on the whole , they are seriously committed to conscientious teaching . 
The commission 's filing in that case challenges Connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges . 
Now he has moved to Oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , Adsi Inc. , to market his machine . 
The average publicly offered commodity fund fell 4.2 % in September , largely because of the volatile markets in foreign currencies , according to Norwood Securities . 
Exteriors are faced with brick , wood or stone , but the homes are made of steel-reinforced concrete . 
Futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market . 
The mining , metal and specialty-chemical concern said combined revenue for asbestos and coal was about $ 40 million of the company 's total revenue in 1988 of $ 1.98 billion . 
Goldman Sachs 's Mr. Einhorn , for one , subscribes to that scenario . 
Another reason for the intensity of the trade problems is that Beijing has extended the current clampdown on imports beyond the usual target of consumer products to include steel , chemical fertilizers and plastics . 
But the no-more-nonsense superintendents are going to have to be judicious as well ; incompetent principals and administrators should go , but the good ones ought to be left alone . 
There 's a pretty good program inside all the noise of `` Mancuso FBI . '' 
And what about the cost , and risk , of waiting to realize the hypothetical private market values ? '' 
In its last fiscal year , Nissan 's profit represented just 2.3 % of sales , compared with 4.3 % at Toyota . 
The volatility inherent in program trading troubled other traders , too . 
Still , some lawyers say the mergers slowdown has n't affected foreign buyers as much as domestic ones . 
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company . 
Hershey Foods Corp. strives for fairness by basing increases on quarterly reviews , annual appraisals and meetings with workers . 
Car and truck sales slid 20.5 % in mid-October as U.S. manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier in the year . 
The acquisitions , officials said in a letter to Mr. Paul , were `` unsafe , unsound and unauthorized . '' 
For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income . 
`` There 's no shortage of major things to do , '' he said . 
The Big Board has refused to be drawn into a public debate about program trading . 
As Helen Boehm , who owns an art porcelain company , sipped her luncheon cocktail , she reeled off the names of a few pals -- Prince Charles , Princess Diana , Sarah Ferguson , John Kluge , Milton Petrie . 
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
Every man Kate encounters is either sniggeringly puritanical , viciously patronizing , revoltingly lecherous , or all three . 
If you do n't , you ca n't do your job . '' 
Perhaps . 
damn ! 
Robert A. Oswald , chief financial officer and a director of this natural-gas pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president . 
Nikon forecast sales for the year ending March 31 will rise 9.6 % to 240 billion yen . 
Per-share net rose to 47.46 yen from 39.31 yen . 
`` Tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand . 
Swedish rolling-steel and ball-bearing group AB SKF said its pretax profit rose 78 % to 1.78 billion kronor ( $ 278 million ) in the first nine months from one billion kronor ( $ 156 million ) in the corresponding period a year earlier . 
Union Bank of Finland -- 100 million Australian dollars of 9 % bonds due Nov. 9 , 1990 , priced at 94 to yield 17.20 % less full fees , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies . 
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April . 
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers . 
Having lost their faith in God , in social reform and in opium , Cairenes are left with nothing but their sense of humor . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , shares of the Akron , Ohio-based company fell $ 1.375 to $ 49.125 . 
About two-thirds of the Well 's 3,000 subscribers live in the Bay Area . 
He says the title of his speech was to make his point that Americans have rights as individuals , not as members of certain select groups . 
She thinks traders should buy the stock if it tumbles to 35 . 
The merger is scheduled to take place in the 1990 first quarter . 
Residents of this city soon will be seeing ads urging them to visit `` Cleveland 's outdoor museum '' -- Lake View Cemetery . 
The charter would just have to be restricted to a list of workers ' fundamental rights , without seeking to impose any norms . 
And Southwest lawmakers were a driving force behind $ 54.6 million for U.S.-Mexico border facilities , or more than double the administration 's request . 
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . '' 
Mr. Lehman overlooks the fact that the Navy possesses its own air force ( the carrier fleet ) and its own army ( the Marines ) , which in turn has its own air force . 
The packages must be sorted quickly and distributed to smaller vans for delivery , so couriers can be on the road by 8:35 . 
The value of the jets , including spares , is in excess of $ 250 million . 
`` The Giants struck first , winning the opener , 3-1 , on a two-run homer off Dodger right-hander Ralph Branca , '' Mr. Engelken recalls with precision today . 
It also asked Mesa to keep the proposal confidential . 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters . 
Fireman 's Fund Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 85 % to $ 7.2 million from last year 's $ 49.1 million , or 99 cents a share , because of ravages of Hurricane Hugo and increased reserves for legal expenses . 
USED-CAR BUYERS who try to avoid sales tax by understating prices paid in private deals are the targets of a New York drive . 
Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles . 
`` This is virgin territory , unclaimed , and it 's going to be nasty , '' said one observer , who asked not to be named . 
`` I wo n't be throwing 90 mph , but I will throw 80-plus , '' he says . 
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers . 
Helmut Kohl 's governing conservative coalition is proving admirably true to the West German constitution by making more than 500,000 people of German descent automatic citizens this year alone . 
The results surpassed analysts ' forecasts , which averaged around # 200 million , and Marks & Spencer responded in trading on London 's Stock Exchange with an eight pence rise to 188 pence . 
Globe columnist Mike Barnicle -- in the second attack on his employer in as many weeks -- averred that his shadowy countenance was so bad , it looked `` like a face you 'd find on a bottle of miracle elixir that promises to do away with diarrhea in our lifetime . '' 
Food prices rose 0.2 % for the second month in a row , far slower than the monthly rises earlier in the year . 
Unocal fell 1 1\/2 to 52 1\/4 and Burlington Resources declined 7\/8 to 45 5\/8 . 
Mr. Downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was flamboyant and others deemed offensive . 
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . 
Now a rocky stock market and weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy . 
Sun also reported a record backlog of orders . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
It has three U.S. branches . 
The Census Bureau reported that 13.1 % of the U.S. population , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink . 
These accounts hold several hundred million dollars , primarily from asset sales . 
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges . 
In our time abortion has become another , best left to a line of Supreme Court decisions rather than to the chaos of 50 state legislatures . 
Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others . 
The 15 % restriction covers any would-be suitor , British or foreign . 
Cable & Wireless PLC of Britain won the other license . 
Before the union rejected the company 's offer and the strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 , Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period . 
On a recent afternoon , Mr. Baker and a reporter go ghost-busting , visiting Kathleen Stinnett , a Lexington woman who has phoned the University of Kentucky to report mysterious happenings in her house . 
Deseret , with about $ 100 million in assets , is the parent of the Deseret Bank , which has six offices and headquarters at Pleasant Grove , Utah . 
With his recent purchases of USX common stock , Mr. Icahn shattered a three-year-old , unwritten standstill agreement with Mr. Roderick . 
( Braniff declined ) . 
You built your career on prejudice and hate . 
He pampers them ; he invites them to fabulous parties ; he strokes them . 
Brooks Brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan and two shops in Hong Kong . 
She was interested only if she could guide it editorially as well . 
He added that the cost for stress-related compensation claims is about twice the average for all injury claims . 
Frequently , clients express interest in paintings but do n't end up bidding , she adds , `` so we do n't know who the potential buyer will be . '' 
Toyobo Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
The state will vigorously defend against any counterclaim . '' 
The 49-nation organization , meeting in Malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
The ads featured fences , rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves . 
Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs and boost performance , but many industry officials believe it may be ripe for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in California in 1991 . 
Press agents and public-relations practitioners are notorious name-droppers . 
But some legislators think the time may be ripe to revise the constitution . 
As it turned out , Carlos Perches Trevino and Ramon Sardina Garcia had hidden the haul in a closet in the Perches family 's home for a year . 
Two such actions , both filed earlier this year in Georgia state court in Atlanta , could be particularly embarrassing to the industry : both name J. Chandler Peterson , an Atlanta financial planner who is a founder and past chairman of the IAFP , as defendant . 
The attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors , as shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions . 
Municipals 
Dun & Bradstreet said operating earnings rose 8 % , excluding the sale of Official Airline Guides . 
The technology sector of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index has risen only about 6.24 % this year , while the Nasdaq Composite Index has gained 18.35 % . 
Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . '' 
Indeed , in a note to the results , directors said if the `` true worth '' of some of the group 's assets were taken into account instead of using book values , the negative net asset backing a share would turn into `` a substantial positive '' one . 
ENVIRONMENTAL REGULATIONS : 
The agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale . 
Dr. Fung said that FK-506 would not be available in the market for at least a year , and that the FDA approval process usually takes three years to five years . 
But others say junk-holders have nothing to gain by putting SCI TV into bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
He distinguished the two cases : In Salinger , Judge Leval noted , the quotations were for the purpose of enlivening the biography rather than of proving points about the subject . 
The results met estimates of analysts , who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37 % . 
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers . 
`` That 's still an improvement over last year , but it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit . '' 
`` We 've been putting in long hours , '' Mr. Ramirez says -- six-day weeks and 13-hour days for the last two months . 
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place . 
Mr. Batchelder says that in the past , banks would normally have loaned 65 % of a total buy-out price , with the loans secured by the target company 's assets . 
Joann S. Lublin in London contributed to this article . 
Bausch & Lomb sold the softies under a sublicense from National Patent Development , which had gained the rights from the Czechoslovakia Academy of Sciences . 
Thus , he asserts , Lloyd 's ca n't react quickly to competition . 
Corresponding to the fall in profit rates was -- in the early 1980s -- the drop in the number arrived at if you divide the market value of firms by the replacement costs of their assets , the famous Q ratio associated with Prof. James Tobin . 
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably . 
And assuming their first investment is successful , investors will have to pay taxes on their gains . 
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake . 
The results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years . 
That compared with the year-earlier $ 1.25 billion , or $ 2.10 a share -- which was inflated by a 15-cents-a-share gain from the sale of some MCI Communications Corp. stock and by an unspecified amount from a payment by Fujitsu Ltd. relating to a software dispute . 
One of the reasons American students do so poorly in math tests , as compared with British , French , German or Japanese students , is the influence of the `` New Math '' on American textbooks and teaching methods . 
Judging by the crush at the exhibition , deprived Soviet consumers are more than ready for U.S. products . 
But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say . 
Last year , Hochiminh City Food says it bought two million metric tons of unhusked rice , more than 10 % of the country 's output . 
And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual . 
-- G. Sterling Leiby . 
The securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19 % . 
Fuel cost adjustments could change the effective rate increases , however . 
To date , says Emil Jachmann , a Dictaphone vice president , it has `` broken even or shown a small loss . '' 
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday . 
`` With E-mail , you do n't have the visual clues of paper , '' says Mr. Tarter , the editor of SoftLetter . 
So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . 
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . 
Inco said it plans to buy back as many as five million common shares over the next 12 months if nickel market conditions are favorable . 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
For instance , Commonwealth BioVentures Inc. , a venture-capital concern , last month invested $ 600,000 to launch Amira Inc. , a Worcester , Mass. , concern that will produce pharmaceuticals . 
Mr. Bauman , a conservative , says he was deserted by the right wing . 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The Jefferson Smurfit affiliate , Smurfit International B.V. , holds about 78 % of the shares outstanding . 
Stock prices finished about unchanged Friday in quiet expiration trading . 
The award exercises a Navy option to extend a contract given in 1984 . 
Average daily trading volume : 74,351 shares 
Exact comparisons with the previous year were unavailable because of a change in the company 's fiscal calendar . 
Industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards , too ; they 're tired of seeing practitioners depicted collectively in the business press as dumber than chimpanzees and greedier than a herd of swine . 
-- Daisy Brown . 
The company is trying to fend off a hostile bid by two European shipping firms . 
He and his father still spend time each summer fly-fishing for salmon in Iceland . 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association set up a three-member office of the chairman and elected James A. Johnson as vice chairman , effective Jan. 1 . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 21 , 1989 , through Oct. 19 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
`` There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , '' he says . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
James Fallon , a New Providence , N.J. , marketing consultant to the chemicals industry , says Du Pont still holds an edge in making the pigment because the company was `` first in with the technology '' to lower costs . 
Judge John E. Sprizzo issued the order in Manhattan federal court , where Sony has accused the tiny company of illegally knocking off the `` My First Sony '' line . 
But other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth . 
Japan 's recent political turbulence , Mr. Lee said , may mean Japan will slow market adjustments . 
`` There 's a rising fear that perhaps Mrs. Thatcher 's style of management has become a political liability , '' says Bill Martin , senior economist at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
The acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to Home Shopping Network Inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry . 
Before becoming a consultant in 1974 , Mr. Achenbaum was a senior executive at J. Walter Thompson Co . 
Philip Morris , the most active Big Board issue for the second consecutive session , was unchanged at 43 1\/4 on 3.9 million shares . 
`` They 're going to have mega-problems . '' 
Genentech Inc. said the West German distributor of its heart drug TPA reached a joint marketing agreement with a subsidiary of Hoechst AG , which makes the rival anti-clotting agent streptokinase . 
This maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common priced at $ 10 a share in an initial public offering . 
And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually . 
However , for many , managing speed does not come naturally . 
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney-disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association . 
Richard Bruno , head of OTC trading at PaineWebber , said the OTC market has a habit of lagging big moves on the New York Stock Exchange . 
In its letter to him , dated March 2 and shared with reporters , Alex Hager , the chief of the thrift-institution bureau in the comptroller 's office , expressed puzzlement that the S&L could be so profligate when it had reported losses of more than $ 13 million in its two preceding quarters . 
But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 . 
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , N.M. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays . 
That would leave USX essentially an oil company with Marathon as its core . 
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers . 
The cost of raising a pig kept bounding ahead of the return for selling one . 
Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets . 
Three were chauffeurs for J. Edgar Hoover , and two cleaned his house . '' 
Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China ? 
Activity has revived in the largest U.S. gas-producing regions , such as the Gulf of Mexico . 
Some entrepreneurs are still active , though . 
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament . 
And then it will be required to lower taxes by a corresponding amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of the state department of finance . 
The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars . 
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death . 
The deal requires regulatory and shareholder approval . 
The purchase , expected to be completed by year end , will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America , behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co. , Chicago . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
`` This is an exceptionally odd takeover battle , '' says London analyst Christopher Will of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Searle , a unit of Monsanto Co. , said the `` beta-blocker '' high-blood-pressure drug Kerlone is the first product to reach the market through Lorex Pharmaceuticals , the U.S. company jointly owned by Searle and Synthelabo , a French pharmaceutical concern owned by France 's L'Oreal S.A . 
Police in Prague raided an international meeting on human rights , detaining Czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister , Jiri Hajak , and 14 other activists . 
Trelleborg plans to remain the dominant shareholder with stakes of slightly less than 50 % of both units . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
BROWN-FORMAN Corp . ( Louisville , Ky. ) -- 
As the principal regulator of the thrift industry , Mr. Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years after his staff told him that the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : 
They will have to revisit this issue , and they 'll have to revisit it before long . 
For example , insurers may seek to limit their future exposure to catastrophes by increasing the amount of reinsurance they buy . 
Arkla Inc. said that as part of a program to improve profitability it will take a total of $ 189 million in after-tax charges by year end . 
As he sums it up : `` We are listening to the market . '' 
In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask `` Who lost Gorbachev ? '' 
A metric ton is equal to 2,204.62 pounds . 
It said the new agreement would `` replace '' the old one that forms the basis of its suit against the Merieux takeover . 
Battle-tested Japanese industrial managers here always buck up nervous newcomers with the tale of the first of their countrymen to visit Mexico , a boatload of samurai warriors blown ashore 375 years ago . 
`` I think I had to prove myself to her , '' says Mr. McDuffie . 
The September figures are due to be released this week . 
The bank reported net income of C$ 389 million for the nine months ended July 31 . 
In general , they say , avoid takeover stocks . 
`` Capitalizing on the brand is key , '' says Mr. Brawer , whose immediate plans include further international expansion and getting better control of distribution outside the U.S. . 
`` Under Mr. Ngoc , Van Nghe protected the people instead of the government , '' says Nguyen Duy , a poet who is the paper 's bureau chief for southern Vietnam . 
The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory . 
In pursuit of this mystery , Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply . 
Consequently , abrupt swings in the stock market are not likely to disappear anytime soon , they say . 
The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
Congress is unlikely to go even that far . 
We just do n't have that kind of income stream . '' 
Among the major banks surveyed by Banxquote in six regions of the country , 8.33 % is the highest yield available . 
Because the Resolution Trust Corp . could n't spend the money fast enough , the savings-and-loan outlays were pushed into fiscal 1990 . 
British Air was originally attracted to the chance of obtaining a 15 % stake in the company , but was n't particularly happy with paying $ 750 million . 
Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making `` various untrue statements . '' 
They could attract one-issue voters by adopting the right-to-life movement 's strongest position , even as pro-choice Republicans knew this mattered little on an issue monopolized by the court . 
Besides creating a vehicle for investors , money market funds also helped rewrite banking regulations . 
Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected . 
For example , a House-Senate conference ostensibly increased the National Aeronautics and Space Administration budget for construction of facilities to nearly $ 592 million , or more than $ 200 million above what either chamber had previously approved . 
For one thing , Ms. Shere can draw on her cookbook , published by Random House four years ago , which is teeming with recipes for such specialties as kiwi sherbet , gooseberry fool ( a creamy dish made with crushed stewed berries ) and hazelnut `` oeufs a la neige . '' 
The Redmond , Wash. company , a bellwether provider of operating systems and software for personal-computer makers and users , reported net income for the quarter ended Sept. 30 of $ 49.6 million , or 87 cents a share , up from $ 36.6 million , or 65 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
To correct this inequality , most people would have favored an indirect tax , like the consumption tax . 
Mr. Mitchell has made clear to his wavering colleagues that the issue is important to him personally . 
Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls . 
In a separate SEC filing , Albert Safer , who holds 6.46 % of United Merchants , said he retained investment bank Lazard Freres & Co. for advice as he evaluates the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker . 
Highways , such as the section of Interstate 880 that collapsed in Oakland , generally do n't have insurance coverage . 
After years of hesitation , economic and political reform was embraced at the end of 1986 , but ringing declarations have yet to be translated into much action . 
Revenue was $ 111.9 million , up 50 % from $ 74.8 million . 
The Treasury said it will alter the auctions unless it has assurance of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auctions Monday . 
For the sixth time in as many years , Continental Airlines has a new senior executive . 
Vice President Quayle and Budget Director Darman said recently they 've joined the search . 
Revenue dropped 1.6 % to $ 1.21 billion from $ 1.23 billion . 
But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level . 
The company said its revenue will exceed $ 750 million this year . 
`` I was never a rebel , '' he said in an earlier interview . 
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
Qintex Australia also said it has an investment of A$ 83.3 million in Qintex Entertainment shares . 
A few weeks ago , Mr. Skinner testified before Congress that it would be `` cleaner , more efficient '' if he had authority to block buy-outs in advance . 
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year . 
The tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake . 
Also precluded would be dual trading , whereby a broker trades for customers as well as his own account , a practice that provides needed liquidity to the markets . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
All anyone need do is hang up a shingle and start planning . 
The segment now makes up roughly two-thirds of his company 's total sales . 
Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called `` Tet , the Motion Picture , '' to distinguish it from `` Tet , the Offensive , '' as well as `` Tet , the Book '' and `` Tet , the Album . '' 
In 1953 , James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) , the genetic key to heredity . 
`` This is a watershed time , and we are trying to plot our way ahead , '' he says . 
It rebuffed an offer by Carl Spielvogel , head of Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates unit , to lead a management buy-out of all or part of Saatchi . 
She said they have `` oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base . '' 
Accepted bids were all at 7.962 % . 
As part of that attempt , by the American Trade Consortium , Mr. Giffen says he spends a lot of time lobbying . 
`` When they are buying back stock at 10 times earnings , they are suggesting that the rate of return on competing internal projects is below '' returns on the stock . 
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins . 
The antibody then kills the cell . 
If we want meaningful priorities , we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 410,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked . 
Foreign Bonds 
As a result , the group 's third-quarter loss widened to $ 9.8 million from the second quarter 's $ 3.6 million . 
Meanwhile , GM said overseas auto operations are on track to exceed last year 's record full-year net of $ 2.7 billion . 
Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 . 
Mr. Strieber knows a lot about aliens . 
But then the noise turned into a roar . 
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
And of course , doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties . 
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot . 
Finnish conglomerate Nokia Oy AB said it reached an agreement to buy Dutch cable company NKF Kabel B.V. for 420 million Finnish markka ( $ 99.5 million ) . 
Exxon Corp. said it will move its headquarters from Manhattan to Dallas . 
The suit accuses the retailer and several of its officers of making false and misleading statements about the company 's business affairs . 
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution . 
In his office overlooking the runway of Shannon Airport , Mr. Ovcharenko enthusiastically throws out what he calls `` just ideas '' : 
They say the broker took them out for lunch frequently . 
Tass said the final budget and economic plan calls for a sharp increase in the production of consumer goods . 
The product is the first from a European company based on Intel Corp. 's new 32-bit 486tm microprocessor , which works several times faster than previously available chips . 
The new agreement will last for 3 1\/2 years starting July 1 , 1990 , when the current agreement expires . 
Meanwhile , PaineWebber remains among the leaders in efforts to simply persuade investors to keep giving Wall Street their money . 
In September 1987 , it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans . 
Ralph Shattuck , publisher of Foreclosure Update newsletter , said foreclosures have climbed to about 1,482 a month just in Maricopa County , where Phoenix is located . 
`` As I was driving home , I did not feel very good about myself . '' 
Even the courts are beginning to recognize the link between jobs and stress-related disorders in compensation cases , according to a survey by the National Council on Compensation Insurance . 
Even that met with Mr. Greenspan 's disapproval because it might subject the Fed `` to a more intensely political perspective '' and `` could risk bending monetary policy away from long-term strategic goals . '' 
The union wo n't respond to the USX statement until Mr. Williams has studied it , the spokesman said . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point , or less than $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
The provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring . 
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon . 
The company said earnings would have increased if it had n't been actively repurchasing its shares , thus increasing its interest expense and reducing its interest income . 
A total of 672 transactions were announced during the latest quarter , up 13 % from the year-earlier period 's 597 , Grimm said . 
If it finds one and gets into the system , it will display a screen when a user logs on that says , `` Worms Against Nuclear Killers ... . 
The report follows five-consecutive declines in full monthly figures . 
The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $ 20 million on baseball this year . 
Meanwhile , non-performing assets rose to $ 593 million from $ 518.7 million . 
Among other things , the government is expected to report that the number of young cattle placed on feedlots during the quarter slipped 3 % . 
Aegon N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 
Including the Adobe gain , full-year net was $ 454 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
`` My style is less informal , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
The executives , who got $ 30.88 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % , compared with 100 1\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
Eiji Nakazato , a Takashimaya general manager , admits that his company 's image is similar to Saks 's and that there is some interest in the idea . 
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks . 
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris closed at $ 43.375 , up 12.5 cents . 
The realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors , among other possibilities . 
Since few insurers have announced what amount of losses they expect to see from the earthquake , it 's impossible to get a clear picture of the quake 's impact on fourth-quarter earnings , said Herbert Goodfriend at Prudential-Bache Securities Corp . 
`` On certain occasions a spirit could be earthbound and make itself known , '' he says . 
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care . 
In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share . 
Revenue jumped 22 % to $ 7.89 billion from $ 6.46 billion . 
Japanese newspaper Nihon Keizai Shimbun reported that the three giants plan to integrate their cargo computers and ground-cargo and air-cargo systems . 
This is raising eyebrows . 
It also gives the outspoken Mr. Della Femina -- who often generates as much publicity for himself as for his clients -- an international platform that he most certainly wo n't be loath to use . 
Blocked by patent protection from following suit , Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip . 
But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the Dutch Reformed Church and the school -- South Africa 's neat racial order is awry . 
The mine is expected to return to production in about a week . 
Fees 2 1\/8 . 
Joseph Lombardo , who the government alleged was the `` captain '' of organized crime in Chicago , was one of numerous defendants in the government 's sweeping racketeering suit against the Teamsters . 
And there is more volatility to come . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond fell more than 1\/2 point , or over $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield moved above 8 % for the first time since Thursday . 
Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other `` interested parties '' on a joint proposal . 
The Sun concluded that Mr. Pierce is only part of the problem -- and a part that 's gone . 
`` I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , '' says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic . 
The remainder of the house leans precariously against a sturdy oak tree . 
A buy-and-hold approach to stocks continues to be the rule among respondents . 
For the past decade , NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market and ruled it with near-monopoly power . 
In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , are about 140 points lower than the peak of 2791.41 reached on the Dow industrial average Oct. 9 . 
Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC , the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid , withdrew its support . 
In Michigan , where the state Senate is expected to approve parental-consent legislation by the end of next week , Gov. Blanchard is the principal obstacle for anti-abortionists . 
Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen . 
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said . 
He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would `` help define policies and strategies of the group . '' 
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore . 
Exchange officials emphasized that the Big Board is considering a variety of actions to deal with program trading . 
Sotheby 's vice president Diana Levitt says the auction house has been `` assisting '' Mr. Paul in selling the paintings . 
But from his vantage point , it is n't that Mr. Paul , a customer of his too , overpaid for the work , `` a gargantuan painting by an artist who is not a household word . '' 
Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing . 
Last week , traders said , there were three institutional sellers for every buyer . 
The disk drives will doubtless sell well when they finally become available . 
In European trading it declined to $ 1.5890 and 2.9495 marks from $ 1.5940 and 2.9429 marks late Thursday . 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . 
If tests indicated a low number of red cells , blood was n't taken . 
CARTER HAWLEY HALE STORES Inc. , Los Angeles , retailer , annual sales of $ 2.79 billion , NYSE , said nine of its 22 Emporium stores in the area were closed because of water damage , broken windows and fallen displays . 
The extrusion unit produces bare and painted custom extrusions for building products and construction industries . 
The accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve . 
The pitch sailed toward Bobby Thomson high and inside and then , with a crack of the bat , was sent rocketing back into the lower leftfield stands . 
Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall . 
Index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in futures -- is frequently blamed for adding to stock market volatility . 
Seagram will run two interactive ads in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands . 
Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping . 
The drop , following a 6.2 % decline in August , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the Fed 's anti-inflation battle . 
He adds : `` Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . '' 
Democracy can be cruel to politicians : Sometimes it forces them to make choices . 
Last year , Du Pont agreed to pay $ 4.5 million for rights to superconductor work at the University of Houston . 
The rules will eliminate filings policy-making divisions , such as sales , marketing , finance and research and development , Mr. Lane said . 
Conceivably , in a scaled-back buy-out , they could be bumped back to coach seats for life . 
`` It is an effort to branch out from the government , which is very difficult for a defense contractor . '' 
Mr. Jesperson 's US$ 3.25 estimate is somewhat below the $ 3.39 floor price that Calgary-based consulting firm Paul Ziff & Co. recently said would be needed for Mackenzie delta gas producers to see a return on their investment . 
In fixing rates the choice of initial parities is crucial , for example , and perhaps he picked the wrong pound-DM rate . 
In the mid-1980s , after ABC had just bid a record $ 309 million for the 1988 Winter Games , he sniped at rivals for paying reckless prices . 
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs . 
At the same time , investors estimate the restructuring would cut the company 's annual cash interest bill from about $ 90 million to $ 85 million . 
Japanese Reverse Tack On Patent Protection 
Unfortunately , they are in the minority . 
Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures . 
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser . 
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash . 
Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency . 
Instead , even with the liabilities of two natural disasters in recent weeks , analysts said the total capital of the industry is likely to be higher at year end than it was at midyear . 
Japanese chemical companies are at work developing their own substitutes and hoping to conquer new markets , of course . 
Some jewelers have Geiger counters to measure topaz radiation . 
After all , she reasons , `` there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job . '' 
Loral will provide to Turkey an electronic countermeasures system for its fleet of F-16 aircraft . 
As Mr. Bronner himself says , the smell of `` raw meat '' was in the air . 
Its problem , they say , is that management paid too much in the leveraged buy-out and the current $ 515 million debt load is keeping Revco in the red . 
`` It is important to the cable industry that we have a vibrant and competitive pay-television marketplace , '' Mr. Malone said in a statement . 
Meanwhile , East Germany 's growing openness may even allow the state-controlled news media to display a muted sense of humor . 
Consumer Durables : Automobiles , appliances , furniture . 
A women said she saw the park 's light standards sway . 
A member in the House leadership and skilled legislator , Mr. Fazio nonetheless found himself burdened not only by California 's needs but by Hurricane Hugo amendments he accepted in a vain effort to build support in the panel . 
Pravda , meanwhile , has retained only 57 % of its 1986 readership . 
A Generale spokesman confirmed that the giant Belgian holding company would be willing to raise its stake in AG should a raider seek control . 
Alexander Brody , 56 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations . 
Moreover , state officials are urging freight haulers to bypass many of the area 's main highways and to travel late at night or during predawn hours . 
General Dynamics closed at $ 54.875 , up 50 cents . 
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 . 
Charles Lieberman , managing director of financial markets reasearch at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp. , New York , said Hurrican Hugo shaved 0.1 % to 0.2 % from personal-income growth , because of greatly diminished rental income from tourism . 
Mr. Swavely said the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland . 
But the Makro chain , which operates as a joint venture between K mart and SHV Holdings N.V. of the Netherlands , has only six stores and annual sales that one analyst estimated at about $ 300 million . 
Municipal 
UH HUH : 
Today , Mr. Corry presides over a company whose fortunes have changed abruptly . 
As one unidentified official clearly in the late stages of the disease told the Times : `` Baker just felt that there were some lines in the speech that could be misinterpreted and seized by the press . '' 
`` If I go in there as I normally dress , they 'd ask , ` Who is this hippie ? ' '' 
Sales totaled $ 1.81 billion up from $ 1.71 billion the previous year . 
The report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations . '' 
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination . 
The tribe is one of the poorest in the Pacific Northwest . 
But , assuming those problems can be overcome , they should allow for memory chips that could approach one billion bits of information -- 250 times as much as is contained in the four-megabit chips that are just reaching the market and a million times what was possible in the mid-1970s . 
Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility . 
Recovering radiophonic sovereignty was the purpose of Radio Costa Rica , funded by the U.S. and affiliated with the Voice of America ( VOA ) . 
First , however , he has unfinished business . 
`` The last two months have been the whole ball game , '' says Steven Norwitz , a vice president . 
But as the French embody a Zen-like state of blase when it comes to athletics ( try finding a Nautilus machine in Paris ) , my fellow conventioners were having none of it . 
The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being . 
Firms Walk Fine Line In Distributing Profits 
Environmental lawyers say virtually all of the Superfund cases to date have involved civil penalties designed to insure cleanup of past polluting activities . 
IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies . 
Of the three candidates with a serious chance of winning , Mr. Collor comes closest to advocating the sort of measures that economists say are necessary . 
In other words : Get rid of all the pictures . 
Proceeds from the note sale will be used to repay a portion of the bank borrowings used by Beatrice to redeem its $ 526.3 million principal amount of increasing rate debentures in August . 
Aer Rianta now manages duty-free sales on all Aeroflot international flights out of Moscow . 
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
Mr. Gintel , head of Gintel & Co. , said he plans to conduct a proxy contest to elect a majority of Xtra 's board at the next annual stockholders meeting . 
The bureau cited typhoons in the month that discouraged shopping and leisure opportunities . 
Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely political battle between President Bush and Senate Majority Leader Mitchell . 
If earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock . 
Three Soviet government officials -- the ministers of railroads , of foreign economic relations and of heavy-machine building -- will visit Tehran next month for talks , Iran 's official news agency reported . 
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out , then later sold Storer 's cable operations at a fat profit . 
BUELL INDUSTRIES Inc. halved its quarterly dividend to five cents a share , payable Nov. 17 to stock of record Nov. 3 . 
Opponents of the project had claimed that the city and the state of New York , which are co-sponsoring the project , had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines . 
A major difference is that a snapped wooden pencil will have a slivered break while a plastic model will break cleanly . 
Among the Guinness disk 's wonders : the world 's loudest recorded belch . 
Tass news agency said the devaluation also will apply to foreigners ' transactions . 
`` No way . 
People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days or even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it . 
Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility . 
In 1972 , then Treasury Secretary George Shultz , with the key support of Sen. Carl Curtis , sought some form of pensions for the uncovered . 
`` Insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to reconstruct San Francisco , '' said Charles Lieberman , chief economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp . 
`` We just do n't have the staff to { deliver } it , nor do we have the space or the time , '' says a spokesman for the Schaumburg , Ill. , electronics company , which has 5,000 employees in the Austin area . 
The $ 58.9 million of 7 % certificates due 2016 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.19 % . 
The urging admittedly has been gentle . 
While the two are among the world 's biggest advertisers , most makers of upscale cosmetics spend relatively little on national ads . 
In Japan , by contrast , companies tend to develop their own talent and promote from within . 
But acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the Farm Belt . 
John A. Conlon Jr. , 45 , was named a managing director at this investment-banking company . 
Philip M. Hawley , chairman of Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general . 
The most likely reason for this disparity is that the Bank of England was a private bank with substantial earning assets , and the common-law rights of creditors to collect claims against the bank were well established in Britain . 
Revenue rose 34 % to $ 410 million from $ 306.6 million a year earlier . 
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage . 
The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
Before , callers of 900 numbers would just listen and not talk , or they 'd vote `` yes '' or `` no '' by calling one of two numbers . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 . 
But Lipper Analytical 's figures show that there were a number of ways investors could have cushioned themselves from the stock market 's gyrations . 
Right now he takes people out to fish in the bays behind the barrier islands that curve for hundreds of miles along the eastern coast of Texas , enclosing milky green lagoons behind ridges of sand and grassy scrub that rim the deep blue of the Gulf beyond . 
Third-quarter profit was 16 % below the $ 304 million , or $ 1.50 a share , earned in the 1989 second quarter . 
The most worrisome stretch is 1.2 miles of waterfront highway known as the Embarcadero Freeway . 
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves . 
Frank B. Hall Inc. of Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. is reportedly working out an agreement with Helmsley . 
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance . 
News of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally . 
Occidental Petroleum 's third-quarter net income rose 2.9 % to $ 108 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 105 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt . 
Japanese consumers are increasingly eager to spend their money , especially on high-priced goods such as 29-inch television sets and luxury cars . 
Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate . 
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft-spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record . 
The Victorian house that Ms. Johnson is inspecting has been deemed unsafe by town officials . 
We will not know until a first generation of female guinea pigs -- all of whom will be more than happy to volunteer for the job -- has put the abortion pill through the clinical test of time . 
This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East . 
In another case , a protester , Ann O'Brien , was convicted of trespass before the Supreme Court 's Webster ruling . 
The cross-border loan portfolio reflected `` adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , '' the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself `` substantially current . '' 
Mr. Nolan is a contributing editor at Los Angeles Magazine . 
But Mr. Mahe adds , `` The net loser in the next few years is the right-to-life side . '' 
A chart in last Friday 's special report on personal finance contained an incorrect figure supplied by NonProfit Times , a monthly newspaper covering charities . 
Robert J. Penn , president and chief executive officer , will take early retirement from this steelmaker Dec 31 . 
The latest period 's net was reduced $ 102 million , or nine cents a share , for a change in depreciation method and concurrent changes in estimates of depreciable lives and net salvage for certain telecommunications equipment . 
9.87 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
In two of three years , the actual result should fall within that range if all the assumptions were accurate . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding conceded that British Satellite 's potential U.K. lenders `` are saying , ` When you 're on the air , you 'll { actually } get the money . ' '' 
One reason , they said , was that the official reports on the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a cause . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , American Home Products closed at $ 102.25 a share , down 75 cents . 
What about triple-A-rated asset-backed issues ? 
A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials , but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue . 
Interstate\/Johnson Lane Inc. this year adds 70 people -- 60 of them in retail -- to its 1,300-member staff . 
On top of all this , foreign-debt repayments are expected to peak in 1991 to 1992 . 
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. . 
Advertising volume at the company 's 35 regional newspapers decreased 1.1 % . 
The maker of chemical and industrial materials did n't say how much it would pay or when it would make the transactions . 
Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier . 
CAROLG : 
Several other European central banks , notably in Britain , followed the West German Bundesbank 's lead by raising their own key rates . 
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
A pickup truck driven by a white farmer rumbles past with a load of black workers bouncing in the back . 
Kenneth Olshan , Wells Rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
All this has led to prolonged selling in futures , mostly on the part of computer-guided funds . 
`` It was certainly good to have him handy , '' Mrs. Bobar says . 
So it 's quite possible that the terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real . 
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market . 
The company made its 1990 projection -- an unusual event for Cray -- in announcing improved net income for the third quarter . 
The telecommunications company 's results included a one-time gain of $ 4 million , or two cents a share , from the sale of Contel Credit , a leasing and financial-services subsidiary . 
Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line . 
`` The second is they do n't have enough discipline . '' 
These trade-offs would evolve priorities by revealing when the cost of the B-2 became prohibitive . 
But there was little selling pressure , and even small orders at the lower levels sufficed to bring the market back to Friday 's opening levels . 
`` I was convinced that what was true of retinoblastoma would be true for all cancers . '' 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . 
The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant . 
A Boone County judge rejected the motion , but Daniel Dodson , a Jefferson City lawyer , says he has appealed . 
The return of pro-investment tax breaks such as those for capital gains and IRAs `` creates more of a mood or a mindset that is helpful for getting better depreciation ( write-offs ) or investment credits , '' says Paul Huard , a vice president for the National Association of Manufacturers . 
Qintex Australia was `` going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million . '' 
The company , which makes computer parts said fiscal 1989 earnings were `` down slightly '' from $ 3.2 million , or 74 cents a share , in fiscal l988 . 
Some predict there will be `` Third World bonds , '' backed by loans to Brazil , Argentina and other debt-ridden nations . 
Despite the pain of adjusting , the cultural revolution has begun to yield exciting cars . 
I want to publish one that succeeds , '' said Mr. Lang . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
About 40 Italian businesses , including Fiat S.p . A. and Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. , have formed a consortium to lobby for holding the expo in Venice . 
We can applaud Mr. Pryor 's moment of epiphany , even as we understand that he and his confreres need restraint lest they kill again . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a unit of General Motors Corp. , got a $ 10.3 million Air Force contract for airborne-radar equipment . 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments . 
A profit last year in both the quarter and year included a net gain of $ 9.6 million , or 44 cents a share , from the sale of a division . 
Its third-quarter earnings were lower than analysts had forecast , and the company said it had lowered its projections for earnings growth through the end of 1990 because of planned price cuts . 
Try as they might , they just ca n't conceive of life without black workers . 
Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is sexy and cynical and a far sadder case than Frank , who 's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality without feeling too cheated . 
Now why , you have to ask yourself , would intelligent beings haul a bunch of rocks around the universe ? 
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up . 
Industry officials say the Bay Bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of repairing it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
Canadian manufacturers recorded a 0.8 % decline in August in their backlog of unfilled orders , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night . 
Although some of the study 's recommendations resemble those of similar projects , the makeup of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort . 
`` We need a Western Ostpolitik , '' says John Roper , of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London , referring to West Germany 's longstanding policy of a diplomatic opening to the East . 
Some town-watching excursions were downright comic . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Rebel artillerists bombarded the capital of Afghanistan , killing at least 12 people , as the Soviet Union was reported to be airlifting arms and food to Kabul 's forces . 
Now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without undue risk , without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit ! 
Suzanne Foster 
THE R.H. MACY & CO . department-store chain is n't for sale . 
It helps to keep out unions . 
Jaguar shareholders would have to bless such a far-reaching accord . 
Ms. Applebaum had estimated third-quarter earnings of 55 cents a share , but said the losses for the unusual items were larger than expected . 
KKR already has made about $ 1 billion of gains from earlier transactions with SCI TV , thus it is n't significantly affected by the company 's troubles . 
The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos . 
`` People showed some staying power and , in fact , interest in buying equities . '' 
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China . 
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said . 
Plugging a cheaper college into the formulas still does n't generate an installment most people can live with . 
Net was $ 139 million , or 98 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 213 million , or $ 1.56 a share , a year ago . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
Best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip cousins on the New York Stock Exchange , are languishing at depressed prices . 
I approached `` Mastergate , '' Larry Gelbart 's new comedy at the Criterion Center , with considerable trepidation . 
The fledgling National Children 's Cancer Society , for example , took in $ 2.5 million last year to finance bone-marrow transplants for children . 
In the trial of former Haas Securities Chairman Eugene Laff , the defense accused one of the government 's chief witnesses of threatening to kill Mr. Laff . 
Separately , First Hospital reported a 1.6 % rise in net income to $ 6.1 million for its year ended June 30 on a 27 % increase in revenue to $ 110.6 million . 
Excluding transportation items , orders rose 1.8 % . 
Mr. Heller , now at VISA International , was a governor of the Federal Reserve Board from 1986 until earlier this year . 
But he cautioned that Westmoreland 's third quarter is typically better than the fourth , so investors `` should n't just multiply the third quarter by four '' and assume the same rate of improvement can be sustained . 
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities . 
Spain and Italy are most often mentioned as the future economic hot spots . 
Also , the company issued 300 million marks of convertible bonds with an indicated 2 3\/4 % coupon due March 31 , 1995 , at par , via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale Bank . 
Los Angeles will be the site of a new entertainment division for the ad agency . 
Omnicom Group Inc. , New York , reported third-quarter net income rose 54 % to $ 5.6 million , or 22 cents a share , from $ 3.6 million , or 15 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Even if borrowing resumes , commercial bankers are n't expected to lend as much as before . 
Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures . 
They asked regulators to suggest new ways to force banks and thrifts to comply with anti-discrimination laws . 
Lion Nathan and PepsiCola Australia , a unit of PepsiCo Inc. of the U.S. , did n't say why Cadbury Schweppes will no longer hold the franchise . 
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
If we wish to be serious about American education , we know exactly what to do -- and , just as important , what not to do . 
Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million , or $ 1.04 a share , compared with $ 73.6 million , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier . 
Earnings continued to pace sales because of a lower tax rate , profit from the renegotiation of the debt instrument received from Faberge Inc. in connection with Lilly 's sale of Elizabeth Arden Inc. in 1987 , and net proceeds from the settlement of patent litigation at Lilly 's Hybritech Inc. unit . 
In a blow to France 's Rafale jet fighter , the French navy for the first time publicly stated its desire to buy 15 McDonnell Douglas Corp. F-18 Hornets to defend its aircraft carriers . 
Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out . 
But TCI President John Malone has long been concerned about HBO 's dominance of the pay TV business , and has been eager to keep Showtime as a healthy competitor . 
`` The collar was penetrated on a number of occasions , '' meaning securities firms figured out ways to conduct program trades to circumvent the collar and use the Big Board 's electronic trading system , Mr. Phelan said . 
Guaranteed minimum 6 % . 
The latest period included a $ 54 million gain from the sale of various oil and gas properties , a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic oil and gas operations , and tax credits of $ 42 million . 
Some European analysts speculated that officials of Saab 's highly profitable Scania truck operation balked at surrendering any of their autonomy . 
The company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding . 
So go out there and eat that debt . 
Though tiny , that 's a reduction in its share . 
The House is scheduled to vote this week on the compromise , as a substitute to a new Democratic bill , itself watered down from last spring 's version . 
Assuming modern audiences readily understand that Moliere 's social indictment covers their world as well as 17th-century Paris , Mr. Wilbur concentrated his formidable artistry on rendering the Alexandrine French verse into sprightly and theatrical English iambic pentameter . 
The impact on Japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the San Francisco area is still being assessed , they said . 
Gabelli Group began raising its Milton Roy stake in July , and holds 14.6 % , according to a recent SEC filing . 
`` The Fed wo n't be stampeded into easing , '' Mr. Logan said , predicting that for now , interest rates will stay where they are . 
Last year , when the rising Orange River threatened to swamp the course , the same engineers who are pushing back the Atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood . 
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Because it 's impossible to gauge how long the walkout by 55,000 Machinists rank and file will last , the precise impact on Boeing 's sales , earnings , cash flow and short-term investment position could n't be determined . 
`` It 's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers do n't want to { take the orders } . 
The Wall Street firms ' pullback followed their recent blacklisting by several institutional investors . 
On Oct. 29 , 1929 -- a date historians stubbornly insist on associating with the dreaded C-word -- the DJ industrials fell 12.8 % . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
TESTS ON 2,800-year-old mummies from Chile indicate ancient wood fires did n't produce dioxins or dibenzofurans , contradicting a theory the two pollutants today are coming from wood burning , General Electric Co. reports in Environmental Science & Technology magazine ... . 
Yesterday , Southam reported third-quarter earnings of C$ 10.8 million on revenue of C$ 395.4 million , down from C$ 14.6 million on revenue of C$ 389.6 million in the year-ago quarter . 
But most economists doubt the streamlining would cut deeply into Conasupo government subsidy , which largely goes to reduce consumer prices for corn and milk . 
For the nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 465 million , or $ 4.32 a share . 
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies . 
Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's and Bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety . 
This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness , however . 
PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC CO. , San Francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 7.6 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , undetermined damage to four nearby substations , severe structural damage to a major power plant at Moss Landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 400,000 residences without electricity and 69,000 without gas , can not reconnect electricity until it is certain there are no gas leaks , no predictions on when this will happen . 
`` It looks like serious tax evasion , '' says Mr. Ailes , the Giuliani media consultant . 
Tennessee and North Carolina , home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees , receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request . 
Mr. Patel also was placed on three years ' probation . 
Last Friday , takeover traders spilled out of Hilton , knocking the stock down 21 1\/2 to 85 . 
Mercury , which has assets of more than $ 2 billion and 24 branches in California , said the action to improve its regulatory capital position is related directly to new capital requirements mandated by recently adopted federal legislation . 
Some Golenbock lawyers wo n't be invited to join Whitman & Ransom , according to partners at both firms . 
But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer , Jonathan Fried ( Zamislov , the paralegal ) who is the actor to watch , whether he is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife ( Becca Lish ) by licking her bosom . 
The delight of television in dramatic confrontation encourages overuse of slogans chanted through bullhorns , militant gestures , accusatory signs and other emotionally inspired tactics . 
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority . 
`` It smacks of big brotherism . 
IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars . 
Valley National 's slide of 5 3\/4 points to 18 1\/2 on 4.2 million shares followed its report late Wednesday of a $ 72.2 million third-quarter loss . 
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
`` They said they wanted to show me how serious they were , '' he says . 
While Seita does n't own the French tabacs , its close alliance with them offers distribution possibilities . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` I think the $ 500 million is a little bit of a fire drill , '' said Jim Ednee , head of the industrial bond department at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The measure , which will take effect next Wednesday , will create a two-tier exchange rate . 
London shares closed moderately lower in thin trading . 
However , the Swiss financial press in general , as well as many analysts , have had a hard time making up their minds about Mr. Rey and his un-Swiss ways . 
At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers . 
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis , Ind. , company rose 11 % to $ 1.045 billion from $ 940.6 million . 
A mile and a half away looms the 150-foot-tall rig of the Sniper , due to be pumping by December . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % . 
West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 and 2019 and capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 . 
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ? 
But he and his chief financial officer , John Pope , sowed some of the seeds for the deal 's failure by insisting banks accept low financing fees and interest rates , while they invested in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 114.3 million they stood to gain from sale of their UAL stock and options . 
Last month its president , John S. Donnelly , resigned citing `` management differences '' with Mr. Kurzweil . 
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details . 
`` It sure smells like it , '' he said . 
The discovery of the ozone `` hole '' over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations . 
Geoffrey Goodfellow , who dropped out of high school back in the 1970s to manage a computer network at a California research firm , says : `` Old network hands have started to turn off the network because they do n't have time to wade through the muck . '' 
It also would have reduced mandatory overtime . 
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party . 
It also tracks personnel and financial announcements by NEC 's distributors and customers . 
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas . 
There is an element of make-work involved . 
Here she delivers , especially during her enthusiastically awful rendition of the `` Candy Man , '' which she sings while prancing around in a little cotton candy pink angora sweater that could n't be more perfect . 
However , as is common with sweeping legislation , the proposal contains many provisions that could destroy important parts of the system it sets out to preserve . 
If they were really getting insurance against environmental disaster , the price would be cheap . 
`` It does n't appear to be getting worse . 
That would make it the second-largest bank , after Barnett Banks Inc. , in a state widely considered to be the most lucrative banking market in the country . 
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument . 
As a fan of older movies from the 1920s on , I do not find modern comedies contain violence , sex and foul language to any greater degree than other recent movies . 
The letter , dated last Thursday , cited the losses at Valley National , and at United Bank , also of Phoenix , where Mr. Simmons was chairman for 29 years . 
( It is , however , possible , that further study will reveal increasing bias . ) 
There will be a lot of repair work that wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new constructon would . '' 
The Parks Council wrote the BPCA that this `` too ` private ' ... exclusive , '' complex and expensive `` enclosed garden ... belongs in almost any location but the waterfront . '' 
The cash payout will be reduced by 40 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of Ramada 's common stock exceeds $ 14 on the day the transaction closes . 
Abbie Hoffman in this case is to be played by Hollywood actor Paul Lieber , who is n't new to the character . 
Jupiter is so enormous -- its mass is 318 times that of Earth -- that its gravity may have trapped these primordial gases and never let them escape . 
So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's . 
Third , they offer high yields . 
On Wall Street , takeover stock traders bid Nekoosa 's stock well above the Georgia-Pacific bid , assuming that Nekoosa 's will either be sold to a rival bidder or to Georgia-Pacific at a higher price -- as much as $ 75 a share , according to some estimates . 
Just 5 % of the respondents mentioned brands in September , up slightly from 2 % in March . 
The remaining four trustees on the Claimants Trust have 60 days to nominate a successor to Mr. Saltzburg . 
Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development . 
Also Jonathan Silvers , who collaborated with Mr. Hoffman on two books . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
He has good control . 
Renewed efforts to fight drugs and crime will be costly . 
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
News of Mr. Eward 's retirement comes one day after Morgan said that Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan 's banking subsidiary to join a financial services firm . 
Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds . 
QVC agreed to pay $ 19 and one-eighth QVC share for each of CVN 's 20 million fully diluted shares . 
Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says . 
It was priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The acquisition `` gives us additional production capacity for the food service coffee business and a stronger distribution network , '' a P&G spokesman said . 
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects . 
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures . 
When Chicago futures prices jump up or down , the New York Stock Exchange follows . 
Last week 's output fell 1.7 % from the 1,848,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
And security authority Robert L. Duston favors disciplining all employees who cheat . 
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
12:48 a.m . 
Next week 's report could very well show an increase in crude inventories . 
The anti-abortionists are urging GOP Gov. Bill Clements to press the issues in a special session scheduled to run Nov. 14 to Dec. 13 . 
My wife and I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first . 
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce . 
In other words , economic growth would be lower and unemployment would be higher for a few years . 
Looking back , he says he erred by stating his `` personal '' opposition to abortion instead of assuring voters that he would n't impose his views on `` policy '' as governor . 
The rapidly flashing return signals from excited hydrogen atoms in the blood give a `` stop-motion '' movie of the blood-filled vessel , ( like the `` stop-motion '' seen in disco dancers when a strobe light is flashing ) . 
Other insurance rates such as casualty insurance , which would cover liability claims , are n't likely to firm right away , says Alice Cornish , an industry analyst with Northington Research in Avon , Conn . 
The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world . 
They maintain that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills . 
While USAir is n't considered absolutely takeover-proof , its defenses , including the sale in August of a 12 % stake in the company to Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , are pretty strong . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
WATKINS-JOHNSON CO. , defense-oriented electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 292 million , NYSE , minor damage to headquarters and plant in Palo Alto , no damage to San Jose plant , `` still assessing '' damage at Scotts Valley plant , where main product is furnaces for semiconductor production . 
Another lifelong complication , as Phyllis Rose makes clear in `` Jazz Cleopatra : Josephine Baker in Her Time '' ( Doubleday , 321 pages , $ 22.50 ) , was racism . 
Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed . 
Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps sees paper-company stock prices falling 10 % to 15 % in 1990 , perhaps 25 % if there 's a recession . 
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
They immediately termed the proposal inadequate and said the restructuring would not solve the company 's problems . 
It instructs a broker to buy or sell an investment at the specified price or better . 
Per-share net of 66 cents , down from 72 cents , fell by more than overall net because of more shares outstanding . 
On Tuesday afternoon , Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed . 
The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people . 
Coke said the joint-venture arrangement , which needs approval from both companies ' boards , should be completed early next year . 
SCI TV 's six stations once were part of Storer Communications . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 26 . 
The FDA has asked Kellogg and General Mills to show research that their cereals are safe . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago . 
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen . 
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
Net outflows from Fidelity 's stock funds stood at less than $ 300 million , or below 15 % of the $ 2 billion cash position of the firm 's stock portfolios . 
Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform . 
On average , however , three-month CDs at major banks are yielding a tenth of a percentage point less than they were a week ago . 
However , peace efforts by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias have n't always helped the country 's cause in Washington . 
East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager , the government 's top ideologist , that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper , there 's no reason to change your own . 
Now there 's an idea . 
Dean Steinkuhler , a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman , confesses that he used 'em , and says other Huskers did too . 
The move followed a round of similar increases by other lenders against Arizona real estate loans , reflecting a continuing decline in that market . 
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago . '' 
Wow ! 
According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin , it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig . 
`` An orphan bear cub . 
For more than the past year , even the rumor of a major West Coast refinery shutdown has been enough to spark a futures rally because the gasoline market is so tight . 
The company , which has 13.8 million common shares outstanding , said in mid-June that it was considering a restructuring to ward off a hostile takeover attempt by two European shipping concerns . 
The first Barney 's shop is scheduled to open in Japan next year . 
Some high-priced issues made a comeback Friday . 
With these incentives , demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it . 
Instead , he said that the purpose is simply for the two to get `` better acquainted '' and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
New two-year notes ended unchanged while three-year and four-year notes were slightly lower . 
Because the cycle of poverty along the lower Mississippi goes back so many generations , breaking this cycle will be next to impossible . 
`` That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications . 
It adds something to the market . 
A close look at his record over the last 15 years suggests that Mr. Bush has well-stated his views -- on all sides of the issue . 
Using it , would n't a proessional hesitate to pay tens of thousands of dollars just for a chance to invest witha planner ? 
A new specialty court was sought by patent experts , who believed that the generalists had botched too many important , multimillion-dollar cases . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 366.50 an ounce . 
According to the Soviet news agency Tass , `` Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of { East } Germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR { German Democratic Republic } encountered . '' 
Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Mr. Brown , meanwhile , believes `` only one tax will be feasible , and it will be a one-penny sales tax increase , '' said Chuck Dalldorf , an aide . 
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life . 
-- Freshman football player . 
Agents say airlines , which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets , should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they 're used . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters also almost certainly would n't be able to participate in future sequels to `` Batman , '' the blockbuster hit they produced for Warner . 
He said there is `` no valid investment reason '' for stock-index futures to exist . 
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic . 
U.S. Judge Leonard B. Sand set the Garcias ' sentencing for Jan. 5 . 
Traders who had sold contracts earlier , in hopes of buying them back at lower prices , yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses . 
The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up . 
Maybe Mr. Z. was too busy taming his set to work with his naturally ungainly Alfredo . 
To take advantage of local expertise and custom , the study said , Congress should require each of the 94 federal district courts to adopt its own plan to speed the handling of civil suits and to reduce the high costs in civil cases . 
A committee of outside directors for the Garden City , N.Y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by Oct. 31 . 
Mr. Pilson says that when he spoke out a few years ago , `` I did n't say forever , and I did n't say every property . '' 
`` When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
`` Nothing has changed fundamentally in the Tokyo market . '' 
He considered himself intellectually superior to his Peruvian peers , many of whom were wayward sons sent by their well-off families to the highly disciplined , French-modeled academy as a sort of reform school . 
During the Nixon administration , the Drug Enforcement Administration became dismayed at the extent of the G-2 's connections to arrested drug traffickers . 
`` The profit locking-in is definitely going on , '' said Mr. Mills , whose firm manages $ 600 million for Boston Co . 
So they opted for IRA , naming it after Ira Cohen , a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Two rumored restructuring candidates in the oil industry moved higher : Chevron , which rose 1 3\/4 to 68 1\/4 on 3.5 million shares , and USX , which gained 1 1\/4 to 34 5\/8 . 
I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article . 
However , those sales were early in the field 's history , before production equipment was installed . 
But we 're not making as many { pyrotechnic devices } as we used to . 
Penn Central Corp. , Cincinnati , said it agreed in principle to acquire Noranda Inc. 's Carol Cable Co. unit for $ 177 million . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from August , according to provisional estimates by the National Statistics Institute . 
New construction contracts rose 8 % in September , led by commercial , industrial and public-works projects , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa . 
By a 325-92 margin , the Appropriations Committee leadership beat back an early challenge by House Banking Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) to the FHA provision . 
The American Institute for Imported Steel said imports for the first eight months of 1989 were below the level allowed by the Voluntary Restraint Agreement program . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a good rate this fall , machine tool makers say , but sluggish sales of new cars and trucks raise questions about fourth-quarter demand from the important automotive industry . 
The trust , which owns 80 % of Manville 's stock on a fully diluted basis , is a separate legal entity that is settling claims with asbestos victims . 
He will remain chairman . 
Warehouse clubs typically carry general merchandise and food products , which they sell for close to wholesale prices in no-frills stores . 
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction . 
In this year 's third quarter , for example , net was $ 10.5 million , or $ 1.05 a share , compared with $ 10.3 million , or $ 1.02 a share , a year earlier . 
`` It 's simple , '' says Lamar Hunt , who owns the Kansas City Chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 2.40 to an average $ 17 . 
In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning . 
Carmine Grigoli , chief market strategist for First Boston , who still says , `` We expect the Dow average { to be at } 3000 by mid-1990 , '' nonetheless foresees a sluggish economy in the meantime . 
October 's numbers , which wo n't be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say . 
But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach . 
`` The public is very close to having had it , '' Mr. Jenks says . 
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says . 
But it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in Antarctica . 
He left his last two jobs at Republic Airlines and Flying Tiger with combined stock-option gains of about $ 22 million , and UAL gave him a $ 15 million bonus when it hired him . 
Proceeds from the planned sale of the 250,000-square-foot building `` will help reduce the debt incurred as a result of our July 1988 recapitalization , '' said a USG official . 
Bricktop , another American black woman who found a measure of fame in Paris , said : `` I do n't think I 've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life , or whose life was more complicated than Josephine 's . '' 
That gain probably translated into about 5 % to 7 % in dollar terms , well below recent quarters ' gains of above 20 % , reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds . 
But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 . 
The one thing Mr. Phillips clearly does have going for him is continuity , although it is n't certain if that will be enough . 
This tale of a Chicago policewoman returning home to find the man who raped her 20 years earlier is supposed to be set in the Ozarks . 
Carol Sanger , vice president , corporate communications at Campeau , says that all of the Federated and Allied chains are paying their bills in a timely manner . 
For example , some securities analysts warned that stocks of certain insurance companies , which face massive damage claims , would get hit hard . 
Everyone is vulnerable , '' says Charles Harper , associate regional administrator for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Miami . 
By then , DLJ hopes to be able to sell less-junky junk bonds . 
Executions , regardless of how frequently they occur , are also `` proper retribution '' for heinous crimes , Mr. Hatch argues . 
`` The coupon was raised to induce some of the big players on the fence to come in , '' said a spokesman for Donaldson . 
Burlington 's operating profit grew to $ 9.2 million from $ 3.8 million a year earlier , Pittston said . 
How should a reasonable member of the Federal Reserve Board interpret a congressional decision to put the secretary on the board ? 
In October , net sales of stock funds at Fidelity dropped sharply , Mr. Hines said . 
To land customers for their well-paying stock custodial business , big banks sometimes will throw in basic indexing services for free . 
What 's more , a Hong Kong textile trader says , some Chinese exporters from state-run enterprises are protesting the crackdown by dragging their feet on soliciting new business . 
South Africa 's current account surplus swelled to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of between five billion and six billion rand ( $ 1.9 billion and $ 2.28 billion ) in the third quarter , Reserve Bank Governor Chris Stals said . 
Guaranteed by India . 
4 . Make your due-process system visible . 
Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . 
So , he advises , make goals achievable . 
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages . 
`` Ford 's appetite to attack { Jaguar } could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
Both figures were record highs . 
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help . 
But many have . 
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters . 
The beginnings were modest . 
`` If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? '' Mr. Carmon asked . 
Atlantic Richfield 
Poland is short on enterprises , not enterprise . 
Today , 30 have . 
The Los Angeles investor ca n't buy UAL stock , solicit shareholder consents or make a new offer unless he makes a formal offer of $ 300 a share or UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
Only three of the 25 corporate pension fund managers attending a Lowry Consulting Group client conference say they plan to change the asset allocation mix in their portfolios because of the market drop . 
Mr. Sloan plans to remain on the board until his current term expires in April 1991 , a Lance spokesman said . 
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street . 
Americans may not be so lucky the next time . 
The administration and Congress have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists . 
Remic mortgage securities was launched by a Morgan Stanley group . 
Mr. Blodgett , the boiler-room veteran , believes that for many investors , the get-rich-quick scams carry a longed-for element of excitement . 
Total capital investment at the site could be as much as $ 400 million , according to Intel . 
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico . 
Last month , Morgan Grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 49.6 % to # 32.8 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business . 
Previously , Columbia did n't have to adjust the book value of its junk-bond holdings to reflect declines in market prices , because it held the bonds as long-term investments . 
American Medical International Inc. , a New York hospital operator , will be deleted from the index at that time . 
Three savings-and-loan institutions in Kansas and Texas were added to the Resolution Trust Corp. 's conservatorship program after federal regulators declared the thrifts insolvent and named the RTC their receiver . 
`` If it were an open market , we would have been in in 1983 or 1984 , '' says Eckhard Pfeiffer , who heads Compaq Computer Corp. 's European and international operations . 
They argue that as the Kremlin follows through on announced plans to cut land forces -- the Soviets ' area of greatest strength -- the U.S. should show more willingness to cut sea forces -- Washington 's area of greatest superiority . 
But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners ( IAFP ) , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well . 
But in October 1987 , when portfolio insurers rushed to sell at the same time , they overwhelmed both the stock and futures markets . 
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share ( and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . ) 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . '' 
Thus far there is no indication that they have been re-supplied with Stingers or other anti-aircraft weapons . 
As long as the rival Soviet-backed regime of Mengistu Haile Mariam held a total gridlock over neighboring Ethiopia , the U.S. was forced to accept that lonely Berbera runway as a distant No. 2 to the Soviets ' array of airfields next door . 
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors . 
Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports . 
Finnair and SAS said they plan to swap stakes in each other . 
Wanted : An investment that 's as simple and secure as a certificate of deposit but offers a return worth getting excited about . 
It did n't provide details of setup costs . 
A financial adviser for Revco bondholders , David Schulte , of Chilmark Partners , had mixed reactions to the offer . 
Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health . 
The rest , he is confident , can be raised . 
Biking groups in Montana , Idaho , Michigan and Massachusetts have won similar concessions , says Tim Blumenthal , mountain bike editor of Bicycling magazine . 
But the companies said that Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents will market GRE life insurance , pension and investment products through its more than 1,000 retail outlets in the U.K . 
The compromise proposal , ending a long impasse between Democrats and the president , would boost the minimum wage to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 from $ 3.35 now . 
The convertible preferred will pay dividends at 7.875 % and be convertible into shares of Citizens First at a rate equal to 20 % above the average closing price of the stock during a 20-day period prior to the transaction 's completion . 
As the music swells , viewers discover they 're watching a commercial for Lone Star Beer , the pride of Texas , a product of G. Heileman Brewing Co. , a La Crosse , Wis. , unit of Bond Corp . 
It has purchased about 19 million of them . 
`` Kodak understands HDTV is where everybody is going , '' says RIT 's Mr. Spaull . 
`` It 's going to get bloody . '' 
In the first nine months of 1989 , Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies . 
Mr. Hall says Mr. Paul `` was known to spend a lot of money . 
Had he been a little less gung-ho , `` I 'd have gotten the thing on the ground and headed for the nearest bar , '' Mr. Brown says . 
Economist David N. Laband 's Sept. 27 editorial-page article , `` In Hugo 's Path , a Man-Made Disaster , '' decries the control of price gouging , swiftly ordered by South Carolina 's governor after Hurricane Hugo . 
Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out . 
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management . 
Having survived both last Friday 's 6.9 % Wall Street plunge and the immediate aftermath of the San Francisco Bay area earthquake , Tokyo market participants expressed relief that trading had returned to normal . 
Stocks have a place in an investors ' portfolio along with real estate , bonds , international securities and cash , he says . 
`` It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , '' Mr. Katz says . 
An estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 1.5 million for Smith College . 
It was modest pay by American standards , but a healthy boost to his small military salary , which fellow officers remember as having been $ 300 to $ 400 monthly . 
After the discarded mural was found outside the school by a concerned Stamford graduate , it eventually was turned over to Hiram Hoelzer , a professional art restorer . 
The company 's trustee , F.E. Agnew , was unavailable for comment . 
The computers use the company 's own microprocessor called Sparc , Sun said . 
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run . 
These include bans on the use of abortion for birth control and sex selection , and the public funding of alternatives for abortion . 
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files . 
Loral said it expects sales to accelerate in both the third and fourth quarters of this fiscal year . 
The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering . 
Housing issues were boosted by a report that Daiwa House expects to post 43 % higher earnings for its latest fiscal year , traders said . 
The family moves to another house at night to conceal shabby belongings from neighbors . 
A spokesman for the Comex could n't be reached to comment . 
A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square , where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters . 
Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow . 
-- Junior football player . 
In a letter to the federation , Raymond Campion , Exxon 's environmental coordinator , said : `` Recent public actions by you regarding the Valdez oil spill have failed to demonstrate any sense of objectivity or fairness . '' 
Exxon 's profitability , like that of many other oil companies , was hurt during the third quarter by declining returns from the chemicals and refining and marketing businesses . 
The council plans to release its regional reports monthly . 
Operating profit from carbon products , such as graphite electrodes , also declined , to $ 6 million from $ 20 million . 
`` But the real future of this game is in a number of people owning a few horses . '' 
`` We have too many people in our home offices , '' says Yoshio Hatakeyama , the president of the Japan Management Association . 
Our copy of Racine ( Wis . ) Labor comes through the mail wrapped around two sections of Baseball Card News . 
Activity continued to slow from the hectic pace set during the market 's plunge late Friday and its rebound Monday , as players began to set their sights on events coming later this week . 
Two years ago , the futures exchange was the envy of other would-be futures centers . 
Mr. Shilling , who was Merrill Lynch 's chief economist from 1967 to 1971 , has heralded a recession for months . 
`` We are a vanishing breed , '' he muses . 
`` I 've been struggling against that for years , '' says Jonathan Rodgers , who runs WBBM-TV , the CBS-owned station in Chicago . 
Machine tools are complex machines ranging from lathes to metal-forming presses that are used to shape most metal parts . 
Though it 's probably safe to assume that the majority of financial planners are honest and even reasonably competent , the fact remains that , as one wag puts it , `` anybody who can fog a mirror '' can call himself a financial planner . 
Those investments paid big commissions to First Meridian , payments investors were never told about , the attorney general alleged . 
( Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers , but Mr. Stein and other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . ) 
Though direct mail to businesses is n't broken out separately , the association says it 's growing even faster . 
American Exploration Co. , offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
The companies reached an agreement in principle for the sale in August . 
The team was composed of representatives from engineering , manufacturing , corporate estimating , flight test , material , quality control , and other departments . 
Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings . 
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 . 
It is having trouble meeting its debt payments because of heavy borrowing in 1987 for a leveraged buy-out . 
`` It made our New Year , '' says Mr. Quinlan . 
Coca-Cola Co. said it produced a new version of its 1971 `` I 'd like to teach the world to sing '' commercial . 
`` On the other hand , we have economic news that is { expected to be } relatively positive for the bond market . 
His message is getting a chilly reception in Detroit , where the Big Three auto makers are already being forced to close plants because of soft sales and reduced dealer orders . 
The 4.52 % net interest margin , or the difference between the yield on a bank 's investments and the rate it pays for deposits and other borrowings , was still markedly higher than the 3.91 % ratio a year earlier , and is among the best in the industry , analysts said . 
On the suit by the limited partners , he says he is considering a defamation suit against the plaintiffs . 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , ( ELP ) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , ( FMI ) . 
Says Michele Hoffman , a clerk in the resort 's front office : `` We do n't have the outdoor pool , the pool table , ping pong table , snack bar or VCR , but we still have the indoor pool and Jacuzzi . '' 
Any reorganization proposal , Mr. Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
The company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs . 
Deutsche Bank , Dresdner Bank and Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in France before 1992 . 
Also , AMR was the most active Big Board issue ; 2.8 million shares changed hands . 
Now Mr. Bush will come to Costa Rica and encounter Nicaraguan strongman Daniel Ortega , eager for photo opportunities with the U.S. president . 
Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 , building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions . 
Canada is the world 's largest producer of market pulp . 
Also , some policy illustrations assume that mortality costs will decline or that I will get some sort of dividend bonus after the 10th year . 
The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $ 10 million to $ 15 million in damage , including shattered porcelains and stone figures . 
The issue is rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P . 
`` Things are beginning to settle down . 
But such an increase , he says , could be viewed by the market as `` too little too late . '' 
Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged . 
`` Sit tight '' through the coming volatility , Mr. Reitman suggests , though he concedes that many small investors will find Jaguar 's zigzags `` too hard to swallow . '' 
The gain reflects fresh economic evidence that inflation is moderating while the economy slows . 
They , in turn , lent money to their customers -- who were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year . 
The board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
It named a new chief executive officer , former IMS International head Robert Louis-Dreyfus . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , charges that New York 's mandatory retirement age of 76 violates federal law . 
But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind . 
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion . 
Aidan Quinn , Brian Dennehy and Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution . 
The National Association of Broadcasters in June adopted an agenda for revitalizing AM radio that includes , among other things , pursuing further FCC action on selecting an AM stereo standard and seeking a law requiring all stereo receivers to include AM stereo . 
But yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid by deferring for one year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants . 
On U.S. military presence in Asia : Asked if his offer to allow the American military to use facilities in Singapore would help preserve America 's presence in the region at bases in the Philippines , he said , `` What we have done is make it easier for the Philippines to continue to host American bases without it being said they are lackeys of the imperialists and the only ones in Asia or in Southeast Asia . 
Dun & Bradstreet 's stock price began its recent spiral downward last Wednesday , when the company reported third-quarter results . 
Kelly\/Varnell had put South Gardens ' carrying capacity at four people per room , or about 100 humans overall . 
For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 . 
One of those was in Hollister , Calif. , near the earthquake 's epicenter . 
`` He 's done this thing where he 'll buy a little bit of a company and then trade out of it . 
WITHHOLDING RULES : 
His family was given three hours to leave before the house and contents were confiscated . 
Peter Pae in Pittsburgh contributed to this article . 
`` We have no plans at this time to pay off those notes , '' he said . 
That 's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points . 
( Jacksonville , Fla. ) -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief operating officer will resign from these positions and the board effective Oct. 31 . 
Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan said in a recent interview that he has no inclination to eliminate program trading . 
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses . 
General Motors earlier this year said it would n't deliver bulk mail or free magazines in its Flint , Mich. , office , while Air Products & Chemicals , Allentown , Pa. , says it screens junk mail and often throws out most of a given mass mailing . 
The market has grown relatively quiet since the China crisis . 
For now , defense attorneys are tight-lipped about their plans . 
Sales rose 8.4 % to $ 27.95 billion from $ 25.78 billion . 
Phoenix declined to comment . 
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information . 
State and local taxes increased to $ 131.3 million from $ 99.1 million a year ago . 
`` We 're being paid today , but we 're worried about tomorrow and will want '' letters of credit , says the sales director at one major dress maker who asked not to be identified . 
The agency may not have much choice : A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights and 16 hours on international trips . 
They added that the DJIA 's swift drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the U.S. currency in the direction it was already headed . 
But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers . 
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings . 
However , about 120 employees will be affected by the agreement . 
And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March . 
A Taiwanese steelmaker recently announced plans to build a Nucor-like plant . 
Dow Chemical Co. said third-quarter net income slipped 6.8 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
Montedison now owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's shares outstanding . 
Addington Resources Inc. said it called for redemption on Nov. 21 its $ 25.8 million outstanding of 8 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2013 . 
Outside observers are gathering in Nicaragua to monitor the registration and treatment of opposition candidates . 
Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases . 
But to Ms. Allen , the employee whose back problem triggered a huge insurance-rate increase , the issue was simple . 
Based on the current number of La Jolla shares , that gives the transaction a value of $ 104 million . 
Park Tower General Counsel Matthew Mayer said the development team will have to review two additional lawsuits before putting up a $ 155 million letter of credit to cover condemnation costs . 
The researchers said they did this , but the toxin did n't induce immunity to whooping cough . 
About 11,000 shares sold at $ 170 on the bell , representing about eight to 10 late orders , the specialists estimate . 
As policy-makers draw up proposals for the next five-year plan , which starts in 1991 , the blueprint represents a powerful first shot in what is likely to be a fierce battle over economic reform . 
Although working women are `` forced to wear the uniform of the day , to retain their femininity they are buying better quality , more upscale intimate apparel , '' he said . 
Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia . 
Reflecting that logic , insurance-company stocks posted strong gains . 
Keizaikai is one of a small but growing band of Japanese companies taking their first steps into American publishing , after making major investments in entertainment , real estate and banking companies here . 
But Pemex managers are the ones most thrilled by the contract . 
Under those measures , financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations . 
Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 . 
Many investors expected damage from the hurricane to be the catalyst for higher rates in the industry , which has been depressed because of low rates arising from intense competition . 
Farm income is 15 % below the average . 
As it turned out , bank employees were n't hurt and the vaults withstood the jolts . 
In wooing British lawmakers , GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British-owned and independent . 
Wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come . 
Assume that a TV network is airing a celebrity interview program with a live audience . 
Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
As for joint ventures , Mr. Houghton said profit was `` essentially flat '' due primarily to a slow recovery at Samsung-Corning Co. in Korea following a strike at a major customer and the disruption of shipments to China . 
January platinum rose $ 2.30 an ounce to $ 488.60 . 
Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an `` A '' for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction . 
Mark Johnson , the producer of `` Rainman , '' chimes in : `` He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... . 
Dr. Morgan is a highly educated white professional who attended some of the `` best '' schools . 
Charles McCoy in San Francisco and John R. Emshwiller in Los Angeles contributed to this article . 
Late in the day , Mr. Wolf issued a onepage statement calling Mr. Peterpaul 's blast `` divisive and uncalled for . '' 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market . 
In a separate matter , the Justice Department yesterday said Boeing agreed to pay the government $ 11 million to settle claims that the company provided inaccurate cost information to the Air Force while negotiating contracts to replace the aluminum skins on the KC-135 tanker aircraft . 
A group of United 's noncontract employees said in a statement , `` The fact that Wolf and other officers were going to line their pockets with literally millions of dollars while instituting severe pay cuts on the nonunion employees of United is not only deplorable but inexcusable . '' 
Such an organization could , among other things , set minimum standards for competence , ethics and finances and punish those investment advisers who broke the rules . 
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed . 
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . 
The Afrikaner must end his reliance on others . '' 
Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million , or $ 1.58 a share , in the 1988 third quarter . 
Venezuela will hold a debt-equity auction Friday , with 32 potential bidders participating . 
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets . 
But Mr. Noriega was convinced the Reagan White House would n't act against him , recalls his close ally Jose Blandon , because he had an insurance policy : his involvement with the Contra rebels in Nicaragua . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
Mr. Krenz almost certainly will be a younger version of Erich Honecker , his rigid predecessor as dictator . 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and , with the help of the FBI , taped their conversation with him . 
The collapse of a $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. may not stop some of Wall Street 's top talent from collecting up to $ 53.7 million in fees . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday . 
The company suffered a $ 9 million loss in the third quarter , compared with net of $ 2.5 million a year earlier . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
West Germans get glitz , with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background . 
Despite some early computer-guided program buying , the Nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 . 
Both General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. have been trying to amass 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
Warner executives also filed new sworn affidavits denying claims by Messrs. Guber and Peters that the two sides had an oral agreement that enabled the producers to terminate their contract with Warner should the opportunity to run a major studio come up . 
The institute said that , excluding semifinished steel products , year-to-date imports represented 15.2 % of consumption , compared with a permitted maximum of 18.5 % . 
Exploration and production profits slumped $ 40 million due to a provision for restructuring costs . 
Adm. Goupil said that when the F-18s wear out , the navy is prepared to take Rafales to replace them . 
The protesters who greeted Mikhail Gorbachev at East Berlin 's airport earlier this month were n't shouting `` Go U.S.A '' -- they were chanting `` Gorby , Help Us . '' 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC . 
The government said the consumer price index rose 2.3 % in the quarter ended Sept. 30 from the previous quarter and 8 % from a year ago . 
Not including thrifts under government conservatorship , S&Ls reduced their assets by $ 10.1 billion from the previous month , and deposit outflows totaled $ 3.9 billion . 
Estimated volume was a heavy seven million ounces . 
Figuring that their money would more likely go toward a bottle of Night Train Express , most people have little trouble saying no to propositions like this . 
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
The 120-day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday . 
Though it is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics , there 's little doubt they will shake up the industry . 
To protect their claims , some junk-holders want KKR and perhaps Mr. Gillett to invest new money in SCI TV , perhaps $ 50 million or more . 
Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern . 
In keeping with America 's long history of propping up Mr. Noriega , recent U.S. actions have extended rather than shortened his survival . 
Some of the bill 's supporters had taken heart from the fact that the letter was n't signed by Mr. Skinner and that it did n't contain a veto threat . 
The decision in Los Angeles federal court stems from a 1985 Mercury Sable TV ad that Young & Rubicam worked up for Ford Motor Co . 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
In August , he issued the ruling that let the pilots pursue their back-pay grievance before the arbitrator . 
Those changes also would apply to two areas hit hard by Hurricane Hugo -- South Carolina and the U.S. Virgin Islands , according to an aide to Rep. Fazio . 
The latter are modish , trendy , often downright silly , and at best insubstantial . 
Despite the dire assessments of knowledgeable garden professionals , Ms. Bartlett 's South Gardens design somehow continues on , seemingly impervious to reason , stalled only by bureaucratic lethargy and logistical complications . 
So why does Renaissance 's computer like stocks with the Dow at 2653.28 , where it closed yesterday , when it did n't with the Dow at 2200 ? 
Business : Luxury cars 
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
According to industry executives , Peter Sutherland , a former European Community commissioner from Ireland , was also a serious contender for the American Express job . 
This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention , and with its financial commitment to Mexico , Poland and others . 
And they 've bought one . '' 
Jeffrey Coors , 44 years old , had been president since 1985 , when he succeeded his father Joseph in the job . 
-- Marvin Alisky . 
In 1980 , 18 % of federal prosecutions concluded at trial ; in 1987 , only 9 % did . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.75 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Take Cleveland . 
It is public relations of the highest sophistication , that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point . 
Lawyers representing DPC declined to elaborate , saying they did n't have a final copy of the filing . 
Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
`` We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here , and it 's something to be concerned about , '' says James A. Gregoire , a managing director . 
The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place . 
`` It just makes it a little rough when you have to worry about the budget . '' 
`` We can expect a hundreds-of-billions-of-yen market . '' 
Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now . 
Despite seeing his plan for Israeli-Palestinian elections wither , the cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation . 
`` Shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said Mr. LaLonde . 
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15 . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift . 
`` It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . '' 
Ekco 's housewares operation makes kitchen tools and gadgets , as well as bakeware , at factories in the U.S. and Canada . 
But along with such treasured artifacts as Lord Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
`` The issues that are ( now ) being raised , in classic anti-intellectual fashion , fly in the face of a number of post-crash studies , '' said Fred Grauer , chairman of Wells Fargo Investment Advisers . 
Ralston Purina will promote its Chex Party Mix 's three new flavor packets named for Charlie Brown , Lucy and Linus . 
Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts . 
Parents , he says , should aim at whatever regular investment sum they can afford . 
`` We hear it has low priority on the House side , '' says Samuel Starr of Coopers & Lybrand , CPAs . 
The bill also imposes the California auto-emissions standards on all cars nationwide , as if a car registered in Big Sky , Montana , needed to be as clean as one driven in Los Angeles . 
Elsewhere , Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery was quoted at 98 18\/32 bid , up 5\/32 from late Monday , to yield about 9.333 % to a 12-year average life assumption . 
Unilab said its wholly owned MetWest Inc. unit paid $ 25 million in cash , provided $ 30 million in notes and $ 30 million in preferred stock to acquire Central 's labs in the Western U.S. . 
Steve Milunovich , a securities analyst at First Boston , said that while investors were looking for an excuse to buy IBM shares a year ago , even the big institutional investors are looking for a reason to avoid the stock these days . 
As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines . 
Its bid : one yen , or less than a U.S. penny . 
We 've heard California 's property-tax-cutting Proposition 13 blamed for a lot over the years , but ABC 's Ted Koppel came up with a new wrinkle in his earthquake coverage last week when he asked Democratic Assemblyman Richard Katz if Prop. 13 had withheld money needed for road maintenance . 
Mr. Karalis , 51 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the 110-lawyer firm . 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
In the four-part offering , the $ 71 million of secured equipment certificates was priced to yield 13.75 % to 15.75 % . 
But a House Energy and Commerce subcommittee will quiz SEC Chairman Breeden Wednesday , and Treasury Secretary Brady will go before the Senate Banking panel Thursday . 
What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . 
The rights plan would be triggered if a person or group acquires 20 % or more of the common shares outstanding without making an offer to all shareholders . 
To reduce the risks while still retaining the legitimate benefits these programs can provide , credit policy must : 1 . Use credit to improve the operation of capital markets , not to provide subsidies . 
El Paso , Austin and Fort Worth , the three strongest retail markets in the nation , are all located in Texas , where employment grew a relatively strong 2 % . 
Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt . 
Mr. Noriega often tells friends that patience is the best weapon against the gringos , who have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation . 
But in the stock and real-estate markets , activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground . 
He evades and ducks . 
The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 , and Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they `` abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government and their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong . '' 
`` You eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . '' 
To help out this week , the White House is dispatching chief of staff John Sununu and three Cabinet members -- HUD 's Jack Kemp , Transportation 's Samuel Skinner and Treasury 's Nicholas Brady , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager . 
Unfortunately , all those estimates came before airline industry fundamentals deteriorated during the past month . 
But his case is notable both for the scale of the fight -- it is n't often that a congressional hearing is held to determine whether one small businessman is a threat to the republic -- and for what it tells about the pitfalls of marketing a new product . 
She said it was too early to say what would happen to its clients , including Reebok and Apple . 
London has concluded that Austrian President Waldheim was n't responsible for the execution of six British commandos in World War II , although he probably was aware of the slayings . 
Her success , which included alleviating an urban food shortage in the early 1980s , helped persuade Hanoi to take the reform path . 
Most studies show that buy-and-hold investors historically have earned an annual return from stocks of 9 % to 10 % , including both dividends and price appreciation . 
To be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
That 's because pollination , while easy in corn because the carrier is wind , is more complex and involves insects as carriers in crops such as cotton . 
Columbia officials also said the thrift should n't face problems meeting regulatory capital requirements , despite the large reserves and write-downs and stiffer regulatory requirements that should be in place by year 's end . 
But Clark flied out to short right field and Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson as 62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one . 
Typical , perhaps , was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. , the General Motors Corp.-Toyota joint-venture auto plant in Fremont , about 35 miles south of Oakland . 
At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business . 
The occasional media witch hunt about some politician 's private peccadilloes notwithstanding , the general inclination is to offer a version of the old refrain , `` Who am I to judge ? '' 
Ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product . 
The Internal Revenue Service said it is willing to let the U.S. Tax Court decide how much oil man William Herbert Hunt will owe the government after his assets are liquidated . 
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses . 
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site . 
When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate . 
`` That 's really where the leverage hurt , '' says Thomas Herzfeld , a Miami-based investment manager who specializes in closed-end funds . 
`` No other { computer } vendor offers graphics performance that good for their price . '' 
U.S. investors will be permitted to buy the shares from EC investors 90 days later . 
The initial fireball was caught by cameras in downtown Houston , about 10 miles away . 
Competitors and analysts say that among large existing properties Bally Manufacturing Corp. 's Bally Grand hotel-casino probably will be hardest hit among major properties . 
Experts on California tort law say protections afforded government agencies in such cases are pretty ironclad . 
That caused a brief period of panic selling of stocks on the Big Board . 
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion . 
`` You 're not going to get your taxi drivers and amahs and all that , '' says Rory Nicholas , a director for securities company Elders Bullion & Futures Ltd . 
And my time has come . 
JAPANESE luxury-car makers are trying to set strict design standards for their dealerships . 
The Counter Spy Shop in Washington , D.C. , for instance , offers the `` Secret Connection '' attache case , which can surreptitiously record conversations for nine hours at a stretch . 
In many scams or alleged scams involving planners , it 's plain that only a modicum of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm 's way . 
One broadcasting executive familiar with the project said the co-venture would target stations affiliated with Fox because Fox has the desirable independent stations in most of the key cities . 
`` The Caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' shrugs Mr. George . 
There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 99 1\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 ; about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 ; about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 97 1\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 ; and about $ 15 million of 6 3\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 . 
When the jolt is timed just right , the subjects do n't recall seeing the first group of letters . 
Since then , Moon 's organization has inaugurated a pair of high-quality glossy opinion magazines , The World and I and Insight , which are a further drain . 
We hear , we may think , inner voices , but they all seem to be saying the same thing . 
She 'll think of an idea the editorial people think is impossible , then she 'll have us make it work . '' 
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . 
At a back-yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . '' 
While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million . 
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point lower , while most junk bonds ended unchanged . 
Traders said that a nearly 40-point gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , fueled in part by news of a lower-than-expected price index , had little influence on the dollar 's moves . 
For the nine months , Mattel net more than doubled to $ 58.9 million , or $ 1.19 a share , from $ 25.4 million , or 53 cents a share , a year ago . 
The notes were priced to yield 8 % and are convertible into the company 's Class B common stock at a price which represents a 15 % premium over the market price on Oct. 10 , 1989 . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
But the bankers got cold feet recently as government officials complained they had been misled about the shipyard 's actual financial condition , and hinted the credit guarantees might be withdrawn . 
`` Public TV is in fantasy land , '' he said . 
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state . 
We think this is a superior deal to McCaw 's . 
The industry used 82.2 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.8 % the previous week and 84 % a year ago . 
It wanted to buy RJR Nabisco Inc. 's French cracker subsidiary , Belin , in hopes of selling its products in tobacco stores , but lost the bidding to food group BSN SA . 
Revenue was about $ 4.5 million . 
Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising . 
A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry 's 10 biggest challenges . 
`` It 's a segmented market , and if you have a good , strong credit , people have an appetite for it , '' he said . 
The approach has generated so much interest that NYU is host to the first conference on cooperative care Nov. 30 . 
For this , a crane needed to be mounted on the Postels ' terrace . 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues . 
-- `` You talk about free time -- .what free time ? 
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
Hong Kong officials announced last week that the base will be relocated to a small island to allow downtown redevelopment . 
Even the biggest auto shows in the U.S. are largely regional affairs , but the Tokyo show is international . 
It was the first time anyone had showed that the loss of both copies of the same gene could lead to the eruption of a cancer . 
The provision rate was far above BankAmerica 's actual net credit losses of $ 24 million in the third quarter , compared with $ 18 million in the second period and $ 38 million a year earlier . 
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers . 
He is n't as well-known to clients as is Mr. Roman . 
Bofors admits payments of $ 41 million to middlemen . 
The National Taxpayers Union would like Congress to add 800,000 acres to the 453,000 of shoreline in the system by enacting `` The Coastal Barrier Improvement Act of 1989 . '' 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Some analysts are concerned , however , that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities . 
Hewlett-Packard also called in its systems experts to restore its own computer operations . 
New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years . '' 
High cash positions help buffer a fund when the market falls . 
Consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the IBM strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products IBM unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter . 
No reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out . 
People who paid a premium for standard CDs purchased on the secondary market could also find that those premiums are n't insured if the institutions that issued the CDs failed . 
But developers of four planned office towers cautioned that obstacles still remain . 
`` One generation ago , Mom joined Dad . 
Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe and that potential buyers from as far away as Japan and Italy have examined the collection . 
Because of a lack of information and access , many investors -- including the very ones whose buying power could restore stability and damp volatility -- are forced to stand on the sidelines when they are most needed , because of their ignorance of important market information . 
The New York Stock Exchange said a seat sold for $ 436,000 , down $ 39,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
As for other export customers , the Soviet Union is n't expected to be back buying U.S. corn in significant amounts until early next year , he said . 
The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy to help preserve the fabled city of canals . 
These benefits seem secure despite China 's current economic and political troubles . 
But some militant SCI TV junk-holders say that 's not enough . 
`` Guys were minting money in there today , '' said John Legittino , a futures broker for Elders Futures Inc. in Chicago . 
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions . 
Two left-wing politicians , Socialist Leonel Brizola , a former governor of Rio de Janeiro state , and Marxist-leaning Luis Inacio da Silva , currently are running neck and neck at about 15 % , and three other candidates are given a chance of reaching the Dec. 17 runoff election between the two biggest vote-getters : Social Democrat Mario Covas and two conservatives , Paulo Salim Maluf , a former governor of the state of Sao Paulo , and Guilherme Afif Domingos . 
Brown & Sons Inc . 
William S. Smith 
He once described himself as a `` Berkeley Hippie , '' and played the role well ; obligatory ragged jeans , a thicket of long hair and rejection of all things conventional , including , for a time at least , formal marriage to his `` sweetheart , '' Martha Matthews . 
Dow Jones industrials 2603.48 , up 6.76 ; transportation 1191.86 , up 1.43 ; utilities 216.74 , up 0.88 . 
The stock , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 51.75 , up 62.5 cents , well below the $ 56.13 to $ 60 a share the insiders received for their shares . 
Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining . 
The order is the biggest in the company 's history . 
In addition , 20 military police from the Presidio , a military base in San Francisco , are assisting with traffic control , and a Navy ship was moved from a naval station at Treasure Island near the Bay Bridge to San Francisco to help fight fires . 
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats . 
Operating profit of $ 37.2 million was unchanged . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market . 
The size of the issue was increased from an originally planned $ 3 billion . 
`` We imagine with bourbon the Wild West , Western motion pictures and gunmen appearing , '' says Kenji Kishimoto , vice president of Suntory International Corp. , a division of Suntory Ltd. , Japan 's largest liquor company . 
Though he himself does n't expect a recession soon , Mr. Wyss advises people who do that `` the best thing to be in is long that is , 20-year to 30-year Treasury bonds . '' 
But an all-out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker seems unlikely . 
To understand what Mr. Engelken means , one must go back to a sunny October afternoon in 1951 at New York 's Polo Grounds stadium , where , it can be argued , the most dramatic moment in baseball history was played out . 
That allowed him to get stronger and stronger , '' he says . 
Where '60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success , it now seems that so many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks , that middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia or outright longing . 
Ms. Malcolm had Mr. Masson describing himself as `` an intellectual gigolo . '' 
`` There was a difference of opinion as to the future direction of the company , '' a spokeswoman said . 
One sign of Mr. Deaver 's renaissance : an appearance on ABC 's `` Nightline '' for a show on pack journalism . 
Its capital will also be raised to 232.4 billion lire ( $ 172.5 million ) from the current 204.3 billion lire . 
He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple `` hits '' on cancer suppressor genes , because it often seems to develop in stages . 
But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks . 
But for others , the pledges echo the promises made after the 1987 stock crash , when similar problems led many markets to develop the new systems that performed so badly last week . 
According to a trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by RJR Holdings Capital Corp. , which are the easiest to sell . 
In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of conspiracy , mail and securities fraud , and obstructing an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Whitbread already has been approached by `` about half a dozen '' companies interested in buying all or part of the spirits business , a spokesman said . 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities . 
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S. 
The agency , which is funded through insurance premiums from employers , insures pension benefits for some 30 million private-sector workers who take part in single-employer pension plans . 
The Treasury is still working out the details with bank trade associations and the other government agencies that have a hand in fighting money laundering . 
In recent months , more than 25 agencies have been robbed , compared with only a handful all last year , according to police and travel-agency groups . 
`` It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them . '' 
`` Only two classes of minds would think of this -- very weak human players , and computers , '' said Edmar Mednis , the expert commentator for the match , which was attended by hundreds of chess fans . 
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier . 
Antwerp auctioneer Campo is less concerned with market niches than with Belgium 's crushing tax and auction-fee burden . 
`` It 's the whole uncertainty about what 's happening around us , '' said Valentin Von Korff , a trader at Credit Suisse First Boston in Frankfurt . 
Overhead costs at some of the largest charities , in millions of dollars 
The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits . 
Eventually , Mr. Green testified , he began ducking out of his office rather than face the judge when he visited . 
Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics . 
In that case , Guber Peters acquired the rights in 1979 , nursed the movie through a dozen scripts , and were on the set in London for 11 months hovering over the most minute changes in casting and production . 
I will hereafter devote myself to serving him . 
`` We believe that the court will find it unlawful , '' said a US Sprint spokesman . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , expanding its presence in the food service market , said it acquired Maryland Club Foods , a coffee supplier , from an investor group led by F. Philip Handy of Winter Park , Fla . 
`` As a result of your ultimatum , '' writes the Wisconsin Democrat , `` I guess there is no longer any point in taking administration views into account on other items in conference , inasmuch regardless of their resolution you apparently intend to veto this bill . 
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , abandoned a policy of flooding the market to punish quota-cheaters . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The Sept. 30 end of the federal fiscal year may have prodded contractors to get any behind-schedule road and bridge construction under way `` before the clock ran out , '' Mr. Christie said , referring to threatened 5 % across-the-board budget cuts . 
As a last recourse , when all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong . 
This is no longer true today . '' 
Big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says Mr. Harty , the Burger King operator in New York . 
Mobil 
And Eugene Glazer , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , said : `` If you hired an attorney to be there all the time and give you a ( prediction ) of the eventual award , I would be willing to bet that he would be off '' by a lot . 
Even in Denenchofu , one of Tokyo 's richest neighborhoods , Mr. Morishita 's splashy brick manor -- one of some 10 houses he owns -- outshines the neighbors ' . 
SHORT INTEREST in International Mobile Machines Corp. fell to 3,102,935 shares in the month ended Oct. 13 from 3,420,936 in September . 
And they threatened to try to amend any other revenue bill in the Senate with the capital-gains provision . 
Bonds : Excludes bond funds . 
The judge wrote again . 
A number of accounts of the events leading to the 190 point drop in New York stock prices on Oct. 13 accused the ministry of pulling the plug on the UAL deal for one reason or another . 
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets . 
According to Institutional Brokers Estimate System , Wall Street market strategists see only a 2.4 % jump in company profits in 1990 -- unlike in 1987 , when profits a year out looked good ( they did soar 36 % in 1988 ) . 
Federal Data Corp. was issued a $ 14.5 million Navy contract for computer systems . 
The FTC first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 1985 . 
The 10.48 % yield represents a spread to the 20-year Treasury of 2.45 percentage points . 
`` Some investors will tiptoe back in , '' says Richard Ross , a market research director for Elrick & Lavidge in Chicago . 
Polls are no substitute for principle , but they 'll do for some politicians . 
Blinder International Enterprises Inc. , the parent of beleaguered penny-stockbroker Blinder , Robinson & Co. , said its shareholders approved a previously announced name change to Intercontinental Enterprises Inc . 
Millicom Inc. , offering of $ 60 million subordinated exchangeable debentures , via Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc . 
Even after-hours drag ; `` karaoke '' bars , where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music , are prohibited by Mexico 's powerful musicians union . 
The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux . 
Vanguard Group said it had a more than $ 50 million net inflow into its stock funds last week . 
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year . 
`` Noriega managed the whole thing . 
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named . 
The Murray Hill , N.J. , company said full-year earnings may be off 33 cents a share because the company removed a catheter from the market . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid-October 's 190-point market plunge . 
Once you 're Miss America , you 're always Miss America . '' 
He added that `` having just one firm do this is n't going to mean a hill of beans . 
They said previous earthquakes suggested that multiple-column viaducts would stand up well , although they were working on ways to bolster them . 
It expects to begin construction by year end and start shipping four-megabit dynamic random-access memory chips by mid-1991 . 
`` I 've never met a ghost that could n't be explained away by perfectly natural means , '' he says . 
He also leads an opulent life style . 
Mr. Ngoc , 57 years old , had solid reformist credentials : He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature . 
Oddly , though , on the very same page you printed a comment that addresses one of the most serious shortcomings of the American education system . 
It also means use of quantity-based pollution limits such as transferable permits , rather than price-based limits such as effluent fees . 
At the bottom of the slump , Schlumberger Inc. was discounting 75 % on an electronic evaluation of a well ; now it discounts about 50 % , drillers say . 
Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
The only U.S. liability in the region is what remains of the link to Mr. Barre , and that should be cut fast . 
People said they did n't think a billion-dollar deal would trade . '' 
But the sponsors have an explanation : `` Through the character associated with a snail , '' they say , `` important values such as harmony with nature and aspirations for the future are sought . '' 
Gillette South Africa employs about 250 people . 
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen . 
National Council on the Handicapped 
Some things ca n't be repaired . 
Experiments showed that the new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity , according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health . 
Although a Finnish group has a minority interest in an already operating Moscow hotel , the Sheraton-Pan Am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the Soviet Union to have as much as 50 % foreign ownership . 
Yesterday 's volume of 117.2 million shares was far below last week 's sizzling average of nearly 177 million . 
The pop sobered up investors who had been getting a little too ebullient , says Mr. Jarrett . 
The association issued an advisory to its 1,685 member agencies following a report from the Foreign Ministry that picture-taking by Japanese tourists in earthquake-stricken areas was causing ill feeling among local residents ... . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
But analysts said the combination of a second consecutive decline in monthly durable-goods orders and lackluster mid-October auto sales helped prop up the Treasury market . 
Up to now , 900 numbers have mainly been used on local TV stations and cable channels . 
It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful , since it helps them strike a friendly posture on behalf of an important constituency . 
On China 's turmoil : `` It is a very unhappy scene , '' he said . 
In Japan , `` software is four to five years behind the U.S. because hardware is four to five years behind , because NEC is enjoying a monopoly , '' complains Kazuhiko Nishi , the president of Ascii Corp. , one of Japan 's leading PC-magazine publishing and software companies . 
Echoing a phrase from Mr. de Klerk , Mr. Sisulu said , `` Let all of us who love this country engage in the task of building a new South Africa . 
Litigation , if not settled out of court , could drag on for years . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.52 % 30 days ; 8.35 % 60 days ; 8.33 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 8 % 180 days . 
Timothy C. Brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this lighting and specialty products concern . 
The tenor of Mr. Stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that British Air will take a more active , high-profile role in pursuing any new bid . 
Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , a 43%-owned U.S. affiliate , filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code . 
J.C. Penney Co. , which relocated from New York to suburban Dallas two years ago , gently wraps itself in Texas pride through a full-page magazine ad : `` Taking the long-range view to conserve what is of value to future generations is part of the Lone Star lifestyle , '' the ad reads . 
Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions , which were sold April 27 to the company 's chairman , Bernard L. Schwartz . 
Butch McCarty , who sells oil-field equipment for Davis Tool Co. , is also busy . 
People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves . 
First Boston Corp. is sole underwriter . 
There is no charge for research -- only for time on the phone . 
The Appellate Division of New York State Supreme Court dismissed six lawsuits attempting to block a $ 2.5 billion project planned for 42nd Street in Manhattan . 
Under the offer , shareholders can purchase one Enfield share at C$ 6.27 for each five shares held . 
Along the way there also are lots of romantic dalliances . 
A case in point : `` government-plus '' bond funds . 
Joseph Grano , president of retail sales and marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market . 
In the San Francisco area , roughly 800,000 barrels a day of crude , about a third of all the refining capacity in California , is processed daily , according to industry data . 
Investors in the over-the-counter market dumped banking and insurance issues , sending the Nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session . 
`` It was an absolutely marvelous line and one I used many times , '' he says . 
( Within her garden , she has decreed a waterfall , a rill , ponds and other costly , trivial waterworks beside the Hudson . ) 
Among stock funds , the conservative growth-and-income portfolios probably will remain popular , fund specialists say . 
`` That 's something they can do very well . 
Separately , a Qintex Entertainment shareholder filed suit in federal court in Los Angeles charging Qintex Australia with misleading shareholders about Qintex Entertainment 's financial position . 
The IRS assessed the clinic $ 350,000 in back payroll taxes . 
Terms were n't disclosed , but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock . 
The committee has two groups of experts it calls on to analyze Eastern 's plans . 
Microlog Corp. , formerly called Old Dominion Systems Inc. , offering of 1.2 million common shares , of which one million will be sold by the company , and the balance by holders , via Hambrecht & Quist and Johnston , Lemon & Co . 
`` We 're making adjustments on the show , yes , but nothing radical , '' said Craig Nelson , the story consultant on `` Teddy Z . '' 
But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates . 
December delivery gold fell $ 1.80 an ounce to $ 370.60 . 
And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors . 
The designer 's attorney , Molly Bartholow , said that Ms. Garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because Jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . 
The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline , and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass . 
The magazine alleged that in making the donations , the pachinko industry may have been offering bribes to win support in the battle against prepaid cards , or it may have been laundering money back and forth between the JSP and the North Korean residents ' organization , the Chosen Soren . 
As thrifts sell assets to improve their capital-to-asset ratio , as required under the new law passed in August , they must also reduce liabilities , such as deposits . 
Many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , inspect , and sanitize billions of eggs , turning them into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products . 
Takeover stock speculators have incurred paper losses of over $ 700 million from the failed UAL offer , their worst loss ever on a single deal . 
Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre ; over 55 wins a 45 % discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa . 
`` This plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . '' 
Not-held orders , which are also known as `` disregard the tape '' orders , are always done at the customer 's risk . 
Ford Motor Credit -- $ 2.57 billion of certificates backed by automobile loans with a coupon rate of 8.70 % , priced at 99 19\/32 to yield 8.903 % through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp . 
Both Ford and its rival General Motors recently set their sights on grabbing significant minority stakes in the British company . 
HOLIDAY PROMOTION : 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. posted a sharp third-quarter turnaround from a year earlier , but net income would have dropped from the second quarter without a $ 37 million after-tax gain . 
Third-quarter loan originations dropped sharply to $ 663 million from $ 1 billion a year ago . 
Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. is redemption agent . 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
This film did emphasize how long the Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done . 
Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole . 
In August , a conservative weekly magazine reported that a pachinko industry organization donated money to Japan Socialist Party members . 
JAPAN 'S MISUSE of U.S. patents has been a sore point for American chip makers . 
The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said . 
-- Bern Sharfman . 
Soviet firms that hold some are unwilling to part with it , and joint ventures are n't yet allowed to participate . 
The New York court also upheld a state law , passed in 1986 , extending for one year the statute of limitations on filing DES lawsuits . 
The purchase includes a coffee-roasting plant in Omaha , Neb. , and a leased facility in Houston . 
Mr. Bockris previously reported getting bursts of excess heat and of detecting increasing amounts of tritium forming in the heavy water . 
At stake was an $ 80,000 settlement involving who should pay what share of cleanup costs at the site of a former gas station , where underground fuel tanks had leaked and contaminated the soil . 
The airline was the most active FT-SE 100 at 8.2 million shares traded . 
Other firms `` are dealing with the masses . 
Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling and several were able to post gains , including Chevron , which rose 5\/8 to 66 3\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares . 
Mr. Bickwit said the paper had been donated to `` a charitable organization that sells it for recycling . 
The so-called poison pill took effect Aug. 9 pending ratification by holders . 
The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico . 
9:38 a.m . 
Thus , analysts say , the trust is unlikely to do anything that would hurt Manville 's other shareholders . 
Of the 450 survey respondents , 35 % said they expect to spend less buying Christmas gifts this year than last year , while 28 % said they expect to spend more and 37 % said their gift budget would stay the same . 
Terms for the venture , which would be jointly owned by both companies , were n't disclosed . 
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote . 
The 1988 period was restated from net income of $ 8 million to correct an overstatement in the company 's Boston Co. subsidiary . 
Sales for the company , based in Abbott Park , Ill. , rose 8.3 % to $ 1.31 billion from $ 1.21 billion . 
Personal spending , buoyed by a burst of automobile buying , was the main catalyst to the economy 's expansion . 
Some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market . 
But the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale . 
The House 's bill would prohibit dual trading in markets with daily average volume of 7,000 contracts or more , comprising those considered too difficult to track without a sophisticated computer system . 
In addition , the effective interest rate on the $ 410 million of total remaining bank debt after the restructuring is 10.66 % . 
Merger and acquisition activity in the third quarter exceeded the year-earlier pace , said Merrill Lynch & Co. 's W.T. Grimm & Co. unit in Schaumburg , Ill . 
Mr. Boren himself did n't discover the warn-your-enemy nuance until Mr. Bush told him privately at the White House last week . 
A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers and create severe hardships for urban workers . 
`` It depends on what happens . 
Delmed also would receive the North American rights to certain Fresenius AG products . 
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources . 
That 's the view of some analysts here who argue that Britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two U.S. auto giants battling for it . 
Trading volume on the New York Stock Exchange dwindled to only 126.6 million shares yesterday as major brokerage firms continued to throw in the towel on program trading . 
Since the cost of transporting gas is so important to producers ' ability to sell it , it helps to have input and access to transportation companies . '' 
This is a condensed version of an essay that will appear in the January issue of the Naval Institute Proceedings . 
Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market . 
Traders said the stock market 's lurching moves have prompted many investors to head for the sidelines until it regains some semblance of stability . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
Mr. Carpenter this month sold off Kidder 's eight brokerage offices in Florida and Puerto Rico to Merrill Lynch & Co. , refueling speculation that Kidder is getting out of the brokerage business entirely . 
Efforts by the Hong Kong Futures Exchange to introduce a new interest-rate futures contract continue to hit snags , despite the support the proposed instrument enjoys in the colony 's financial community . 
He argued that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors . 
Mark , an oil and gas concern , said the 15-year debentures are convertible before maturity at C$ 12.50 for each Mark common share , and can be redeemed at the company 's option , under certain conditions , after Nov. 30 , 1992 . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
Some analysts remain bullish . 
`` We will support it , we will thank him , and we will augment it where appropriate , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Some Mobil executives were dismayed that a reference to the cutbacks was included in the earnings report before workers were notified . 
Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie-Mellon University economist , noted that the Fed 's record included the longest , most sustained , peacetime inflation in our history , dating from either 1966 or 1967 to 1989 . 
Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected . 
Mr. Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market . 
Will the investments pay off ? 
Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up . 
He notes that most of the net sales drop stemmed from a three-day period following the Friday the 13th plunge . 
Within three weeks of the 1975 end to fixed rates there were all-out price wars among brokers fighting for institutional business , with rate slashes of 35 % to 60 % below pre-May 1 levels . 
z - Not available . 
Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects . 
Many economists think the rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress in trade , because it makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper . 
But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen . 
He reckons the current account deficit will narrow to only # 1.8 billion in September . 
The legislation also requires broad new disclosures of the race , sex and income level of borrowers , but that information wo n't be gathered in new studies for several months at least . 
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 1.67 billion from $ 1.36 billion . 
Once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get . 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
The Treasury said a surge in tax receipts noted earlier in the year did n't turn out to be quite as strong as it first appeared . 
These people used to be called brokers , but apparently this word either is not grandiose enough or carries too many negative connotations from the aforementioned technical correction , when terrified customers could n't raise brokers on the phone . 
\*\* Year ago figure is restated . 
As president , Mr. Lung , 42 years old , succeeds his father , Mervin D. Lung , 66 , who founded the company in 1959 . 
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
Friday 's volume totaled 158.2 million shares ; the daily average for the week was a bustling 176.7 million . 
Says Michael Hirsch , chief investment officer of Republic National Bank and manager of the FundTrust Group in New York : `` It 's a time bomb just waiting to go off . 
David Hubel , a Nobel laureate at Harvard , has taken the lead in defending research with animals , as has Dr. Michael DeBakey . 
No personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls . 
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
He would n't specify what it was . 
The new proposal , which would transfer majority ownership of United Air 's parent to employees and leave some stock in public hands , would be valued at $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or as much as $ 5.42 billion . 
USX gained 1\/2 to 33 3\/8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % . 
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition . 
HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate . 
British , West German , Scandinavian and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the San Francisco earthquake disaster . 
These groups constitute up to 10 % of its work force . 
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest-rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third-quarter results . 
He 'll be there wherever there 's money to be made , laughs Mr. Kori , the secretary . 
AEG is 80 % owned by Daimler-Benz AG , the country 's biggest industrial concern . 
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . 
In addition , local banks say the new contract is important in helping them offset their Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
On July 2 , 1987 , the tanker S.S. Glacier Bay struck a rock and spilled almost 150,000 gallons of oil into the Cook Inlet . 
Unfortunately , the comment was buried in another article , so it could not stand out in an education context . 
The loss is a setback to IBM , which pointed to the Kodak contract as an example of its success in systems integration . 
In the new guidelines , the Justice Department says that in attempting to freeze disputed assets before trial , `` the government will not seek to disrupt the normal , legitimate business activities of the defendant '' and `` will not seek ... to take from third parties assets legitimately transferred to them . '' 
When the action requires , a prison cell , consisting of an enlarged wire cage , rolls forward on iron wheels on the platform . 
Devastation from Hurricane Hugo , which slammed into the Southeast coast in late September , diminished personal income by about $ 4 billion , the department said , but it called the effect on the roughly $ 5 trillion economy `` negligible . '' 
Bowing to a mounting public outcry , three more major securities firms -- Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Oppenheimer & Co. -- announced Friday they would suspend stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts . 
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time . 
`` She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , '' says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA . 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp . 
`` On the way home , '' his notes recall , `` it took concentrated effort to keep that car pointed south . 
A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere . 
Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London . 
The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights , while the Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes to Europe and North America . 
If positioned over the brain 's motor-control area , the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles , making , say , a finger twitch . 
Ms. Rose is best on the early years and World War II . 
Butane and propane can be used as coolants , for example , but are flammable . 
The main components of the various asseet categories : Housing : Primary home , but not the land it 's on . 
`` This is serious business ; we 're serious about a capital-gains reduction , '' said Kansas Sen. Robert Dole , the Senate 's Republican leader . 
Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
Mr. Keteyian had to do most of his own digging on University of Nebraska football , which is , to date , high and dry as far as the NCAA is concerned . 
Both Coors and Stroh have recently been ceding market share to Miller and Anheuser . 
Billings were n't disclosed ... . 
Short interest in Nasdaq over-the-counter stocks rose 6 % as of mid-October , its biggest jump since 6.3 % last April . 
The U.S. unit also firmed against other currencies on the back of sterling 's tumble , as market participants switched out of pounds . 
Gary Straub , corporate counsel for the company , said the directors sold for `` personal financial reasons . '' 
As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 from 7.51 % and wo n't rise any further in the future . 
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry-government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace . 
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact . 
Several projects , he said , are still on the drawing board . 
So the U.S. found itself paying about $ 2 billion in baksheesh to various Arab potentates for basing rights around the Indian Ocean . 
The June killings magnified the problems . 
The defense also learned that college-educated people were uncharacteristically conservative about the Vietnam War . 
In Australia , land of the outback , a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather . 
Mr. Tannenbaum is a reporter in the Journal 's New York bureau . 
He bases the estimate on a survey of hundreds of Digital 's largest customers . 
Daimler-Benz Chairman Edzard Reuter told Milan 's financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore that talks are taking place between both companies ' aerospace units . 
Also announcing his resignation Thursday was Alan Walters , Mrs. Thatcher 's economic adviser and Mr. Lawson 's nemesis . 
Other details were n't available . 
Pitney Bowes Inc. directors authorized the company to seek buyers for its Wheeler Group Inc. subsidiary , a direct mail marketer of office supplies . 
Pressed on the matter , he is more specific . 
The price level in the U.S. is now about 4 1\/4 times as high as it was 30 years ago . 
The appointment of Peat Marwick , which has a unit that specializes in advising troubled companies , came about as a result of a round of meetings held by Qintex Australia Chairman Christopher Skase with bank creditors . 
The trust , created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares . 
Japanese managers ca n't expect Americans to behave as if they were Japanese ; instead , they must manage Americans as Americans . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
Net loss : $ 46.5 million ; 30 cents a share 
At one point , the Dow Jones Industrial average fell about 80 points on news that UAL Corp. decided to remain independent . 
Field offices at New Orleans ; Houston ; Denver ; Midland , Tex. ; Bakersfield , Calif. ; Oklahoma City ; and Liberal , Kan. , will be maintained . 
No major booms , no major setbacks , '' he predicts . 
The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant . 
The comic strip `` has a magical , everlasting quality about it . 
He and his family kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs . 
But the Americans are also to blame . 
As a critique of middle-class mores , the story is heavy-handed . 
Appointed editor in chief in July 1987 , Mr. Ngoc rapidly turned the staid Van Nghe into Vietnam 's hottest paper . 
Rep. Robert K. Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) Washington 
Mr. Smale said the appointment `` recognizes the growing influence of government on our business . '' 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Edelman said from Sept. 29 to Oct. 13 , he acquired 309,500 shares of Intelogic common shares for $ 2.25 to $ 2.375 each . 
Excluding that bottling business , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' volume , measured by cases of soda , rose only 1 % . 
Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
Also , at any of Sotheby 's auctions of old masters , roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered does n't sell at any price . 
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents . 
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks . 
The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service . 
Together , the two stocks wreaked havoc among takeover stock traders , and caused a 7.3 % drop in the Dow Jones Transportation Average , second in size only to the stock-market crash of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
That is at the high end of the range of 7,000 to 8,000 employees that Unisys said a month ago would be laid off . 
Analysts say the handful of hospital companies that are still publicly traded are benefiting from several trends . 
Moreover , there are questions , particularly among atmospheric scientists who know this subject best , about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer . 
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated , secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa . 
`` I 've done what I came to do '' at Kidder , he says . 
The battle focuses on the state 's certificate-of-need law , which regulates investment in new medical technology . 
If the pound falls closer to 2.80 marks , the Bank of England may raise Britain 's base lending rate by one percentage point to 16 % , says Mr. Rendell . 
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings . 
The union called the strike in April after Pittston refused to sign the UMW 's national labor pact . 
`` As a general rule , prior-review programs have not made case-by-case assessments of the comparative costs of alternative treatments or sites of care . '' 
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . 
If you think you have stress-related problems on the job , there 's good news and bad news . 
Some 60 % of the survey respondents said they would buy anti-lock brakes even if they carry a medium or high price tag . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were up 3\/8 yesterday in a down market , closing at 10 3\/8 . 
London shares also rose , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , ended higher . 
And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the 
Net for the quarter was $ 62.8 million , or 73 cents a share , down from $ 64.9 million , or 72 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others . 
Yesterday 's rise in Nekoosa 's share price came on volume of 786,700 shares , four times the daily average . 
Analysts said that 6.3 % level marked the poorest showing for any major British rights issue since the 1987 global stock market crash . 
Another murderer on death row has appealed Mr. Simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity . 
At a recent trade show , convention-goers lined up to view a new Specialized bike frame that weighs just 2.7 pounds -- a pound less than the lightest mountain-bike frame on the market . 
The rewriting was launched at a meeting between Mr. Bush and intelligence committee leaders Oct. 12 , a few days before the meeting at which the president complained about the rules . 
`` Bargain hunters believe that silver offers the best value amongst precious metals , '' says Frederick R. Demler , analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Cross & Trecker Corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its Wiedemann division to recently created Murata Wiedemann Inc. , a U.S. affiliate of Murata Machinery Ltd. of Kyoto , Japan . 
Meanwhile , Toshiba 's Japanese rivals , Hitachi , Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp. , are n't sitting still . 
Ralph T. Linsley , vice chairman of Eagle , will become vice chairman of Webster\/Eagle . 
The result : Chrysler dealers had a bloated 82-day supply of the Cherokee as of the end of last month and a 161-day supply of the Comanche pickup , which Toledo also builds . 
The ANC leaders speak in tones of moderation , emphasizing discipline , hoping the government will be encouraged to take further steps , such as freeing Nelson Mandela , the most prominent ANC figure , and unbanning the organization . 
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . '' 
The broadcasting unit reported operating profit of $ 134.9 million , up 18 % from the year-earlier $ 114.3 million . 
The company said earnings for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , are expected to be 25 to 35 cents a share , compared with a previous estimate of 50 to 60 cents a share . 
Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm . 
The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 . 
John C. Burton , an accounting professor at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business , said `` there 's a lot of emotion involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in England , where accounting predates the U.S. . '' 
In late trading on London 's Stock Exchange Friday , TVS shares rose four pence to 195 pence a share . 
Real estate industry executives said Sears ' investment banker , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , sought financing in Japan . 
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity . 
If a deal can be made to cut the world 's Ortegas loose from Moscow , why not ? 
`` It was great to have the luxury of time , '' Mr. Rawls said . 
The venture , which involves adding sophisticated equipment to make cast-iron mill rolls , is part of a two-pronged effort to shore up a division that has posted continuing operating losses for several years . 
In the so-called two-stroke engines , which are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage , each piston goes up and down only once to provide power . 
`` Next year , earnings will hold steady , but we just do n't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising . '' 
Call option beginning March 31 , 1992 , if the price of the stock rises more than 50 % within 30 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons . 
`` The environment is a lot more trading-oriented , '' said Gary Rosenbach , manager of equity trading at the OTC stock firm Needham & Co. in New York . 
Analysts estimated that sales at U.S. stores declined in the quarter , too . 
Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American and National baseball league championships and the World Series . 
Not a gripping question , unless you 're the pastry chef of this city 's Chez Panisse restaurant and you 've just lost your priceless personal dessert notebook . 
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies . 
Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards . 
Despite the excesses , however , the scorecard for the production has many more pluses than minuses . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume . 
The union also ceded the 2 % commission it had received on all Pemex maintenance contracts . 
Carried even further , some investors assumed that since leveraged buy-outs are the only thing propping up stock prices , the market would collapse if no more LBOs could be done . 
Tom Schlesinger , market analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock . 
In the House-passed tax bill , Mr. Thevenot got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision . 
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive . 
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc . 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees . 
The final proration factor will be announced Monday . 
The newspaper also ran a series of controversial short stories by Nguyen Huy Thiep , a former history teacher , who stirred debate over his interpretation of Vietnamese culture and took a thinly veiled swipe at writers who had blocked his entry into their official association . 
`` I believe that any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law , '' Judge Mayer says , adding that `` it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers ( who argue before the court ) to make us understand ( complex patent litigation ) . '' 
Its 6,500 workers , who had battled Tiger 's management for years over givebacks , were union members until the day of the merger , when most of their unions were automatically decertified . 
Revenue increased more than 5 % to $ 283.2 million from $ 268.6 million . 
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
`` I 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says Mr. Anderson . 
Thus , rather than seeing the excess returns to the pro-selected portfolio as being abnormal , I see those returns as simply compensations for taking on added risk . 
Finally , he got help . 
And not just for the players . 
On U.S.-Japan relations : `` I 'm encouraged . 
At the moment , some offer as much as 1.6 to 1.8 percentage points over Treasury securities of similar maturities . 
Ira , himself , confirms this account . 
A banking department spokesman added : `` Commissioner Brown does n't feel that money alone is the issue here . '' 
AN AIDS DIRECTORY from the American Foundation for AIDS Research rates and reviews educational materials . 
At the time , the Fed said the denial , the first ever on such grounds , signaled the agency 's new emphasis on the Community Reinvestment Act . 
Some fruit visionaries say the Fuji could someday tumble the Red Delicious from the top of America 's apple heap . 
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense . 
The government is funding several projects to push PC use . 
If all of this seems a little stale , it 's redeemed in part by some tricky plot twists : 
Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of the natural-gas pipeline and marketing concern , said the company 's future growth is `` increasingly linked '' to decisions made by Calgary-based gas producers . 
`` This is the first time , if we decide to do so , for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries , '' the spokesman said . 
Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts . 
On the one hand , Mr. Giuliani wants to cut into Mr. Dinkins 's credibility . 
Admirers of Mr. Glass may agree with the critic Richard Kostelanetz 's sense that the 1974 `` Music in Twelve Parts '' is as encyclopedic and weighty as `` The Well-Tempered Clavier . '' 
As a money manager and a grass-roots environmentalist , I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper . 
This time , the scandal centers on donations made by the not-quite-mainstream pachinko parlor industry . 
Analysts noted that the disappointing results do n't reflect lower prices for steel products . 
$ 1,048,500,000 . 
Many of the buildings , mostly condominiums and apartments , were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines . 
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products . 
Last month , in his boldest move yet , Mr. Andersson and Trelleborg joined forces with Canada 's Noranda Inc. in a joint $ 2 billion hostile takeover of another big Canadian mining concern , Falconbridge Ltd . 
The canceled Shanghai loan leaves Asia Development , a small concern , saddled with a half-completed 32-story apartment building and heavy debts . 
Lazard and other primary underwriters have reduced or eliminated their exposure by sub-underwriting the issue among U.K. institutional investors . 
A spokesman for Dean Witter , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , declined to comment . 
It was the first day of trading following the suspension of Navigation Mixte shares last Monday , when Paribas announced its plan to pay 1,850 francs for each Navigation Mixte share . 
$ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group . 
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period . 
All estimates exclude highway repair , which could exceed $ 1 billion . 
Unfilled orders for durable goods rose 0.4 % in September , to $ 476.14 billion , after declining for the first time in 2 1\/2 years in August . 
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case . 
DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . 
It said its real-estate operations earned a record $ 21.7 million , more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $ 9 million . 
The rate on six-month bills rose to 7.53 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.92 % . 
In Washington and on Wall Street . 
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . '' 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.43 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.42 percentage points . 
Sutro 's Oakland office executed orders through the Sacramento office , which was n't affected by the quake . 
Mr. Johnson said the first-quarter loss also heavily reflected a rapid change in graphics technology that left reseller channels with too many of the old computer graphics boards and too few new monitors compatible with the new graphics boards . 
Sales rose nearly 2 % to $ 8.13 billion from $ 7.98 billion . 
The gene thus can prevent a plant from fertilizing itself . 
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year . 
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds . 
The board will be made up of seven directors of each holding company . 
`` This is an impressive show of faith in the future of the magazine industry , '' said Mr. Kummerfeld . 
`` We 're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans , and only a small number can be accommodated . '' 
The monthly `` trade deficit '' figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade : manufactured goods and raw materials . 
`` I do n't think it provides much new information on the economy , '' said Richard Rippe , economist at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Though Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market . 
It 's already that in the Bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue . 
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer . 
Mr. Allen began it with a warning to his hosts , a California church group that opposes rights for homosexuals . 
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July . 
At least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. , Canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator . 
`` In every case , people would like to see a consentual plan , '' he said . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
The bonds , insured and rated triple-a by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7.25 % in 2016 . 
Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets . 
Erbamont advanced 1 1\/8 to 36 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares . 
Charitable groups are trying to reinstate the write-off for contributions made by individuals who do n't itemize their deductions . 
Many brokerage house officials also are optimistic . 
The California pension fund 's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual . 
The small changes in averages reflect generally unchanged yields at many major banks . 
Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo , chief of parent Texas Air . 
The UAW also charged that the state applied its own standards for determining pay in a discriminatory manner . 
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares 
The Treasury expressed pleasure , however , with the government of Taiwan , which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year 's report . 
Enserch had offered one-half a share of its common and $ 1 in cash for each unit . 
Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. , based in Palo Alto , says one of its buildings sustained severe damage when it was knocked off its foundation . 
The Labor Department reported that consumer prices rose just 0.2 % last month , slightly lower than some economists had expected . 
For most investors `` the benefits just are n't worth the risks , '' says Barbara Roper , who follows financial-planning issues for the Consumer Federation of America , a consumer-advocacy organization based in Washington . 
Yet some funds have pulled in their horns . 
`` But I think the Soviet peoples are more introverted than the Chinese . '' 
Coors is hoping to become one of the first companies to distribute bottled water nationwide . 
`` How can it make available funds for purchases ? '' 
Paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its `` Le Petit Bang '' plan . 
CONGRESSIONAL LEADERS BACKED Bush 's criticism of Nicaragua 's Ortega . 
For now , both companies are keeping quiet about their specific plans . 
Operating profit dropped 35 % , however , to # 3.8 million . 
But many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become tipsters for the IRS , says Jerry Lackey , who manages the IRS project 's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando . 
Some analysts say this may give it the right to seize the ship if the situation warrants it . 
`` The trappings of success go a long way -- wearing the right clothes , doing the right things , '' says Paul Andreassen , an associate professor of psychology at Harvard . 
Budget is set at $ 1.5 million . 
Mr. Bush returned to Washington Saturday night . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid and $ 475,000 offered . 
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue . 
The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19 . 
Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The `` markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before . '' 
Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % . 
Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion . 
One of the plan 's authors has defended the `` socioeconomic disadvantage '' category as perhaps making more sense than the current affirmative-action preferences based on race . 
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational . 
So much , too , for the notion that we humans triumphed in the Darwinian struggle by evolving big brains . 
A Seagram spokesman in New York would n't comment . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % . 
The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated . 
Mr. Paul thus developed a close , symbiotic relationship with Sotheby 's . 
Conservatives have an important decision to make this fall . 
Only 42 GOP members opposed the president 's veto , a marginal increase over the vote two weeks ago and just 12 more than the 30 who supported the rape-and-incest exemption last year . 
When the bikes first entered mass production in 1981 , they were dismissed as a fad . 
Of 1,224 companies surveyed , 31 % expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery , while only 28 % plan to spend more . 
When they return to their desks at 1 p.m. , they have pedaled 20 miles . 
One longtime champion of these programs in Congress , Republican whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia , is distracted by questions about his ethics , conservatives note . 
As usual , the over-the-counter market 's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit . 
Under new rules , many of the country 's pubs would become `` free houses , '' selling beers of their choice . 
But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge : They motivate sales people with commissions . 
Both men are 44 years old . 
Nissan 's pace of new-model hits will slow , he adds , just as arch-rival Toyota unleashes its own batch of new cars . 
First , he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry , the legendary coach who took the Cowboys to five Super Bowls and 20 consecutive winning seasons . 
That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates . 
And we meet engaging crooks , such as Hassan `` the Head , '' famed for his head-butting fights , his whoring and his hashish . 
The Pentagon claims that in spite of Moscow 's words , East bloc weapons continue to flow into Nicaragua through Cuba at near-record levels . 
Projecting the latter over several decades , I find my cash buildup is impressive -- but can any high interest rate prevail for that long ? 
Now bond investors are looking toward next week 's report from national purchasing managers and the government 's October employment report as potentially prompting the Fed to lower rates . 
`` The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , '' said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market . 
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding . 
So this year , the airlines are getting a jump on holiday discounts . 
Vail , Colo. , now has a playland that looks like an old mining town ; kids can ski through and pan for fool 's gold . 
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates . 
PRISON-SHOP BLUES : 
`` One reason they use Newport Beach is that it sounds swankier than most addresses , '' says David Katz , a U.S. attorney who , until recently , headed a multi-agency Southern California fraud task force . 
In addition , OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted . 
He said Wang had reached an agreement with a `` major financial firm '' to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary . 
The 1988 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 35 million . 
`` We are the Golden State , '' Mr. Fazio said , `` and there is a certain amount of jealousy . '' 
Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information and electronics segment , the Dynapert electrical assembly business and Mallory Capacitors . 
He said , `` Possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the ( quarterly ) refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury . 
Shares of Varian , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 22.75 , down 62.5 cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
So what 's a parent to do ? 
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise . 
I 'm not referring to the traditional champagne drenching during the back-on-terra-firma toast . 
The outlook on both federal bills is uncertain , especially remembering the 1987 defeat . 
And some even do it with malice aforethought . 
Or was it because Ms. Collins had gone ? 
He is currently experiencing what it 's like to have the phrase , `` under investigation for scientific fraud , '' also attached to his name . 
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down . 
Few would have foreseen such a furor when , a decade ago , some Marin County bicycle enthusiasts created a hybrid bike using fat tires , lightweight metallurgy and multi-gear technology . 
The other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares , representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings , according to SEC filings . 
Air-traffic problems , though often quite grim , This time of year leave us in stitches , When we notice around our airport A holding pattern for witches . 
The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement . 
Citicorp yesterday reported a 9 % third-quarter earnings drop , which analysts called a bit disappointing , while Manufacturers Hanover Corp. posted a $ 789 million loss for the quarter after adding $ 950 million to its reserve for loans to less-developed countries . 
The `` seismic '' activity of a financial market bears a resemblance to the seismic activity of the earth . 
`` The more variables that indicate risk , the more the investor is going to drive a hard bargain . '' 
The challengers will have a big price advantage . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , Southern Co. rose 50 cents a share to $ 27.125 . 
Higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 20 million charge related to a 10 % reduction in Amoco 's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
Quake Not Likely to Jolt The Commercial Market 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December . 
Some analysts say Noranda would prefer to break up Falconbridge , and that the Swedes -- relatively inexperienced in international mining operations -- could have problems holding their own with a much bigger partner like Noranda operating on its home turf . 
He figures the episode will help `` clarify any ambiguities '' between the committee and administration . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The issue is far-reaching . 
On Oct. 3 , following conversations with Secretary of State James Baker , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze arrived in Managua to acclaim `` Nicaragua 's great peace efforts . '' 
In the fiscal first period ended Aug. 31 , profit fell 54 % to $ 30.4 million , or 58 cents a share , mostly because of the Tiger merger , Federal says . 
Stores in the company 's core middle-class market will get more frozen and quick-to-prepare foods and a greater selection of bottled water . 
He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System . 
Bush has three vacancies to fill on the prestigious D.C. Circuit Court , which handles many important regulatory issues and is often considered a warm-up for future Supreme Court nominees . 
And what they have shown is n't impressive . 
But Mr. Dinkins has stumbled in the past two weeks over his campaign 's payments to a black activist who is a convicted kidnapper , and over his handling of a stock sale to his son . 
`` The industry is based on individual honesty , '' says Cap Hershey , a Lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought Spendthrift . 
ABC 's baseball experience may be of interest to CBS Inc. , which next season takes over the broadcasting of all baseball playoffs in a four-year television contract priced at $ 1.06 billion . 
All are non-Russian republics along the southern border of the Soviet Union , and all but Kirgizia have reported rioting in the past six months . 
The debentures are available through Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
`` All you have to do is eat a big pizza , and then go to bed , '' he says . 
While utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs , these savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts . 
U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million , to $ 9.49 billion , and its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million , to $ 8.79 billion . 
Also excluded will be investments in companies with `` significant '' business stemming from weapons manufacture , alcoholic beverages or tobacco . 
`` I think everyone 's a little more leery , '' says Jack Baker , head of equity trading at Shearon Lehman Hutton Inc . 
They believe the media , including `` Batibot , '' have played a crucial role . 
Goodson will pay the additional $ 20 million in settlement of the management contract . 
John Padovan , 51 years old , was named a deputy chairman . 
Futures trading resumed a half-hour later , but the session ended shortly thereafter , leaving the stock market set up for more sell programs , traders said . 
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . '' 
Most analysts had expected a sharper decline after the steep rise in August . 
The nation 's No. 2 aluminum company said earnings were hurt by lower prices for certain fabricated aluminum products , which typically follow price fluctuations of primary ingots . 
Jocelyn Tomkin Astronomy Department University of 
Nearly half of them argue that Hong Kong 's uneasy relationship with China will constrain -- though not inhibit -- long-term economic growth . 
`` It is n't just yuppie television , '' argues Jack Clifford , director of the department 's office of microelectronics and instrumentation . 
`` These errata do not affect business programs , '' he said . 
Judges Oakes and Leval understand the requirements of historical scholarship . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , continued to retreat in the wake of New York developer Donald Trump 's decision to withdraw his $ 120-a-share takeover bid . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
Increased patrolling of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such `` hot spots '' of pedestrian density . 
We think revenue will continue to grow and that we can control costs and thus improve profitability . '' 
`` Every broker has blocks of every size and maturity . '' 
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
With its recently revised guidelines for RICO , Justice makes it clear that the law currently holds too many incentives for abuse by prosecutors . 
The surplus was two billion rand in the second quarter and 2.7 billion rand in the first quarter . 
Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions . 
`` The consumer has to throw out the idea that the auction house is a disinterested middleman , '' says New York art dealer David Tunick . 
This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens , and naturally rescissions are almost never approved . 
Mattel Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 73 % , to $ 38 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 21.9 million , or 45 cents a share , a year ago . 
If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says . 
But his chance to become deputy mayor under Mayor Abraham Beame , a plan boosted by Mr. Sutton , was squandered because of Mr. Dinkins 's failure -- still largely unexplained -- to file income tax returns for four years running . 
The EC Commission decided that such an accord does n't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law . 
At about 10:10 a.m. EDT , the market abruptly turned upward on stock-index arbitrage buy programs . 
Broward County School District , Fla. -- $ 185 million of school district general obligation bonds , Series 1989 , due 1991-1999 and 2008 , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.20 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2008 . 
So a stock with a beta of 0.5 is half as volatile , one at 1.5 is 50 % more volatile , and so on . 
Following that announcement Tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate . 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
Any hiring is confined to retail sales . 
For the private domestic business economy , the bias was a bit over 0.5 percentage point . 
`` We think these trends will continue and will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well , '' he said . 
`` The stock was going no place and the earnings were so-so , '' said one . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 3.40 to $ 372.50 an ounce in heavy trading . 
And the world could experience its first psyllium shortage . 
DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . 
But despite the flurry of interest in those shares , dealers said , the market remains nervous about Wall Street 's volatility and high U.K. interest rates . 
The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent for the sale . 
The main obstacle is finding a way to pay for them . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Northrop shares closed at $ 21.125 , off 25 cents . 
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions . 
There is no small irony in the fact that some of the most-jingoistic advertising comes courtesy of -- you guessed it -- outsiders . 
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 . 
Prosecutors wanted $ 23.8 million in forfeiture for alleged tax fraud of some $ 400,000 . 
After the study , the SEC would be willing to consider adding new circuit breakers or fine-tuning the current ones , he added . 
The U.S. economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter , the same pace as the second quarter , despite the worst trade performance in six years , the Commerce Department reported . 
But investors looking for alternatives are n't finding it easy . 
K mart Corp. agreed to acquire Pace Membership Warehouse Inc. for $ 23 a share , or $ 322 million , in a move to expand its presence in the rapidly growing warehouse-club business . 
CHICAGO - 
Young consumers prefer luxury cars by a 37 % to 28 % margin -- even though older buyers , because of their incomes , are more likely to actually purchase a luxury car . 
Mr. Harris had been vice president for the newspaper 's advertising in New York . 
Chase and Citicorp 's Citibank are involved in the UAL buy-out financing . 
At such prices , according to Mr. Savaiko , bargain hunting and short-covering -- buying back of contracts previously sold -- by speculators is n't uncommon . 
There is , after all , big money in environmentalism . 
Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold . 
It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker `` participation '' in major corporate decisions . 
The company said net rose to 38 cents a share in its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , from 35 cents a shares a year ago . 
The action came after the Senate approved the House-passed measure . 
`` Our fear was people would look just at the beta { of a gold fund } and say here is an investment with very low risk , '' says John Markese , director of research for the Chicago-based group . 
While that could make it vulnerable to a veto by Mr. Bush , Democrats argue that a presidential rejection would give their party a valuable issue in next year 's congressional elections . 
Besides new styling , the new Nissans have more powerful engines and more sophisticated suspension systems . 
But Congress still could resolve the issue with other legislation this year or next , Starr adds . 
Total sales gained 20 % to 122.36 billion yen from 102.01 billion yen . 
`` The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said . 
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere . 
`` I think employers are really going to be the ones to push for major change , '' says Sharon Canner , a health expert at NAM . 
Wells Rich first popularized the Benson & Hedges brand more than 20 years ago with ads portraying , among other things , an elevator door closing on a passenger 's cigarette . 
In addition to not needing an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips . 
On the other hand , high-priced shares such as Pioneer Electronic and Sony failed to spark investor interest because these issues are unlikely to be bought by investment trust funds , observers said . 
Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured . 
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded . 
Among the new issues was Massachusetts 's $ 230 million of general obligation bonds . 
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf . 
Christopher Whittington , 51-year-old deputy chairman of this British investment-banking group and chairman of Morgan Grenfell & Co. , the group 's main banking unit , has retired from his executive duties . 
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers . 
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and most senators contend that the Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets . 
An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million . 
Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place . 
Although the rate briefly drifted even lower following the stock market sell-off that occurred Oct. 13 , it ended Friday at about 8 11\/16 % . 
Her Susie Diamond handles a song the way the greats do , like she 's hearing the way it should sound inside her head and she 's concentrating on matching that internal tone . 
The company said its Union Pacific Railroad had a 3 % profit increase , despite a 14 % rise in fuel costs and a 4 % drop in car loadings . 
Unlike the week following Black Monday two years ago , individual traders in the S&P 500 pit were also being uncharacteristically circumspect about their one-day profits . 
Crane holds 504,200 Milton Roy shares , including 254,200 bought from Sept. 14 to Thursday for $ 15.50 to $ 16.75 each . 
He says he sold the stock to avoid conflict-of-interest problems in his role as a voting member of the city 's Board of Estimate . 
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says . 
Growth of 10 % would make sales for the latest quarter $ 269 million , compared with $ 244.6 million a year ago . 
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention . 
The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF , Mr. Sherwin and GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman in limbo . 
`` Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone . 
And many have done just that . 
The number one proposal for reducing crime in the New York survey was to put more police on foot or scooter patrol , suggested by more than two-thirds of the respondents . 
Oil has long been Mr. Corry 's pet . 
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods . 
Mitsui expects the antibiotic products to be exported to Southeast Asia and Africa . 
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express . 
The 40-year-old Buddy L concern , based in New York , designs and develops toys under the names `` Buddy L '' and `` My First Buddy , '' he said . 
Democrats argued that the training wage was a way of allowing employers to pay less than the minimum wage , while new workers need far less than six months to be trained for their jobs . 
A Frankfurt exchange official , acknowledging the brokers ' anxieties , says the market still feels it `` functioned OK during this crash . '' 
As Japanese auto makers gained market share , the Big Three , with GM in the lead , slashed North American production and launched a retail discounting blitz . 
What seemed like a good idea , to cast the Bridges brothers ( Jeff and Beau ) as the Baker brothers , actually turned out to be a good idea . 
Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties . 
Also , he said , the partnership is waiting to see whether the appellate division 's ruling will be appealed . 
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming . 
That 's worse than the price drop sustained by the bonds in its portfolio , whose total return ( bond-price changes plus interest ) has amounted to a negative 6.08 % . 
Profits realized from these trades would then be shared by the conspiring brokers . 
Mr. Dorfman provides confirming evidence of this phenomenon when he reports that your staff of dart throwers would have accumulated only $ 112,383 by randomly selecting four new stocks to be held in a portfolio each month . 
It 's no secret that Block dominates the mass-market tax-preparation business . 
Many of the funds that did best in the last week are heavily invested overseas , giving them the benefit of foreign currency translations when the dollar is weak . 
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds moved inversely to the stock market as investors sought safety amid growing evidence the economy is weakening . 
Joe Frank Sanderson Jr. was elected president and chief executive officer of this poultry producer . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 . 
Nancy Igdaloff , who works in corporate payments at Bank of America in San Francisco , may be a good prospect for such a gizmo . 
He says he has quit the business and is back in school , majoring in psychology with aspirations to go into industrial psychology . ) 
James Gatward , TVS 's chief executive , said in a statement that he will `` assume overall responsibility '' for MTM 's operations until a successor is named . 
But today , the company needs its entrepreneurial spirit more than ever . 
Paribas says it will offer 1,850 francs ( $ 296.95 ) each for Navigation Mixte shares that enjoy full dividend rights , and 1,800 francs each for a block of shares issued July 1 , which will receive only partial dividends this year . 
`` If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , '' said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament and one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. , Canada and Australia . 
Morrison said the engineering and construction segment performed well , with the mining and MK-Ferguson operations making important contributions . 
`` In our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . '' 
As the gain from the sales indicates , operating profit was `` significantly '' below the year-earlier level , Mr. Cawthorn said . 
Or is it that Mr. Z. is getting a little tired of `` Traviata '' ? 
EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the U.S. plan `` calls into question '' the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking `` substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection . '' 
Given California 's size and political importance , the White House is eager to appear generous . 
The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing ( a la John Tower ) . 
Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; Pinnacle West told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report it may consider filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to MeraBank . 
That acquisition could further dilute earnings per share this year , the company spokeswoman said . 
`` We 've run out of places to build freeways in L.A. , and the only place to go is up , '' Mr. O'Connell said , although he acknowledges there are many obstacles , including cost . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
But this is not the entire Afghan army , and it is no longer Kabul 's only military force . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. , fretting about increasing competitive pressure on Ryder , placed about $ 2.8 billion in company securities under review for possible downgrade . 
General Mills , meanwhile , finds itself constrained from boosting sales further because its plants are operating at capacity . 
Success is expected to gain at least because of the recent folding of rival Venture , another magazine for growing companies . 
Overall , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 74.4 million , or $ 1.73 a share , for the three months ended Oct. 1 compared with a loss of $ 41.4 million , or 98 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million . 
In another report yesterday , the Commerce Department said sales of new single-family houses plunged 14 % in September to an annual rate of 618,000 from 719,000 in August . 
Amoco also sharply boosted natural-gas output , part of it from properties acquired from Tenneco Inc. last year . 
As a result , Mr. Owen warned , investment will be more likely to flow toward the other European economies and `` the U.K. will be less prepared for the single market . '' 
Sales increased a more modest 4.8 % in the South and 4.4 % in the Midwest . 
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent . 
And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion , with total indifference to common sense and public safety . 
You 'll see carriers try to recoup some of the price cutting that occurred previously . '' 
PENALTY OVERHAUL is still likely , congressional sources say . 
MCA Inc. said its toy-making unit agreed to buy Buddy L Corp. , producer of a line of toy vehicles and preschool products . 
He says the contract will be considered a success if it starts trading 500 to 1,000 lots a day . 
Four years ago , she was managing a film-processing shop and was totally bored . 
Surely not to people with epilepsy who depend on the same levels of medication in their bloodstream daily to maintain seizure control . 
The OAS , which tries to promote peace and economic development within the Americas , is attempting to find a settlement of the current Panama political crisis . 
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion . 
Only it is safer , and busier . 
To promote Jack Daniel 's overseas , Brown-Forman uses the same photos of front porches from Lynchburg , Va. , and avuncular old men in overalls and hightops . 
In another development yesterday , creditors were told that $ 40 million they had expected to become available for implementing a reorganization may not materialize , according to one source . 
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , Data Systems Computer Centre Inc. , Springfield , New Jersey . 
`` On occasion , he paid a high price , '' Mr. Wachter concedes , but he says those who bid less and dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors . 
First City , which recently purchased three small Texas banking concerns , said it would use the proceeds to pursue additional expansion opportunities in the Southwest and elsewhere . 
Time Warner Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 176 million , or $ 2.88 cents a share , reflecting acquisition costs for a 59.3 % stake in Warner Communications Inc. and the purchase method of accounting for the transaction . 
`` The big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics , '' he said . 
Conner Peripherals was unchanged at 15 . 
`` It 's the overload problem and the weight problem we have . '' 
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn . 
`` The division will be sold off quite rapidly , '' predicted Neill Junor , an analyst at London brokers County NatWest WoodMac . 
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave . 
Foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has preoccupied the market since Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged more than 190 points . 
When the Supreme Soviet passed laws on workers ' rights in May 1987 and on self-managing cooperatives a year later , some Western observers assumed Mikhail Gorbachev had launched the Soviet Union on a course that would lead inevitably to the creation of a market economy . 
Anthony Wang , president , attributed the drop to the disruption of the company 's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring Cullinet . 
Analysts and competitors said the move reflects a growing need by the stores to expand their customer base beyond the traditional blue-collar worker who pops into a convenience store for a sandwich , cigarettes , soda or beer . 
The Philadelphia Fed says it is merely an `` agent '' for coins , responsible only for storage and distribution . 
He said shipments are continuing at a `` healthy '' pace and the company has no excess inventory . 
He is also trying to get more stations in Mexico , where the Cowboys have a following , to pick up the games . 
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues . 
Mr. Nadeau said he could n't yet say if the sale prices would match book values . 
Ad Notes ... . 
A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland . 
The family license plate reads `` ENG 23 , '' the first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number . 
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association . 
Those chains include Bloomingdale 's , which Campeau recently said it will sell . 
The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture . 
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros . `` Road Runner '' cartoons . 
Some Democrats thought they might have compromised too much . 
He could acquire a staff of loyal Pinkerton 's employees , many of whom had spent their entire careers with the firm , he could eliminate a competitor and he could get the name recognition he 'd wanted . 
Union Pacific Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million debt securities and warrants . 
GTE Corp. and MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter . 
That 's not fair ; they 're not all fat . 
Miss DeLay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital . 
The 30-year issue was priced at a spread of 105 basis points above the Treasury 's 30-year bellwether bond . 
Others question the impact on Chivas 's upscale image of a promotion that has customers soaking off labels . 
Sir Richard succeeds John Plastow , who resigned in July . 
Mr. Lloyd said if Qintex had defaulted it could have been required to repay $ 92 million in debt under its loan agreements . 
OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output . 
CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Cablevision System Corp . 
When he died in 1959 , Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book , `` The Poodle Springs Story , '' which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque . 
Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business . 
But it said that was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-1990s . 
In developing that theme at Interpublic Group of Cos . ' Lintas : New York unit , account supervisor Lisa Buksbaum says she made a `` couple of phone calls '' to Dallas ad friends and reported her `` findings '' to a team of writers . 
Corn futures prices rose slightly while wheat prices settled mixed . 
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area . 
Mr. Allen , appointed by President Reagan , grew understandably tired of dealing with the guerrilla tactics of his enemies . 
Some analysts said they believed Mr. Trump , whose towering ego had been viewed by some as a reason to believe he would n't back out , might come back with a lower bid . 
Sales increased 36 % to $ 683 million from $ 502 million . 
`` That suggests there is a little more inventory overhang than some people expected , '' said Edward Boss , senior financial economist at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
First City , which issues both MasterCard and Visa cards , has agreed to act as an agent bank . 
A reintegrated Europe implies big changes in 40-year-old military and economic policies . 
It may also lead to new safeguards in major construction projects such as double-deck highways . 
William O'Neill , research director for Elders Futures Inc. in New York , said for a rally to occur , there must be demand from the Far East . 
Monday , October 30 , 1989 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Perhaps Mr. Kleiber could let him substitute one of the songs about dead children and dark nights from Mahler 's `` Kindertotenlieder . '' 
Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
It 's a matter of being close to those suppliers ; many of those companies do n't know us as well as they should . '' 
Chandler might have been predicting the course of his own career . 
`` The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , '' said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp . 
They wonder whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis , and they wonder who will be advising him . 
Next 's decision to rely on the more-established hard drive in every Next computer does n't signal a retreat from optical storage , said Mr. Jobs , who for years has said this technology will play a crucial role in the next decade . 
The size of the company 's board has been reduced to eight directors from 13 . 
In the end , Teddy returns alone to America , leaving Ruth in Max 's chair . 
Bonn and Washington are leading supporters of Poland 's request for a $ 1 billion stand-by credit from the International Monetary Fund . 
It will go for work ranging from refinery modification to changes in the distribution system , including the way service stations pump fuel into cars . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes in an effort to end apartheid . 
The owner of the company , Stephen Smith , who has since pleaded guilty to state and federal fraud charges , confided to investors that he had a secret agreement with Amoco Oil Co. and said the location of his wells was confidential , according to a civil suit filed in a Florida state court by the Florida comptroller 's office . 
-- Least-cost solutions . 
The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of `` service fees , '' which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets . 
Production of cars rose to 801,835 units in September , a 5.5 % increase from a year earlier . 
Revenue rose to $ 372.1 million from $ 336.4 million . 
An acquisition accounted for half the sales rise , TRW said . 
Thus at the recent governors ' conference on education , Gov. Bill Clinton of Arkansas announced that `` this country needs a comprehensive child-development policy for children under five . '' 
The company plans to expand plant capacity 50 % by 1991 . 
Carnival said the `` Fantasy , '' the first of the three $ 200 million ships that Carnival has on order , is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
That 's because top-yielding funds currently offer yields almost 1 1\/2 percentage points above the average CD yield . 
A court in Jerusalem sentenced a Palestinian to 16 life terms for forcing a bus off a cliff July 6 , killing 16 people , Israeli radio reported . 
Bids totaling $ 415 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 7.986 % . 
Hence the LBO craze . 
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail . 
But with some clients , the talk can heat up a bit . 
Thus , the mere existence of a market-stabilizing agency helps to avoid panic in emergencies . 
`` We call them fraud farms . '' 
It is estimated that the Patterson group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
Though Spain has an excess of banks , analysts say the country still has one of the most profitable markets in Europe , which will aid Banco Exterior with the tough tasks it faces ahead . 
The suit , which seeks compensatory and punitive damages of $ 1 million , alleges that the firing of Marcia Trees Levine violated New York state 's human-rights law . 
The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB . 
One of the group 's first projects is a `` procrastination hot line '' that students could call when they have an urge to delay studying . 
The first signs of trouble came last month when the Hong Kong carrier , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year . 
The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . 
McCaw was unchanged at 40 . 
And she further stunned her listeners by revealing her secret garden design method : Commissioning a friend to spend `` five or six thousand dollars ... on books that I ultimately cut up . '' 
Stock-market investments also help balance the other assets an individual owns , says John Blankenship Jr. , president of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
This business trust company said its board elected Kieran E. Burke , a consultant to Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. , as chief executive officer , a new post , and as president . 
Much of Columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
It implies very dramatic growth , '' he said . 
As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 . 
Because the show has acquired a sense of place by being filmed on location in Georgia , this episode -- in which Althea gets raped by an arrogant white schoolteacher -- does a decent job of tracing the social repercussions of the crime . 
Most of the land in that and other parts of the Delta are now owned by second , third or fourth generations of the same families . 
Wells Fargo 's return on equity increased to 24.4 % from 23.8 % . 
In its annual economic report for 1989-1990 , the commission also projected 1990 gross domestic product growth for the 12 EC members at 3 % . 
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit . 
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages . 
At least some economists , of course , would argue that inflation deserves a lot of emphasis . 
The suit seeks unspecified damages . 
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
Dow Jones shares also fell 50 cents to close at $ 36.125 in Big Board composite trading . 
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . 
September program trading amounted to 13.8 % of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988 . 
When Walter Yetnikoff , the president of Sony Corp. 's CBS Records , last month told producer Peter Guber that Sony was about to make a $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia Pictures and needed someone to run the studio , Mr. Guber jumped at the chance . 
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked . 
`` Disclosures are very poor in India . '' 
The company has stated in recently filed financial documents that it anticipates refinancing its March 1990 payments . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) . 
`` At some point , we 're going to need an infusion of funds , '' a person close to the trust says . 
`` We have no in-office business . '' 
The environmental services company said that the discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results . 
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market . 
The business includes Beefeater gin . 
Ms. Conlin adds : `` At some point we 'd have to ask , ` How do we know that in three years you wo n't be in Chapter 11 ? ' '' 
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation . 
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects . 
Security consultant Dennis Dalton of Ventura , Calif. , thinks mergers often trigger longer lunch hours and increased absenteeism , conduct which can sap the bottom line more than thefts . 
Now Pinkerton 's could become entangled in a protracted legal fracas with its former parent . 
Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests , generic drugs and veterinary products . 
Mr. Malpass directs the Republican staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress . 
Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others . 
If the three companies pool their air-freight businesses , their clout would be considerable . 
Mr. Pound responded , `` It 's a deal . '' 
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . 
WORLD ODDITIES come alive in a multimedia version of the Guinness Book of Records . 
The best baseball teams win six of 10 games and the worst win four of 10 . 
So , following both the style he pursued as President Ford 's national security adviser and the recommendations of the Tower Commission , Gen. Scowcroft has pruned the NSC staff and tried to ensure that it sticks to its assigned tasks -- namely , gathering the views of the State Department , Pentagon and intelligence community ; serving as an honest broker in distilling that information for the president and then making sure presidential decisions are carried out . 
The division of auto maker Ford Motor Co. made its debut in the asset-backed securities market with the second-largest issue in the market 's four-year history . 
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says . 
But in the end , it must be rejected for logical as well as moral reasons . 
`` Investors should stay with their stocks . 
He added , though , that `` a lot of this is intentions ... . 
Mitsubishi is also pushing ahead with a controversial plan to redevelop Marunouchi into a business center of high-tech buildings , a project budgeted for 30 years and six trillion yen . 
Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies . 
The bill 's managers face criticism , too , for the unusual number of conditions openly imposed on where funds will be spent . 
Mr. Baldwin likes the offering . 
At the GM stall , they barely looked at a gleaming Cadillac , preferring to talk about cooperation possibilities . 
The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air . 
On the mound , former Red Sox great Luis Tiant , the wily master of 1,001 moves , throws an off-speed strike . 
Elsewhere in the Commerce Department , nearly $ 191.2 million is preserved for assistance programs under the Economic Development Administration . 
Most importantly , the Senate traded away the Bush administration 's controversial plan to finance the bailout , which was partly reinstated later . 
11:59 p.m . 
In 1987 , an average 19.7 % of Big Board volume was retail business , with the monthly level never more than 21.4 % . 
`` They figure it 's not a very good advert . '' 
He said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in January in New Orleans , the Japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing . 
Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period . 
The British balance-of-payments statistics show that after the top tax rate was cut to 40 % , the flow abroad of British capital slowed , to 50 billion pounds ( $ 79 billion at the current rate ) in 1988 from 93 billion pounds in 1986 . 
It was offered as an expression of cooperation to Mr. Gonzalez , who is investigating the $ 2.5 billion failure of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association . 
Bank of Montreal said it added 850 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 725.8 million ) to its reserves against losses on Third World loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to C$ 1 billion . 
It 's wildly overwritten . 
During the past 15 years , the report showed , housing prices increased nearly fivefold . 
Economists in Moscow are now proposing that the state start a system of unemployment benefits . 
One rare example of a time-limited poison pill is the shareholder rights plan adopted by Pennzoil last year after it received a huge litigation settlement from Texaco . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Siemens is West Germany 's largest electronics group . 
But `` Friday did n't help things , '' says Mr. Schaefer . 
Mr. Wohlstetter , for example , said he wrote to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. about program trading after the 190-point Dow plunge , and as in previous queries , `` what I get back is gobbledygook . '' 
`` We call this land of ours Great Britain , and there may be those who believe this a somewhat immodest practice . 
Mourning for the father is overshadowed by the shame of burying him in a pauper 's grave . 
`` I was always going to do it tomorrow , '' he explained at the time . 
B.A.T Industries PLC may delay aspects of its defensive restructuring plan -- including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units -- in the wake of the current upheaval in financial markets , company officials said . 
Mr. Secord 's performance was decidedly less inspiring . 
CMS ENERGY Corp. said management would recommend to its board today that its common stock dividend be reinstated at a `` modest level '' later this year . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Frederick H. Hallett Vice President Industry and Government Relations White Consolidated Industries Inc . Washington 
Mr. West cites the Federal Communications Commission and its standards for telecommunications equipment : `` They monitor product quality and prevent junk from flooding the market . '' 
Mr. Goldston , who had been president of Faberge Inc. 's Faberge U.S.A. division before joining Reebok in September 1988 , left in August to pursue other interests . 
His group , like others , wants minimum standards applied to all who call themselves financial planners . 
Ironically , American Airlines ' attempt to lead industry prices higher was reported in the same issue as your survey showing that consumers had the least confidence in the airline industry ( Sept. 20 ) . 
But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband . 
Security at a typical Haagen inner-city center is impressive , but unobtrusive . 
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 . 
Operating profit rose 5.3 % to 279.75 billion yen from 265.79 billion yen . 
Twice in two weeks the unraveling of the on-again , off-again UAL buy-out slammed the stock market . 
Still , Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture . 
But they attribute much of the weakness to customer inventory reductions . 
He should consider his victory a mandate to continue his growth-oriented economic reforms and not a demand that he move further left . 
Only the bravest spirits survive such roller coasters . 
Analyst estimate the value of the BellSouth proposal at about $ 115 to $ 125 a share . 
But the device obscures more than it illuminates . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Libya 's previous conditions are no longer considered a problem , although the United Arab Emirates is still an issue . 
The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers and lakes , limiting damage from industrial accidents and improving the handling of harmful chemicals . 
In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees . 
( IBM won the case . ) 
For instance , the insured municipal bonds that dominate the older couple 's portfolio were probably selected in large part for their low repayment risk . 
But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability . 
Larry Drury , attorney for the plaintiffs , valued the settlement at between $ 6 million and $ 8 million . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 or less at major banks was 7.96 % in the week ended Tuesday , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service . 
Amoco 's refining and marketing profit in the quarter fell to $ 134 million from $ 319 million . 
The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer . 
Canadian Pacific Ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. it does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share , or about $ 81.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year . 
Eugene A. Miller , 52 years old , was elected a director of this electric utility company , filling a vacancy . 
Corporate managers who want to start their own business are the highest failure risks . 
Paul Tanner was named president , chief executive officer and chairman of this oil and natural gas company . 
The federal government is n't even attempting yet to estimate how much the earthquake will cost it . 
The French state-controlled auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s . 
Stocks : Volume 126,630,000 shares . 
Maybe Americans are just so annoyed with government that they are n't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while . 
He would n't leave until Mr. Cheney promised to do whatever the Pentagon systems analysts told him . 
Some of the recent selling could actually be considered a positive sign . 
Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel . 
Still , stock-index funds are expected to continue launching big programs through the market . 
But those issues recovered quickly and turned higher because of expectations that the quake and the recent Hurricane Hugo would set the stage for an increase in premium rates . 
`` It 's like kicking the tires of a car ... . 
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , who shepherded `` Flashdance '' through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie , bristle when Messrs. Guber and Peters take credit for the film . 
The drug seems to suppress ovulation for three to seven months after it is taken . 
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character . '' 
`` If this had happened a few months ago when the atmosphere was still very positive it would n't have been greeted with anything like the impact it has had over the past two weeks , '' says Dennis Jarrett , a market strategist at Kidder Peabody . 
`` This , '' says Ms. Peterson , `` is what it 's all about . '' 
However , the Treasury said it will postpone the auction unless it has assurances of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auction date . 
For the most part , major corporations ' headquarters and plants were unaffected or only slightly damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
The sporty coupe foundered in part because American buyers did n't go for the car 's unusual double-wing rear spoiler . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % . 
McCaw , the largest provider of cellular telephone service in the U.S. , already owns about 9.4 % of LIN 's stock . 
But Eagle said the financing was insufficient and sales during the past fiscal year sagged . 
There have been a dizzying parade of studies of the firm 's operations . 
Officials for Sun Valley , Calif.-based Verit could n't be reached for comment . 
That conference , which began yesterday , was expected to cover such matters as police training and extradition agreements , Spanish officials said . 
`` It follows the same pattern as his tax returns . 
ABBIE : `` I 'm OK , Jack . 
The move largely consigns them to roads used by motorized vehicles . 
The prospectus did n't include many details about the studio and theme park , although conceptual drawings , released this month , show that it may feature several `` themed '' areas similar to those found at parks built by Walt Disney Co . 
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
But he refused , claiming that he wanted to see what happened Monday morning before making any public statement . 
Although he does n't expect any bankruptcies , he does see more plants being sold or closed . 
But under new terms of the agreement , announced Friday , LIN holders would receive a special cash dividend of $ 42 a share , representing a payout of about $ 2.23 billion , shortly before the proposed merger . 
Your hypothetical investor is simply being compensated for taking on this added risk . 
( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) 
Stop Order : Stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level . 
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week , but received little support from the White House budget office , which wants to protect space-station funding in the bill and has tended to turn its eyes from pork-barrel amendments . 
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways . 
Despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants , the company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina . 
It would be attractive to an agency such as Interpublic , one of the few big agency groups without an affiliated public relations firm of its own . 
But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year . 
Trial and Terror 
Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work , but when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials `` did n't laugh at me or anything . 
Also , James Needham , an SEC commissioner , in April 1972 had warned that the industry might face a `` federal agency writing accounting rules '' if they rejected the FASB idea . 
We 're sure some theologian can explain the difference between what the Republican consultants have been doing with HUD and what these gentleladies and gentlemen want to do with HUD . 
Wall Street Journal reporters called companies with headquarters or facilities in the Bay area in a bid to assess the damage to their operations caused by Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million . 
Now that Vietnam appears to have pulled out its occupation army , the State Department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh . 
Another possibility is for the pilots ' to team up with an outside investor who might try to force the ouster of the board through the solicitation of consents . 
The catalog retailer reported net income of $ 10.8 million , or 21 cents a share , up sharply from $ 6.6 million , or 13 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.37 billion from $ 1.22 billion . 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
`` Productivity in Japanese offices is relatively low . '' 
Tele-Communications controls close to 12 million cable subscribers , and Viacom has about one million . 
N. Joseph Potts 
Senator Coats 's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts . 
He did n't stop until he got to Jackson Hole , Wyo . 
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions . 
Wednesday , Nov. 1 , 9-10:30 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Thomas Hart Benton . '' 
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse . 
Analysts say the company also could easily issue new convertible bonds or warrants . 
The share buy-back plan is likely to underpin B.A.T 's share price . 
It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged ( and then cleared ) on allegations of public drunkenness . 
Traders attribute the mark 's surge to a robust West German economy and higher rate differentials . 
Now , stock prices seem to be in a general retreat . 
Paribas shares closed down 30 francs at 610 francs , and Navigation Mixte shares were suspended at 1,800 francs pending the outcome of the bid . 
IRS Commissioner Fred T. Goldberg said the changes are intended to bring `` accountability '' to the agency , which has an annual budget of more than $ 5 billion and collects about $ 1 trillion a year . 
But Sony is a problem . '' 
Traders said major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading . 
For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy `` Kind Hearts and Coronets , '' in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives ( all played by Alec Guinness ) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title . 
`` Read my lips , '' said Mr. Smith . 
`` The main problem , '' Mr. Reinhold said in an East German radio interview monitored by Radio Free Europe in Munich , stems from the fact that `` the GDR is different '' from other East European states . 
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million . 
The Chinese leader , Mr. Lee informed Mr. Bush , expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China 's officials bore some responsibility . 
One provision last night would have raised the cap on disaster loans to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 per household to accommodate San Francisco losses . 
He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics . 
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds . 
In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency . 
The broker , Thomas Beairsto of Merrill Lynch 's Morristown , N.J. , office , refuses to discuss the matter with a reporter , referring inquiries to Merrill Lynch officials in New York . 
As that system grows , larger computers may be needed . 
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work . 
Ogilvy eliminated the mail room staff , closed the executive dining room and , after the takeover , let go half a dozen financial executives . 
Obviously , it 's harder to establish a sense of place in a one-shot TV movie . 
Third-quarter earnings at both companies were below analysts ' forecasts . 
There were rumors of $ 148-a-share trades . 
B.A.T yesterday started its share buy-back . 
By this time last year , he noted , arrivals totaling 33,270 tons had been announced . 
She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront , blotting out the city 's great natural water features , the harbor and the river . 
The fledgling science went corporate in 1977 when International Business Machines Corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case . 
Each legislator , after all , is only one out of 535 when it comes to national policy making . 
Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure . 
So most bills are passed without full discussion ; particularly difficult bills are passed in the absence of the opposition parties . 
Other furriers have also benefited from leathers . 
Running for President in 1980 and 1988 , George Bush also persuasively diagnosed the economic stagnation of the 1970s . 
`` In the next few weeks , I will be consulting with my political advisers and with the Democratic leaders about the best way of preserving the interests of my constituents , '' said Mr. Garcia , 56 years old . 
The SEC 's Mr. Breeden said the after-hours trading on the Midwest exchange would help the U.S. win back business that has moved overseas to conduct after-hours trades . 
Since then , Nissan also has launched new versions of the $ 13,249 240SX sporty coupe and 300ZX sports car . 
NEC wo n't release its code , and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other . 
Resolution Funding Corp. plans to sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday in the agency 's first sale of securities . 
Mr. Bush said that he initiated talks with the Soviets on the informal meeting by sending a proposal to Mr. Gorbachev last July , which the Soviet leader readily accepted . 
The B\/T gene rearrangement test is more accurate than existing tests for diagnosing the type of cancer , whether it has spread or whether there is a recurrence following treatment , said Oncor President Stephen Turner . 
In a civil suit commenced in state Supreme Court in New York , the agency alleged that the consumer-electronics and appliance discount-retailing chain engaged in deceptive advertising by claiming to have `` lowered every price on every item '' as part of an advertising campaign that began June 1 . 
Not that getting into town was easy . 
Third-quarter revenue rose to $ 4.9 billion from $ 4.7 billion . 
A leading U.S. human-rights monitor also was briefly held . 
Previously , airlines were limiting the programs because they were becoming too expensive . 
MGM Grand Inc. , proposed offering of six million shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch . 
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Shearson , which in September was the 11th-biggest program trader on the Big Board , had already suspended stock-index arbitrage for its own account . 
`` The best thing you can do is get off the screen , '' says Mr. Buchwald . 
It expects to be fully operational by next week . 
The association attributed the drop to a trend among auto makers to move manufacturing operations overseas . 
`` You see some improvement in these other areas , but it 's a very small and slow process . '' 
And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers . 
Dealers said the initial pressure came from mildly disappointing U.K. trade figures for September and a worrisome report by the Confederation of British Industry that a decline in orders for manufactured goods is depressing both business optimism and investment plans for the coming year . 
At least three other factors have encouraged the IMF to insist on increased capital . 
However , company officials said they plan to take `` no initiatives '' to resurrect the transaction , and `` are n't aware '' of any restructured bid in the making . 
What happens if the sponsors do n't have the cash to pay the tuitions ? 
Meanwhile , some legal observers say the Tele-Communications investment and other developments are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents . 
`` There were some business deals that went bad , '' Mr. Jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . '' 
East Germany 's leadership vowed swift action to ease travel to the West . 
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says . 
Southern New England Telecommunications , which bolstered its marketing efforts for telephone and non-telephone subsidiaries , reported that net increased 8.1 % . 
It will feature a cost-containment provision designed to keep expanded benefits from fueling higher care prices . 
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country . 
`` I wanted to be in business . '' 
In the process , Litigation Sciences is quietly but inexorably reshaping the world of law . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers about their buying habits . 
The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this Dec. 1 and expire Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
He has also agreed to become president of a new subsidiary to be formed to make future acquisitions , the company said . 
Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant . 
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short-term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities . 
Also approved was a plan to trade stock portfolios by computer after regular hours on the Midwest Stock Exchange . 
`` Go run the university . '' 
But unless they continued to grow , TW , based in Paramus , N.J. , would have run into trouble . 
`` Look a customer right in the eye and say , ` I 'm glad to be at Wang . 
And in some months , he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all . 
But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks . 
Westamerica has about $ 1.3 billion of assets and is the largest independent bank in northern California . 
But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded . 
Ms. Raptopoulos thought yesterday 's price action reflected weakness in the stock market and the dollar . 
At the trade show , Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel developed jointly by Specialized and Du Pont Co . 
But reform has n't taken hold yet . 
By Wednesday , the outstanding October contracts amounted to 8,524 , representing about $ 1.13 billion in stock , noted Donald Selkin , head of stock-index futures research at Prudential-Bache Securities , who expects a volatile expiration today . 
Together , they control nearly 40 % of Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. ; Tele-Communications has a 21.8 % stake , while Time Warner has a 17.8 % stake . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
First , by making management focus on short-term results , they inhibit building for the future -- just the opposite of Japan . 
We are confronted less with a judicial power grab than with a legislative giveaway . 
`` With a hurricane you know it 's coming . 
However , most universities that have bought the machines say they are buying small numbers for evaluation purposes . 
Armco shares closed unchanged at $ 10.625 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
P&G , in fact , is noted for gaining market leadership by introducing products that offer a technical edge over the competition . 
The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons , explosives and other war-like materiel . 
The two met more than 30 years ago , when Mr. Simmons worked for Commercial Bank & Trust Co. of Midland , Texas , where Mr. Bush was an organizing director . 
In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless . 
He is also accused of lying under oath and of leaking information obtained from a wiretap he supervised . 
Strong investor demand prompted the utility to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
As if this were n't enough , the Senate Judiciary Committee is getting into the act . 
She held her fire with her first production at the Trinity earlier this season . 
The new rules will allow investors to buy foreign stocks directly . 
The lowly agent , Abel Lamb , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio . 
Mitsubishi Trust & Banking Corp . ( Japan ) -- 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with a fixed 0.75 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
HLR : 
That , says Warner 's Mr. Rabinowitz , is `` a total 100 % lie . '' 
Sotheby 's Inc. 's gamble in the art-dealing business appears to have paid off . 
The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G-2 back on the U.S. payroll . 
Charles Daggs , chairman and chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there . 
McCaw , which dropped 2 1\/2 to 37 3\/4 , has offered $ 125 a share for a majority of LIN 's shares . 
Completion of the sale is expected early next year , Falcon said . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 28 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 27 . 
For Cathay Pacific Airways , the smooth ride may be ending . 
Daewoo Motor , a 50-50 joint venture with General Motors Corp. and the Daewoo Group conglomerate , is the only auto maker that appears to be hurting . 
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges . 
The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % . 
( Federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation , to a maximum of $ 100,000 . ) 
The place costs nearly $ 2 million a year to maintain . 
Mr. Bergsma said Akzo is likely to see strong profit growth from coatings as it realizes cost savings and other benefits from its greater scale . 
Stung by higher marketing costs and slowing volume growth , the giant Coke bottling operation said net fell to $ 12.7 million , or six cents a share , from $ 39.9 million , or 26 cents a share , the year earlier . 
The news sent Winnebago stock falling 62.5 cents , to $ 5.25 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading - a 52-week low . 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. signed a contract with Bob Vila , the former host of the popular public television program `` This Old House , '' to star in a half-hour home improvement show sponsored by the giant retailer . 
Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast . 
In late May , Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC , launched a $ 50-a-share , or $ 777 million , tender offer for the Hamilton , Bermuda-based Sea Containers . 
Time Warner Inc. and Sony Corp. may be today 's public enemies , but the two entertainment giants could end up becoming partners in a number of ventures as part of a settlement of their acrimonious legal dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
The forces at work included computer-guided trading , as well as profit-driven market makers and institutional investors who had bought stock on the cheap during the recent correction . 
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here . 
A customs official said the arrests followed a `` Snake Day '' at Utrecht University in the Netherlands , an event used by some collectors as an opportunity to obtain rare snakes . 
GM , meanwhile , is hosting a delegation of members of the British Parliament who are touring the auto maker 's headquarter operations in Detroit . 
`` That seems to be what all my friends are using to take the grandkids to the lake , '' she says . 
Dentsu Inc. , the world 's largest advertising agency on the strength of its dominance in the Japanese market , is setting its sights on overseas expansion . 
What 's next ? 
A grand jury has been investigating whether officials at Southern Co. conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message . 
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring . 
No ? 
`` I think that you will see a significant improvement in the budget formulation and execution process which , in turn , I believe will result in a significant increase in revenue , '' he said . 
Other losing issues included Showa Shell , which fell 40 to 1,520 . 
The cheapest , among 100 cities surveyed , was $ 5.11 in El Paso , Texas . 
Under current rules , investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds issued by local and foreign investment trusts . 
They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either . 
Ford managed to show a profit for the quarter primarily because of earnings from overseas auto operations and financial services . 
All the concerns are based in Toronto . 
Still , analysts believe that profit margins in the potato business will be down again this year . 
But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants have many choices and are negotiating low rents that squeeze building owners . 
Robert Delaney , a consultant at Arthur D. Little Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , said `` We 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions . 
With the advantage of playing white ( which moves first ) , Mr. Kasparov followed up cleverly against the computer 's defense , a Queen 's Gambit Accepted . 
The state quit shoving peasants onto its subsidized farms over 30 years ago . 
Stockholders may buy one share at the subscription price for every four shares of stock they own . 
Pinpoint Information Corp. , Chantilly , Va. , a producer of $ 1,800-a-year personalized newsletters about the computer industry that started full operation last month , relies on 12 human readers to code news releases by topic in order to select items for each subscriber . 
Mr. Noriega had learned that a local union leader was sleeping with the wife of his deputy . 
Analysts agree there is little holding sterling firm at the moment other than Mr. Lawson 's promise that rates will be pushed higher if necessary . 
Strong investor demand prompted it to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
Then he canceled production of the Navy 's most important carrier aircraft , the F-14 and the A-6 . 
The real culprits , they said , are computer makers such as IBM that have jumped the gun to unveil 486-based products . 
The dollar gained against most foreign currencies . 
`` Either he was n't being real in the past , or he is n't being real right now , '' says a 30-year-old East German doctor . 
The CBS official said that price sounded fine . 
The Editor 
The failure in Oakland of the freeway segment known as the Cypress structure was the deadliest aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 250 initially feared . 
Investors lack equal access to the markets ' trading arena and its information . 
The idea is to lock in profits from short-term swings in volatile markets . 
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue . 
One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a `` work in progress , '' such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is `` aware '' of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife . 
This fall , for example , L'Oreal Group , ordinarily a high-end line , rolled out a drug-store line of skin-care products called Plenitude , which retail for $ 5 to $ 15 . 
Mr. Bond forecast that by next June , `` what will emerge will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property . '' 
Meanwhile , Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 180,000 cars , and Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion . 
Mr. Abrams said that Mr. Ortega is seeking to demobilize the Contras prior to the elections to remove any pressure to hold fair elections . 
In the third quarter , the economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate . 
One Board member , Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer , was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins 's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins 's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign . 
In Greenwich , Conn. , Lone Star spokesman Michael London says , `` Obviously with an earthquake of this size , there are likely to be construction projects that would n't otherwise have been anticipated . 
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
Still , caution is advisable . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London . 
From Chevy trucks to Lipton iced tea to a host of battling banks , the state has been inundated with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns celebrating Texans and castigating outsiders . 
A year earlier , Nationwide Health earned $ 2.4 million , or 29 cents a share . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
Within 15 minutes of the quake itself , I was able to see pictures of the collapsed section of the Bay Bridge . 
Long considered a potential takeover target , Navigation Mixte had hoped Allianz would help protect it from raiders . 
Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise : `` If I become president , I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public , and the scientists . 
`` It 's possible to have a 10 % default rate in one year , because we 're already seeing big problems in the midst of a pretty strong economy . 
I want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show . 
The Health Insurance Association of America , an insurers ' trade group , acknowledges that stiff competition among its members to insure businesses likely to be good risks during the first year of coverage has aggravated the problem in the small-business market . 
Under the accord , Cray Research will transfer to Mr. Cray 's fledgling operation $ 53.3 million of assets primarily related to the Cray-3 development project his team is undertaking and will lend Cray Computer $ 98.6 million . 
Only 58 % of Americans now believe that foreign cars get better gas mileage than domestic models , the Journal survey found , down from 68 % in 1987 . 
While one big SCI TV investor thinks that 's pretty generous , many junkholders had been hoping that KKR and Mr. Gillett would invest new money in SCI TV . 
Many investors wrote asking the SEC to require insiders to report their purchases and sales immediately , not a month later . 
The Orange Workers are just putting this preaching into practice . 
Revenue : $ 1.71 billion 
Sales were $ 597.8 million , up 2.4 % from the previous year . 
`` Even if you look at it as a turnaround situation , it 's expensive , '' said Wayne Hood of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
The stock split four-for-one on Oct. 10 . 
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls . 
After all , they wo n't soon forget the stock bargains that became available after the October 1987 crash . 
Vincent M Ciavarella , regional manager of Property Management Systems , insists he does n't know of any bogus telemarketers operating in the 1.6 million square feet of office space around Fashion Island that his company leases for Irvine Co. , the owner and developer of the project . 
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form . 
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . '' 
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
Northrop Corp. 's third-quarter net income fell 25 % to $ 21.5 million , or 46 cents a share , while General Dynamics Corp. reported nearly flat earnings of $ 76.5 million , or $ 1.83 a share . 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
To reinforce employees ' dedication , Mr. Smith pays well . 
During the Monday market rebound , a New York exchange spokesman told Cable News Network viewers that the industrial average had turned down 70 points . 
The company would n't elaborate , citing competitive reasons . 
State governments place very low ceilings on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills . 
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Paul and CenTrust executives are getting squeamish about opulence . 
But some clients and analysts expressed concern that Mr. Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients . 
The man , it seems , has a Lichtenstein corporation , licensed in Libya and sheltered in the Bahamas . 
Both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 1989 , although the amount for peace-keeping shows a 27 % cut from the administration 's request . 
While residents claimed a victory , military authorities said they had confiscated the equivalent of more than $ 1.5 million to make up for the unpaid taxes . 
`` It 's like getting a free toaster when you open an account , '' says Axe Core 's Mr. Lynn . 
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month . 
Hale Milgrim , 41 years old , senior vice president , marketing at Elecktra Entertainment Inc. , was named president of Capitol Records Inc. , a unit of this entertainment concern . 
Hugh Zurkuhlen , analyst with Salomon Bros. , predicts the shift will mean P&G 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double digits . '' 
Mr. Hollander was named chairman last week , succeeding Mr. Weekes , who was among the ousted directors . 
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
Closed yesterday due to power difficulties . 
Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month and 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house . 
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality . 
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions . 
The December contract rose 1.50 cents a pound to $ 1.2795 . 
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
So key , in fact , that Mr. Jones signed him in April for $ 11.4 million over the next six years -- a record for a rookie . 
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events . 
Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations . 
`` One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is . 
Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer , a researcher in Great Britain , are close to finding another gene involved with some types of colon cancer , thought to be on chromosome 5 . 
Like Peter Sellars , Ms. Bogart manipulates her actors as if they were rag dolls , sprawling them on staircases , dangling them off tables , even hanging them from precipices while having them perform some gymnastic feats of derring-do . 
ALBERTA ENERGY Co. , Calgary , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares . 
First , they are safe . 
Apparently , however , the improvement came too late . 
The engine involved was a CF6-6 made by General Electric Co . 
Nestle Korea Ltd. opened a coffee and non-dairy-creamer plant in Chongju , South Korea . 
The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 . 
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years . 
Health benefits are contentious issues in the strikes against Pittston Co. and Nynex Corp . 
SMYRNA , Ga. -- 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion . 
And National Advanced Systems , a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. and General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year . 
The move , which could cost TransCanada as much as 50 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 42.5 million ) in relocation and severance payments , should be complete by next summer , Mr. Maier said . 
The earlier use of incentives depleted the market of `` scavengers '' for bargain-basement 1989 cars , he said . 
`` We need to get the kids away from the criminals into a less traumatic environment , '' says Mr. Edelman . 
In his letter to Knight-Ridder President James K. Batten , Mr. McMaster said he arrived at the $ 68 million figure using Knight-Ridder 's corporate financial statements and comments by Knight-Ridder officials that the Free Press has a $ 50 million value in salvage . 
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Other bids ranged from about 10 million yen to 29 million yen . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered . 
The uncertainty is sending shivers through Brazilian financial markets . 
Another fight is brewing between Congress and the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit . 
`` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' 
He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to `` build a new Brazil '' than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of `` maharajahs , '' or overpaid and underworked civil servants . 
The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors . 
Manville and the trust are discussing the offer , but no decision has been made . 
But the guy is so personally decent , people tend to forget that . '' 
In addition , they argue he wo n't help Washington 's standing in the region by trumpeting the U.S. commitment to democracy less than a month after his administration played an ineffectual role in the failed coup attempt in Panama . 
Texaco acquired Tana before it completed those sales because Tana 's properties are high quality and near other fields Texaco already owns , a company spokeswoman said . 
Telos Corp. , a Santa Monica , Calif. , provider of software-development and hardware-maintenance services to the military , enjoyed steady growth until this year . 
Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7\/8 to 45 3\/4 ; Amoco rose 1\/8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3\/4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5\/8 to 99 1\/2 . 
Liberty National exchanged about 78.64 shares of its common stock for each of Florence Deposit 's 5,600 shares outstanding . 
Ultimate expects the 3 1\/2-year agreement to generate $ 100 million in sales , but it would n't estimate profit . 
`` Shippers wo n't be able to look for transportation-cost savings as they have for the last eight or nine years . 
He 's rich , famous and intelligent , and has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do . 
Some of Japan 's goods being produced as a result of the investment boom are already successful overseas . 
Many of his peers feel the same way . 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
Twenty-five trucks capable of cooking food were dispatched from other states . 
I 've got limited production , and I ca n't give it to underperformers . '' 
Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater troupes , the Goodman and Steppenwolf . 
Total net income fell to 471.6 million rand ( $ 178.0 million ) from 515.4 million rand in the June quarter . 
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president . 
The Polish fund would be seeded with $ 160 million , the Hungarian fund with $ 40 million . 
But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam . 
When the DJIA modestly rebounded , the dollar bounced back in choppy dealings but ended the day below the levels of late Monday . 
They are already industrialized ... . 
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal . 
That inquiry has n't resolved similar allegations involving another Chemical options trader . 
`` There can be no question of us unilaterally abandoning the armed struggle , '' he said . `` 
The year was misstated in Friday 's editions . 
Unless , of course , it happens to be run by the Rothschilds . 
The junk-mail titans , ever optimistic , are looking for ways around the problem . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 3.13 billion from $ 2.94 billion . 
Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come . 
A Pentagon official said the request was made to give the department `` maximum flexibility '' to deal with the cuts . 
He has bought some trendy Western clothes , and a green Mercedes with an American flag in the window . 
In 1987 , however , the news was the latest in a string of disappointments on trade , while the current report comes after a period of improvement . 
`` We 're anticipating quite a traffic crunch , '' said one official . 
Although they never said so publicly , they have made no secret of their preference for the F-18 on operational grounds . 
Yasumichi Morishita , whose art gallery last month became a major shareholder in Christies International PLC , the London auction house , is one man who does n't fit the mold . 
We do not see anything in the fundamentals of our business that would cause us to change our strategy of investing for profitable growth . '' 
Consider the New America High Income Fund . 
`` We 'd like to continue to reduce debt , '' President Lawrence Perlman said . 
The Financial Times 30-share index settled 27.8 points higher at 1758.5 . 
The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation . 
Firm will not , however , resume 24-hour service until power in city is restored . 
Although , his help for the Contra cause was limited , it was enough to win him important protectors in the Reagan administration , says Sen. Patrick Leahy , a Vermont Democrat who then served on the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
The dollar began Friday on a firm note , gaining against all major currencies in Tokyo dealings and early European trading despite reports that the Bank of Japan was seen unloading dollars around 142.70 yen . 
`` If you want to be a player , you have to be in America , Europe and the Far East . 
Dr. Yonehara and his partner , Nobuyuki Kobayashi of Yamaguchi University , said their experiments showed that the antibody wiped out an average of 60 % of AIDS-infected cells within three days . 
But both see a common enemy : About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie . 
`` Banco Popular just kept waiting , '' said Edward Thompson , a vice president and analyst at Thomson BankWatch Inc. in New York . 
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , `` Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , '' I wish you would butt in and say , `` Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country . 
Each 5,000 Swiss franc bond convertible from Jan. 3 , 1989 , to Oct. 31 , 1997 . 
HONECKER WAS OUSTED as leader of East Germany amid growing unrest . 
The laptops are not revolutionary and , indeed , are tardy in a market first opened by GRiD Systems Corp. , now a unit of Tandy Corp. , almost two years ago . 
`` And export business is still good . 
`` It 's clearly a manifesto for the next stage of perestroika , '' said one analyst . 
Federal authorities in New York started investigating exchanges in May , though no indictments have been handed down there . 
I am convinced that UFOs exist because I have seen one ... . '' 
And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase in the rush to get a free Camel cigarette sticker . 
We 've actually read the speech . 
Katherine Voss , a veteran trainer at the Laurel , Md. , track , offers neophytes a sobering tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable purses . 
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened . 
But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits . 
Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed . 
FEDERAL JUDGE EXPANDS role of U.S. courts in extradition decisions . 
`` I do n't know of any news or anything unusual happening here , '' said Bruce Stoecklin , director of media services . 
Pacific First Financial Corp. said it signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of Old Stone Bank of California . 
`` Now we 're looking for a room with thicker walls , '' Ms. Banks says . 
The U.S. currency was also changing hands at 142.43 yen , up from 141.70 yen in New York late Thursday . 
`` It is fun competing as a private company , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
FORMER APPLE COMPUTER Inc. general counsel John P. Karalis has joined the Phoenix , Ariz. , law firm of Brown & Bain . 
A total of 157 lawsuits were filed on behalf of crash victims . 
`` Banks want to remain competitive , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . 
Americans stay longer with Japanese firms than American companies . 
Joseph P. Jordan , 52 years old , becomes president , chief executive officer and a director of the bank company . 
We 're sorry to see Nigel Lawson 's departure from the British government . 
The offices are done in hardwood and oriental rugs , leatherbound books and , of course , a $ 12 million Rubens . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
During the past three weeks , for example , Drexel has sold $ 1.3 billion of new junk bonds for Turner Broadcasting Co. , Uniroyal Chemical , Continental Air and Duff & Phelps . 
Wheat futures prices rose slightly . 
Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa has consistently rejected StatesWest 's offers , and early this week said its board would n't give the proposal further consideration , calling it `` vague and ill-defined '' because it did n't describe the source of funds or the specific terms of StatesWest securities which were part of the offer . 
The immediate target of Rep. Gonzalez 's inquiry is Danny Wall , chairman of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
`` We were never going to get these insurance companies to agree again , '' says John V. Trump , a San Francisco defense lawyer in the case . 
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. , NEC Corp. and Group Bull , among others , have similar arrangements with MIPs , based in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
`` You ca n't make a commodity out of a luxury , '' insists Mr. Purnick , the New York furrier . 
For more than 50 years the federal government has tried various ways to provide housing for the poor and revive cities . 
The Dutch utility firm serves the Amsterdam and Utrecht areas . 
The RTC will have to sell or merge hundreds of insolvent thrifts over the next three years . 
`` Some Japanese executives are not yet ... comfortable about sharing strategic information with their American colleagues , '' the researchers say . 
Rising export sales also contributed to strong growth , Nikon added . 
Step 2 will answer the question : What happens if these increases do not materialize ? 
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back . 
Analysts had expected Consolidated to post a slim profit , and the company 's stock was down only 25 cents to $ 30.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
East German leader Krenz said he was willing to hold talks with opposition groups pressing for internal changes . 
`` The message is we build 'em right , '' says Peter Bedford , a California developer and officer at Urban Land Institute . 
It 's a downbeat , `` thirtysomething '' world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do . 
Unless the Federal Reserve eases interest rates soon to stimulate the economy , profits could remain disappointing . 
But neither the pilots nor the machinists appear interested , and Mr. Davis is barred from making a new bid under terms of an agreement he made with UAL in September unless UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 a share . 
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband 's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns . 
The tremor was centered near Hollister , southeast of San Francisco , and was felt as far as 200 miles away . 
The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Mr. Wolf , but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he teamed up with the pilot union . 
His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations . 
It should be a scream . 
When consumers have so many choices , brand loyalty is much harder to maintain . 
The slip has come despite high-profile ads created by Wells Rich , including one picturing a young man clad only in pajama bottoms interrupting a festive brunch . 
Boeing Co. said Trans European Airways ordered a dozen 737 jetliners valued at a total of about $ 450 million . 
Olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 22 million , up from $ 15 million a year ago , largely because of gains in electrochemicals such as caustic soda . 
Caltrans spokesman Jim Drago in Sacramento declined to identify the engineering firm that did the reinforcement work . 
Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring . 
The inflation adjustment also means that the maximum annual level of earnings subject to the wage tax that generates revenue for the Social Security trust fund will rise to $ 50,400 in 1990 from $ 48,000 this year . 
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan . 
But the editorial , by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization , notes that tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries . 
The financial equivalent of the sand used by those Armenian contractors is junk bonds and the leveraged buy-outs associated with them . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . 
The other bidder is United Illuminating Co. , New Haven , Conn. , with a bid valued at $ 2.2 billion and and a proposal for seven years of 5.5 % rate increases . 
At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human . 
Goya is selling Leche Fresca in nearly 500 grocery stores and bodegas in New York and parts of New Jersey . 
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit . 
Under the compromise , the $ 4.25 level would be reached nine months earlier , while the training subminimum would be shorter , unless it is tied to a training plan . 
The Soviets ' eavesdropping paid off , however , because they got the contract . 
Mr. Moon 's two English-language U.S. newspapers illustrate the scope of this financial drain . 
Now , with the opening of Maxim Gorky 's bourgeois-bashing `` Summerfolk , '' Ms. Bogart has laid her cards on the table . 
`` The ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , '' Mr. Vinson has written . 
A few months ago , the Bush administration decided to stop this cooperation , leaving Radio Costa Rica operating on a shoestring . 
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors . 
`` They 've got a lot of different balls in the air at the same time , '' observes Jim Poyner , a computer securities analyst with Dallas-based William K. Woodruff & Co . 
The pact calls for the Times to pay dealers $ 3.6 million over six years , as well as other payments in the form of subsidies over three years , based on the number of `` new customers started by the dealers and on pricing structures , '' the Times said . 
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2 . 
And the feature is so new , he adds , that no insurer has yet established a track record for actually making such payments . 
The play is filled with intrigue , dishonesty and injustice . 
The diplomat adds that Mr. Krenz has several things going for him . 
LIN 's suitor , McCaw Cellular Communications , dropped 1 to 40 on almost 350,000 shares . 
Dennis O'Brien , the treasurer of Commonwealth Edison Co. in Chicago , adopts a polite approach , waiting for an opportunity to ask about the forecast . 
For example , he says , the company is planning to go nationwide with a new service , tested in parts of the country , aimed at taxpayers who want refunds in a hurry . 
Instead , he says , if the salespeople can get the customers to consider Wang 's products on their merits , he or a top financial officer will try to assuage the fears about finances . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 1.25 to 375.16 . 
So many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that Fanuc Ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant . 
NBC 's winning streak has been canceled . 
So far no one has suggested putting the comptroller back on the board . 
For eight hours a day for the past two weeks , in aggregates of as much as 27,000 pounds ( equaling $ 20,000 in pennies ) , Coin Wrap has been pouring money into a cement-mixing truck . 
`` We have been a great market for inventing risks which other people then take , copy and cut rates . '' 
Sales in the category that includes pharmaceuticals , amino acids and chemicals rose 4.7 % . 
Mr. Florio 's forcefulness on the abortion issue after the Webster ruling divides some of his old constituency . 
`` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said . 
In one consumer focus group , a fan declared that , `` Campbell 's soup is like getting a hug from a friend . '' 
I have n't seen or talked to him in several years . '' 
Seven Japanese department-store groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale 's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional information on the group , bankers say . 
And there will be a nurse 's station and rooms for children to meet with social workers . 
GM trimmed about 40 firms from its approved local counsel list , Mr. Pearce says . 
The letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities . 
The theory is that the stadium , damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , will be repaired by then , and that people will be able to get there . 
The CompuServe subsidiary ( which provides information to home-computer users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its format is `` still too complicated . '' 
One advantage that federal officials have in handling earthquake relief is the large number of military facilities in the San Francisco Bay area , facilities that provide a ready base of supplies and workers . 
The reason environmentalists `` do n't mind seeing new crises arise '' is because there are new crises . 
Also , Larry A. Kushkin , executive vice president , North American operations , was named head of the company 's international automotive operations , another new position . 
`` All of the city 's $ 5.9 million emergency reserve was spent in the first 24 hours '' on overtime salaries , he said . 
Analysts ' expectations suggest a September current account deficit of # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.54 billion ) , compared with August 's # 2.0 billion deficit . 
SsangYong , which has only about 3 % of the domestic market , will sell about 18,000 of its models this year , twice as many as last year . 
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable . 
I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject . '' 
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 
`` The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze . '' 
Until his resignation , Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark . 
The dollar was mixed . 
Even though the currency is pegged to the U.S. dollar , with a fixed exchange rate of HK$ 7.8 to the American currency , the U.S. and Hong Kong economies do n't always move in lock step , making it difficult to predict where interest rates in the colony will go . 
Furthermore , because timing is so critical with RU-486 , she will learn , via a pelvic examination and ultrasound , not only that she is pregnant , but just how pregnant she is . 
Yet minutes after promising to appoint Hispanics to high posts in state government , he is unable to say whether he has ever employed any in his congressional office . 
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons . 
Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients . 
The investors range from elderly widows to affluent professionals . 
The suit sets the firms ' liability at more than $ 185 million . 
Unlike the old-line cosmetics houses , Unilever and P&G both have enormous research and development bases to draw on for new products . 
`` We expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week , but we are considering asking them for letters of credit before we take more orders . '' 
Its Houston work force now totals 230 . 
`` We have one near here . 
Wellman stock closed Friday at 39 3\/8 , up 1\/8 ; Mr. Sloan thinks that in a year it could hit 60 . 
The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control . 
The lower boundary was established just after the opening in a brief round of selling ; the upper boundary was set at midday as scattered bargain-hunting pushed prices higher . 
While this theory is exceedingly simple , it appears to explain several things . 
His point : It will be increasingly difficult for the U.S. to cling to command-and-control measures if even the East Bloc steps to a different drummer . 
Markets -- 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 1.52 billion from $ 1.48 billion . 
Rigid ideological restrictions on property ownership should be abandoned . 
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being . 
Asked if the Soviets , like Chinese officials , wo n't one day face a similar conflict between the desire to liberalize economically and yet retain political control , Mr. Lee said , `` I would think that the Soviets face a deeper dilemma because they have been more in blinkers than the Chinese -- I mean keeping their people cut off from the outside world . '' 
The mask cuts to the quick . 
If the Soviets want to be believed , they need to start telling the truth about more than the totally obvious . 
Many of Nasdaq 's biggest technology stocks were in the forefront of the rally . 
Industry analysts have said that the purchase price for the paper was too high , causing a strain on Goodson 's finances . 
But pipeline companies estimate they still face $ 2.4 billion in liabilities from unresolved disputes , including $ 1 billion they fear they wo n't be able to pass on to customers . 
The prices of most corn , soybean and wheat futures contracts dropped slightly as farmers in the Midwest continued to rebuild stockpiles that were depleted by the 1988 drought . 
The price plummeted after a proposed leveraged buy-out of the airline fell through . 
Catherine Adams , the Beebes ' lawyer , said the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits . 
To begin with , we should note that in contrast to the U.S. deficit , Britain has been running largish budget surpluses . 
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is . 
Additionally , the end of the month position-squaring might have also played a minor role , traders said . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
But Lincoln Center President Nathan Leventhal , who would head a Dinkins transition team , is more mainstream , as is real-estate executive Anthony Gliedman , another insider . 
Revenue increased 22 % to $ 2.5 billion from $ 2.1 billion . 
Campeau Corp. , the chain 's owner , declined to comment on the report . 
Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , the Washington , D.C. , law firm that spent over $ 1 million fighting the execution of mass-murderer Ted Bundy -- who eventually was executed -- has taken on another death penalty case before the Supreme Court , this time on the side of the family of four murder victims in Arkansas . 
The closely watched funds rate is what banks charge each other on overnight loans . 
BOZELL : 
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
`` It 's an explosive cocktail '' thrown at the world , says Kenneth Courtis , senior economist at the Tokyo unit of Deutsche Bank Group . 
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva , `` Batibot '' does n't set out to advance the cause of Filipino . 
The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year . 
Himont , another majority-owned unit of Montedison , added 1 1\/4 to 47 1\/8 . 
According to Mr. Frawley , floor traders say there is good support for December gold in the $ 374 to $ 375 per ounce area , around $ 5.20 an ounce for December silver and in the $ 485 to $ 490 an ounce range for January platinum . 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
For the past six years , Mr. Menell , 43 years old , served as vice president for government affairs at American Express . 
Only about a quarter of the respondents said they exercise to lose weight . 
It 's not just in Eastern Europe where the march of events is finally on the U.S. side , but on the horn of Africa as well . 
In a separate complaint also filed in federal court here , shareholder Max Grill of New York charged Imperial , its top executives and directors with breach of fiduciary duty and squandering the company 's assets . 
The year-on-year rise was partly because of higher demand for petroleum products , and partly because of tax changes in 1988 that left oil companies with high inventories in the late-summer\/early-FALL PERIOD . 
-- Football player , class unspecified . 
`` There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader . 
Since 1984 , in fact , revenues of the 10 largest guard companies , primarily serving such big businesses , have increased by almost 62 % . 
But GAF 's bellwether role was short-lived . 
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment-protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months . 
In one way , the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves . 
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . '' 
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services . 
And the industry was rife with brokers trying to secure big client orders by using kickbacks , gifts , women and junkets . 
What should I do ? 
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now . 
Even in Russia we managed to give parties . 
Apparently they are learning to say no to excess risk . 
The basket product , while it has got off to a slow start , is being supported by some big brokerage firms -- another member of Mr. Phelan 's splintered constituency . 
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . '' 
Proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt at the beer and food concern , said Robert Vaux , vice president , finance . 
Last week , Sen. Malcolm Wallop ( R. , Wyo . ) held hearings on a bill to strengthen an existing law designed to reduce regulatory hassles for small businesses . 
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research . 
Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe . 
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more . '' 
The Justice Department alleges that the company `` engaged in various forms of misrepresentation '' with the goal of reducing the appraised value of employees ' homes . 
Led by the Federation of Korean Industries , the critics are lobbying for the government to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties . 
It was only earlier this year that the jovial , easygoing executive -- he likes to joke with Americans about how his name is synonymous with twelve -- was appointed deputy president . 
A record date has n't been set . 
South African gold stocks closed higher . 
`` And we do n't have internal controls and discipline that we need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly . '' 
The Merksamer bankruptcy-law filing appears to supersede that agreement . 
Recruiter Donald Clark does note an increase in searches for minority candidates . 
Tandy Corp. said it wo n't join U.S. Memories , the group that seeks to battle the Japanese in the market for computer memory chips . 
This mostly happens because we go from football in the fall to lifting in the winter to football again in the spring '' . 
AT&T said the expense increase will be largely offset by a gain from its previously announced plan to swap its holdings in Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. for shares in Cie . Industriali Riunite , an Italian holding company . 
The Swedish publishers of a new Estonian-language newspaper rushed an extra edition across the Baltic on Oct. 10 after the first run sold out in one day . 
But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute . 
Rubbermaid shares closed yesterday at $ 33.875 , off 12.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Analysts also say it 's inevitable that Brazil will seek to renegotiate its $ 115 billion foreign debt , on which it suspended interest payments last month . 
The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda 's hugely successful Accord and Toyota 's Camry . 
Planners now influence the investment of several hundred billion dollars , but in effect they operate in the dark . 
The computer giant , whose U.S. results have been dismal for years , noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter , following an increase in the second period . 
Bank analysts say ministry officials have been growing increasingly concerned during the past few months about Japanese banks getting in over their heads . 
PAPERS : 
Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp . 
So far neither the Bush administration nor Congress is prepared to lead the way toward revamping health care . 
I 'm anti-white . '' 
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation . 
He said that when he was on the board he felt that he had a great deal of power and , somehow , he did n't think that was a good thing . 
The West German paper company entered the venture in April 1988 by acquiring a 50 % stake , also from Beghin-Say . 
The Chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson , resigned because Prime Minister Thatcher would not fire her trusted adviser Sir Alan Walters . 
Mr. Cawthorn said the profit growth in the latest quarter was due to the sale of two Rorer drugs . 
Granges did n't say what impact the moves would have on total gold output or earnings , and company officials were n't available . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- $ 70,315,000 of pollution control revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds ( South Texas Project Units No. 1 and 2 ) , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
Revenue for the latest period was up 11 % to $ 682.7 million , from $ 614.6 million . 
The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor 's Corp. , which has the issue under review . 
The package `` provides a temporary , golden parachute for Grumman , '' according to one congressional aide familiar with the closed-door bargaining . 
Her Pa ( Howard Duff ) is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word `` sin '' and glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room , and has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago . 
Still , Mr. Carew thinks he can reach a good chunk of the three million-plus black homes he needs by mailing to the almost 10,000 blacks who form what he calls `` the grapevine . '' 
Mr. Evans could n't be reached yesterday for comment . 
The insurance-industry association also strongly disagrees with the proposed community rating , which `` does n't save one dollar , '' argues James Dorsch , HIAA 's Washington counsel . 
Viewers may not be cheering , either . 
We consumers tend to have long memories . 
Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman . 
Cipher Data Products Inc. posted a net loss of $ 14.2 million , or 97 cents a share , for its fiscal first quarter , compared with net income of $ 3.8 million , or 27 cents a share , a year ago . 
The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group . 
The figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking Nynex Corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said . 
Ship companies carrying bulk commodities , such as oil , grain , coal and iron ore , have been able to increase their rates in the last couple of years . 
The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination . 
Off the Strip , MarCor is building the Rio , a hotel-casino with a Brazilian theme and only 430 rooms -- all of them suites . 
`` I 'm hopeful that we 'll have further discussions , '' Mr. Hahn said . 
Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal , a daily tabloid , in 1977 and closed it three years later . 
Shearson does n't break out the earnings of its subsidiaries . 
Both companies declined to comment on the rumors , but several industry analysts told the Professional Investor Report they believed it was plausible that Pennzoil may be buying Chevron shares as a prelude to pushing for a restructuring of the company . 
`` To be profitable , the paper requires more circulation and building circulation is an expensive undertaking , '' said John Macfarlane , the paper 's publisher . 
All of the term bonds are original issue discount bonds , according to the lead underwriter . 
During his tenure , Mr. Corr attempted through a series of meetings to inform managers of some of the company 's future plans , traveled widely to talk to employees and backed training sessions designed to improve the carrier 's image . 
`` When they were making the decision , all hell broke loose with the finances . '' 
`` I think the dynamics of this situation are that something 's got to happen , '' said one official familiar with the situation . 
Now he can go further . 
Lawrence Group also owns Lawrence Agency Corp. , Schenectady , N.Y. , an insurance agency and brokerage . 
On average in the latest nine months , company-operated units in the U.S. had $ 90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets . 
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann . 
Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans . 
Alternatively , it said it would offer three Paribas shares , themselves eligible for dividends as of next Jan. 1 , for one Navigation Mixte share . 
Some are even coming up with their own novel designs . 
`` They are like a mini-studio ; they have 50 projects in development for Warner , '' he says . 
Corporate , Other Issues 
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
In two other cases , the possible consequences of the Supreme Court ruling appear even more unintended . 
In the nine months , net was $ 1.02 billion , or $ 4.38 a share , including the gain from the Mitsubishi stock sale , compared with $ 617 million , or $ 2.77 a share , after a charge of $ 93 million , or 42 cents a share , for plant closings in the 1988 period . 
Last week , a young black girl claimed she had been raped by a white police officer ( a la Tawana Brawley ) . 
If Mr. Gorbachev is looking toward unleashing the productive forces of the market , these latest resolutions are nothing short of reckless . 
In June , the Supreme Court threw out the conviction of a Texas man who set a flag afire during a 1984 demonstration , saying he was `` engaging in political expression '' that is protected by the First Amendment . 
The tragedy , he adds , `` galvanized me '' to look for a way to prevent similar cases . 
Late yesterday in New York , the dollar rose to 142.75 yen from 141.80 yen Monday , but fell to 1.8667 marks from 1.8685 marks . 
The company rejected those past proposals . 
The move strengthens the existing links between the Agnellis and the Aga Khan , the head of the world 's Ismaili Moslems who is a longtime family friend and frequently goes sailing with Mr. Agnelli . 
The fear Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , `` This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 . '' 
Japan is going on a capital-spending binge that could make its trade surpluses even harder to shrink . 
In addition , the regime has established well-paid paramilitary forces totaling more than 100,000 , including 35,000 Soviet-trained troops of the Interior Ministry ( KHAD\/WAD ) , which still is directed by 1,500 Soviet KGB officers . 
But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies . 
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 . 
They did n't return the rubber stocks that represent his capital . 
For some investors , it 's the appearances that leave them deceived . 
Another hurdle concerns Japan 's attempts to persuade the Soviet Union to relinquish its post-World War II control of four islands north of Japan . 
One major factor was the decline of the dollar against the mark , which began less than a year after Merkur 's 1985 launch . 
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 . 
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less . 
Yet , late last year , Congress effectively reversed this decision by enacting a one-sentence statute that defined fraud to include any scheme to deprive another of `` the intangible right of honest services . '' 
The project appeared to be on the rocks earlier this month when the other major partner in the project , China General Plastics Corp. , backed out . 
Having rejected central economic planning for economic reasons , and the market for fear of the social ( political ) consequences , Mr. Gorbachev seeks a `` third way '' that would combine the discipline and controls of the former with the economic benefits of the latter . 
Dale Lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. and Sassy , is candid about the challenge he is taking on . 
The Bakersfield Supermarket went out of business last May . 
Sept. 15 , 1989 : 
No reason for the request was given . 
As we queasily start The search for replacements , we know The new one we purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder that 's stated , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated ! 
Meanwhile , the pimp Pompey ( Glen Allen Pruett ) , dressed in black leather and a prominent codpiece , indulges in enough obscene gestures and pelvic thrusts to launch a space probe . 
Michael J.C. Roth , USAA executive vice president , called program trading `` mindless . '' 
The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid . 
Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents . 
The latest figures compare with July 's 4.5 % month-to-month rise and 11.3 % year-to-year fall . 
He has a built-in , constant longing for lower interest rates . 
Since all four Republicans on the committee are co-sponsors of my bill , it is the Democrats who will be held fully accountable if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor . 
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November . 
`` What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it . 
So says the Commonwealth Fund , a New York philanthropist that 's sponsoring a $ 1 million project to develop joint masters in business and nursing programs at 10 universities ... . 
An official with lead underwriter First Boston said orders for the San Antonio bonds were `` on the slow side . '' 
Unemployment in September dropped to 1,695,000 , the lowest level since 1980 . 
But Mr. Lippens said a rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. , which owns 5 % of AG . 
Since 1978 , average annual growth rates for most pollutants have outstripped the growth of GNP . 
Occasionally , all that 's needed is a little coaxing . 
These include Jennifer Tilly 's audition to be the Baker Boys ' girl singer . 
Western Union took steps to withdraw a $ 500 million debt swap , citing turmoil in the junk bond market . 
Mr. Peterson says the suits against him are less a measure of his work than they are a `` sign of the times '' in which people generally are more prone to sue . 
These are the 26 states , including the commonwealth of Puerto Rico , that have settled with Drexel : Alaska , Arkansas , Delaware , Georgia , Hawaii , Idaho , Indiana , Iowa , Kansas , Kentucky , Maine , Maryland , Minnesota , Mississippi , New Hampshire , New Mexico , North Dakota , Oklahoma , Oregon , South Carolina , South Dakota , Utah , Vermont , Washington , Wyoming and Puerto Rico . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list for the U.S. over-the-counter market Monday . 
But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
At the same time , only four securities firms have signed up with the Big Board to buy and sell ESPs as market makers , an unenthusiastic response . 
'' None believe the proposed management LBOs will be easy to complete , especially at B. Altman & Co. , which is under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . 
MCA on Friday said that as a result of Qintex 's failure to make the required payment it was terminating the distribution agreement on `` The New Leave It to Beaver '' as well as other MCA properties . 
For the year , sales were up 5.6 % to $ 6.97 billion compared with $ 6.61 billion in fiscal 1988 . 
The recently released leaders sat high atop a podium in one section of the stadium stands . 
The reluctance of traders to buy contracts indicates that they have begun focusing on demand rather than supply . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
Sierra Tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
But given the political importance of California , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any Senate amendments adding further new appropriations . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate rose to 8.0087 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.962 % at last week 's sale . 
It 's an unrealistic expectation . 
Amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest , and other partners include Hydro Congo , the Congolese state oil company , with a 50 % interest , and Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake . 
Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white . 
But readers may well feel the pangs of recognition . 
Following the impeachment conviction , Dr. Benjamin Hooks , executive director of the National Association for the Advancement of Colored People , issued a restrained statement , warning that the Hastings case could set a `` dangerous precedent , '' but adding , `` We must respect the considered judgment of the Senate . 
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . '' 
A spokesman attributed the bulk of a 14 % increase in selling , administrative and general expenses -- to $ 324.9 million -- to marketing costs . 
`` Mr. Semel said absolutely nothing to indicate Warner would have any objection to our assuming management positions at Columbia , '' Mr. Guber says . 
`` They are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high-technology stocks , '' said Robin West , director of research for Ladenburg Thalmann 's Lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks . 
An additional benefit is the creation of jobs . 
Meat consumption is at 1979 's level , pork production at 1973 's , milk output at 1960 's . 
Delmed said yesterday that Fresenius USA would begin distributing the product and that the company is investigating other possible distribution channels . 
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market , it never happened . 
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions . 
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem properties and nonperforming loans , the Dallas trust said it has rebuilt reserves , abandoned properties with little potential and experienced improved operating results from joint ventures . 
Failure to pass the bill meant that $ 16.1 billion in across-the-board spending cuts took effect Monday under the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
Brush Wellman Inc. said its board increased the number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously authorized program to 3.9 million from 2.9 million . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
They question whether the IMF has any role in developing countries , given its original mandate to assist industrial countries in balance-of-payments emergencies . 
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania . 
Oddly enough , this presents a problem for the stock . 
Shares of Lone Star Industries Inc. , a cement maker , rose sharply in anticipation of stepped-up demand . 
This is a classic example of the old saying , `` The whole is greater than the sum of its parts . '' 
But if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away . 
Over the past year there have been only one burglary , three thefts of or from autos , no purse-snatchings , and one attempted robbery in the mall , which opened in late 1981 . 
Eagle also said it received a commitment for as much as $ 8 million in financing from Norfolk Capital Group Inc . 
In fiscal 1984 , before Mr. Gandhi came to power , only $ 810 million was raised . 
Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. , offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
The U.S. discovered the young Tony Noriega in late 1959 , when he was in his second year at the Chorrillos Military Academy in Lima , according to former U.S. intelligence officials . 
`` Homeroom , '' a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth-grade classroom , is flunking the ratings test . 
Gregory Bessemer , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed U.S. Trading Championship , says he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options . 
Figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy I wanted , I looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a jungle of gibberish . 
On the Milan stock exchange , Nuovo Banco 's shares jumped to 4,830 lire each from 4,695 lire Friday . 
Hans Stoll , finance professor at Vanderbilt University , says the current volatility in U.S. markets pales in comparison to the 1930s , decades before derivative instruments such as options and futures were introduced . 
c - Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
`` There are so many possible proportions when you consider how many things are made out of eggs and butter and milk . 
`` Yes , they are . 
The White House already is talking of Mr. Bush visiting the California earthquake site this weekend . 
The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale , failed to disclose pending lawsuits and material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default , had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name and trademark in the United Kingdom and did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies . 
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing . 
Big Board officials would n't comment publicly . 
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend . 
The jokes are n't just on the Japanese , though . 
The disclosures state that commissions were paid by Bofors to an Indian agent of the arms company . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
`` We 've been opposed to '' index arbitrage `` for a long time , '' said Stephen B. Timbers , chief investment officer at Kemper , which manages $ 56 billion , including $ 8 billion of stocks . 
COPPER : 
Payout of preferred dividends resulted in a net loss of five cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
Mr. McDonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental ardor was his 1986 design for the headquarters of the Environmental Defense Fund in New York . 
Until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility Mr. Shevardnadze was bidding for with his confessions on Monday . 
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase . 
But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control . 
They will be the next hot magazines . 
In the past five years , the company 's sales have grown to $ 80 million from $ 26 million . 
The downturn in total value may be only temporary , suggested Herb Adler , a KPMG Peat Marwick partner . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Pfizer closed at $ 67.75 a share , up 75 cents . 
`` The tests indicate that dual and non-dual traders are similar in terms of the trade executions and liquidity they provide to the market , '' Mrs. Gramm told the Senate panel . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Capital Cities closed at $ 558.50 , down $ 5 . 
Continentals believe that the strongest growth area will be southern Europe . 
Kurzweil , Waltham , Mass. , makes digital electronic keyboard instruments used by professional recording musicians . 
Mr. Maynard says the ruling pushed his company into bankruptcy court . 
Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years . 
Mr. Gras said the joint venture represents considerable savings for both Renault and DAF , since both companies would in any case have had to renew their existing ranges of light goods vehicles . 
Separately , Moody 's Investors Service Inc. downgraded the ratings of American Medical 's senior and subordinated debt issues and those of its international affiliate . 
The world had a big yuk recently when the Soviets reported a rash of UFO landings , one of them bringing tall aliens who glowed in the dark to Voronezh . 
A somewhat higher percentage of people living in the Bay area have bought the additional insurance protection , but the great majority are n't covered . 
Whatever the cause for the downturn , few people are predicting any sudden improvement . 
Until recently , much of the necessary technology has been unavailable or at least unaffordable . 
What makes the veteran FBI man so endearing is his hard-bitten cynicism -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s . 
Appalachian Power Co. , a subsidiary of American Electric Power Co. , said it will redeem on Dec. 1 the entire $ 44.2 million of its 12 7\/8 % first mortgage bonds due 2013 . 
Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the `` cosmic paradox '' of life : Jupiter and other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth , but these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life . 
If the political establishment is reluctant to forgive sexual misadventures , the private sector sometimes will . 
A successful low-crime mall in a high-crime area violates the more typical inner-city pattern , in which commercial areas are taken over by unruly youth , gangs , and the criminal element , with an erosion of the customer base , development capital , and insurability . 
Mr. Seidman told the committee that the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell sick thrifts , has studied Lincoln 's examination reports by former regulators dating back to 1986 . 
One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics only a part , not a whole , of the student-athlete 's life '' . 
Morgan Grenfell , which has been mentioned in takeover rumors , rose 20 to 392 pence ( $ 6.18 ) a share . 
`` First year I came back there was n't any work , '' he says . 
As expected , Warner Bros . Records said it agreed to form a recorded-music and music-publishing joint venture with former MCA Records Chairman Irving Azoff . 
MEDIA POLICY : 
Mechanized vacuum cleaners probe the sand like giant anteaters ; a whirring ferris wheellike excavator , with buckets instead of seats , chews through layers of compacted sand ; tracks and conveyor belts , shuttling sand to the screening plants , criss-cross the beach . 
The California Student Aid Commission took the action Oct. 15 after a government audit cited National Technical Schools for having courses too short to be eligible for the educational loan program and having a student drop-out rate far in excess of federal standards , and it alleged other serious violations of law and regulations . 
I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ? 
`` It 's a large-ticket discretionary purchase , '' said Robert Curran , who follows the industry for Merrill Lynch & Co . 
The sales-tax plan was preferred over an alternative that would have boosted the state gasoline tax . 
In West Germany , investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction . 
He argued that both CPI and PPI have in fact decelerated since spring . 
The report by the Defense Ministry also rejected allegations that Britain covered up evidence of Waldheim 's activities as a German army officer . 
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC 's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52 . 
But I loved turbans . '' ) 
Using the the NWA takeover as a benchmark , First Boston on Sept. 14 estimated that UAL was worth $ 250 to $ 344 a share based on UAL 's results for the 12 months ending last June 30 , but only $ 235 to $ 266 based on a management estimate of results for 1989 . 
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman . 
April 26 , 1988 : 
There are few factories and no mines . 
He argues California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law -- and he says negotiated sales that are n't pre-registered have been legal all along . 
Last Friday , 96 stocks on the Big Board hit new 12-month lows . 
The consumer price index rose 0.2 % in September , while many economists were looking for a 0.4 % increase . 
He then briefed Messrs. Boies and Barr , who had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation accordingly . 
The sums awarded to Messrs. Kelly and Newcomb represent bonuses the two men said they deserved from the first half of 1988 , but which were n't paid because of a dispute over an incentive contract . 
Investment capital is creeping back , and oil properties are fetching more . 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs ( $ 297 ) a share . 
Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply . 
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets . 
While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now , I do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . '' 
Commercial gene-splicing was born . 
After all , gold prices usually soar when inflation is high . 
Toshiba Corp. said its new French marketing concern has started operating under the aegis of the company 's West German subsidiary , which formerly handled all sales of Toshiba electronic products in France . 
Buying 51 % of Rockefeller Group Inc. is right up Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's alley in one sense : The huge Japanese real estate company is entering a long-term relationship with a similarly conservative U.S. owner of tony urban property . 
The investment boom is mainly sparked , they say , by strong domestic demand and is n't likely to increase exports sharply . 
Finnish government officials are negotiating with creditors of Waertsilae Marine Oy , a major shipyard that filed for bankruptcy protection this week , amid confusion and mounting doubts that collapse of the nation 's entire shipbuilding industry can be averted . 
Traders said program activity was n't in evidence through most of the session , however , and Big Board volume dropped to 155,650,000 shares from about 238 million Tuesday as concerns about the potential for additional sharp swings in the market kept other trading in check . 
Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System , for example , has about $ 130 million invested in a fund of 244 companies that are either Pennsylvania-based or have 25 % of their work forces in the state . 
Texaco , thinking in terms of $ 18-to-$19 oil for 1990 , may raise spending , especially for low-risk prospects , an official says . 
In contrast to previous economic booms , Japanese auto companies are n't just trying to boost production . 
By 1982 , however , the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed , permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system , which it did . 
You may be hearing more about the 38-year-old Mr. McDonough and his preoccupation with clean air . 
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70 % of the facility . 
Some will likely be offered severance packages while others will be transferred to overseas operations . 
Sometimes , they 'll choose Ragu spaghetti sauce ; other times , it will be Prego . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The spokesman refused to comment on speculation that Industrial Equity might use its interest as a platform to launch a hostile bid for the company . 
The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment , and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call . 
The curator , 27-year-old Sherman Krisher of Greenwich , Conn. , had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum . 
Only at the moment of maximum roll did I grasp what was going on . 
Hokkaido Takushoku Bank ( Japan ) -- 300 million Swiss francs of notes and bonds due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.375 % coupon at par via Swiss Bank Corp . 
Both movies are infused with the nostalgic sensibility of someone much older , someone who does n't dismiss dreams , but who also has enough experience to see his limits . 
While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said . 
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios . 
The favorite remains Fernando Collor de Mello , a 40-year-old former governor of the state of Alagoas . 
A $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by House-Senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
The suit alleges that Ms. Levine was fired after she refused to accept a lower paying , less visible job upon reaching her sixth month of pregnancy . 
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier . 
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco . 
Mr. Pissocra , 56 years old , will be responsible for the company 's 10 banks in the Eastern region . 
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
The Goodman is offering a modernized version of Moliere 's `` The Misanthrope '' through Nov. 4 . 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines . 
But the higher mortgage ceiling is only the starter kit for what Senator Alan Cranston and Majority Leader George Mitchell have in mind for housing . 
`` There will be a lot of malice . '' 
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . '' 
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising . 
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished . 
Americans are drinking less , but young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits . 
Michael F. Harris , 53 , was named executive vice president , North America , for the Financial Times , the business newspaper published by this company that also has interests in book publishing , fine china , oil services and investment banking . 
People like Pa do exist , of course . 
In the Manager 's Journal , Atsushi Kageyama , in commenting on many differences between American and Japanese culture , said , `` Japanese children are raised in a way many Americans would find severe . 
And even though employees paid the bill , taxpayers grumbled . 
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down . 
Myrtle Beach , S.C . 
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.75 % in 2000 . 
However , on balance , the charity game helps America . 
Strong farmer selling over the weekend also weighed on prices . 
Stronger results from the company 's broadcast and cable television units and professional and textbook publishing divisions , plus increased advertising at the company 's largest newspaper , the Los Angeles Times , offset advertising declines in the company 's newspapers in the Eastern U.S. , the company said . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Olin closed at $ 58.50 a share , down 25 cents . 
Naturally , the principals ' union loves building tenure , and tenure has withstood previous challenge . 
Yesterday 's statement did n't say whether the Japanese companies will acquire Qintex 's remaining stake in the resorts . 
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain . 
Most of the measures would probably only start to have an effect on beleaguered Soviet consumers in two to three years at the earliest . 
The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market . 
Excluding those businesses , earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation for 1988 would have been $ 728.5 million . 
This means that the maximum yearly Social Security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 250.80 next year to $ 3,855.60 . 
Meanwhile , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission said it was considering launching an investigation into whether the bid , the equivalent of less than a penny , violates anti-monopoly laws . 
Thomas V. Reese Sr . Maui Banana Co . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it earned $ 3.1 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 2.4 million , or 41 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers . 
He said that American Telephone & Telegraph , MCI Communications Corp. , Rochester Telephone Corp. and IBM itself would likely be Digital 's subcontractors on the project . 
Indeed , British Air seemed to be distancing itself from the troubled transaction early in an effort to avoid any further embarrassment . 
Imports rose sharply in the period , to $ 5.19 billion from $ 4.04 billion a year earlier , a change of 28 % . 
The study will support arguments against capping carbon-dioxide emissions that Japan will make at a U.N.-backed conference on atmospheric pollution next month . 
The government is projecting a # 14 billion surplus for the fiscal year . 
The Cambodian horror was so bad that the Vietnamese occupation in 1978 was a perverse form of relief . 
The industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality and part strategy . 
Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups . 
`` They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... . 
Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place . 
U.S. officials said the plan was flexible , and was intended as a pragmatic approach for gradually removing trade-distorting subsidies . 
When the announcement came out , `` I picked up the phone and said , ` Why do n't you come to us ? ' '' Mr. Spielvogel said . 
He and Mr. Roderick were even dining out together . 
Money , such as in Recruit 's political donations , and women , as in the cases of Prime Minister Sosuke Uno and Secretary General Tokuo Yamashita , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan . 
Computer Associates International Inc. reported earnings for the second quarter , ended Sept. 30 , plummeted 66 % , primarily because of the acquisition of Cullinet Software Inc . 
The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes . 
In 1985 , the Medical Tribune reported that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation . 
CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas , often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon , which is compressed to liquid form to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment . 
Since then , at least two commercial versions have been put on the U.S. market , and an estimated 500 have been sold . 
He visited the Hugo devastation but not until after local leaders urged him to do so . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
When President Bush travels to Costa Rica today , he 'll go with little of the fanfare that accompanies many of his foreign travels . 
They do indeed want their own nation . 
Alice Fixx , who runs her own public-relations concern in New York , says she has had to overhaul her pension and profit-sharing plans three times in the past three years . 
In the recent Housing and Urban Development Department scandal , for example , Rep. Thomas Lantos , the California Democrat who led the hearings , tiptoed through embarrassing disclosures about HUD grants secured by Sen. Alfonse D'Amato , a New York Republican . 
Still , the combined profit of Ford , Chrysler Corp. and General Motors Corp. fell 44 % to $ 1.02 billion from $ 1.83 billion a year earlier , excluding a one-time gain of $ 309 million at Chrysler from the sale of Mitsubishi Motors Corp. stock . 
The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe . 
But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals . 
For the nine months , the electronics and defense concern had net of $ 255.8 million , or $ 2.70 a share , down 5.6 % from $ 271 million , or $ 3.01 a share , in the year-ago period . 
SA Brewing , an Australian brewer , last Thursday was given approval to acquire an option for up to 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp . 
Since March , exports have been virtually flat . 
A.G. Edwards & Sons runs training classes and looks for experienced brokers . 
They said the president conceded the notification requirement did n't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month 's Panama coup effort . 
And today , many of their children , grandchildren and great-grandchildren remain on welfare . 
Harken , which owns about 800 retail gas stations , has said it is particularly interested in Tesoro 's refinery because it would fill a gap in its business . 
The latest third-quarter volume also compares with a very strong 10 % growth in the year-ago quarter . 
One man wrapped several diamonds in the knot of his tie . 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
Prices peaked at $ 1,150,000 in September 1987 . 
His theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him . 
According to some analysts familiar with the negotiations , the 10 % of equity would come directly from Donaldson Lufkin and a fund affiliated with the investment bank Blackstone Group , which would reduce their CNW equity holdings by 5 % each . 
Such bonds , she says , are those that are nearing their call date . 
Scott E. Thomas says the plans give employees `` a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer 's treasury '' in exchange for the political donation . 
GDP is the total value of a nation 's output of goods and services . 
MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay $ 93 million and nearly 1.8 million common shares to buy 117 acres of land along the Las Vegas , Nev. , Strip as a site for its planned movie-studio and theme-park resort . 
It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear . 
The `` Major Events '' strategy , Mr. Pilson says , is designed to notch a place for CBS on the crowded TV dial of the 1990s . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5990 , up from $ 1.5920 late Wednesday . 
Advertisers are showing interest . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
`` This is one thing I was never aware of , '' he says . 
But Mr. Corr , a stunt pilot in his spare time , was understood to be frustrated by what he regarded as limited freedom under Mr. Lorenzo . 
As a result of the adhesive problem on the Ford Escort subcompacts , windshields may easily separate from the car during frontal impact , the U.S. auto maker said . 
Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services unit said it cut off Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley , Oppenheimer and General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit . 
Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry or actually are harmful to the exchanges , the industry and ultimately the general public . 
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around . 
But , they say , people should n't try to be traders , who buy and sell in an effort to ride the latest economic trend or catch the next hot stock . 
Southam agreed to sell its 47 % stake in Selkirk Communications Ltd. , a broadcasting concern , to Maclean Hunter Ltd. for about C$ 285 million last year . 
All other countries registered support below 50 % . 
Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park . 
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment . 
Deposits are n't expected to exceed withdrawals in the foreseeable future , as the industry continues to shrink . 
Shareholders will also receive one cent per share for the redemption of preferred stock purchase rights . 
but worries about 1990 . 
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs . 
But he said ice samples from Peru , Greenland and Antarctica all show substantial signs of warming . 
Kennametal Inc. said it intends to acquire J&L America Inc. for $ 44 million plus a consideration of as much as an additional $ 12 million , payable over five years . 
So far , Nissan 's new-model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential . 
`` There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits filed on behalf of 156 people killed in a 1987 crash , but claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued , a federal judge said . 
Mr. Foret , 44 , is a 15-year veteran of Texas Air and Texas International Airlines , its predecessor . 
They were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
Although the five-year strategy may be excellent , what will be the strategy in 25 years ? 
Several outfits -- including the Financial Programs , Franklin , and T. Rowe Price mutual-fund groups and the Edward D. Jones brokerage house -- are advertising `` college planner '' tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside regularly . 
According to Chinese customs figures , import growth has slowed in recent months , dropping to 16 % in July and 7.1 % in August from the year-earlier periods , compared with an average growth rate of 26 % in the first half . 
Last week CBS Inc. canceled `` The People Next Door . '' 
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA-insured loans . 
She keeps track of the rest of her hats by stapling Polaroid snapshots to the outside of each hatbox . 
`` For some time , we had forecast negative third - and fourth-quarter growth . 
Here are details of yesterday 's three-month and six-month bill auction : 
He was only the sixth federal judge ever ousted from office after an impeachment trial . 
Corporate bonds were unchanged . 
The buildup is `` making Japan clearly more efficient , more technologically advanced and more competitive , '' declares a Western diplomat in Tokyo . 
Newspapers are full of headlines about companies defaulting on their debts and banks writing off real estate loans . 
It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period . 
We lived in rural areas many years , but now live in St. Louis County , Mo . 
Though the assassination ban is a White House order that Congress never voted on , the intelligence committees can exercise influence over its interpretation . 
Median family income was $ 32,191 , down 0.2 % . 
Yesterday , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Dean Witter all increased the proportion of assets they recommend investors commit to stocks . 
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities . 
( Another much-beloved saying , however , this one in plain English , holds that if something walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it is a duck . 
The new structure would be similar to a recapitalization in which holders get a special dividend yet retain a controlling ownership interest . 
Sen. Dixon held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of discimination in mortgage lending . 
The guidelines also state , `` The government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
Mrs. Coleman 's husband , Joseph , a physician , succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968 . 
`` The supply is not a constraint to the market , '' said Samuel Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc . 
An ill-mannered mountain ? 
But now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock . 
Since the hurricane , Midway Airlines Inc. and American Airlines , a unit of AMR Corp. , trimmed their one-way fares to the Virgin Islands to $ 109 from prices that were at times double that before the storm . 
Last week , when her appeal was argued before the Missouri Court of Appeals , her lawyer also relied on the preamble . 
Nervous investors continued to limit their buying to blue-chip stocks while dumping takeover-related issues . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Baxter closed at $ 22.25 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
First Unilever , the Anglo-Dutch packaged-goods giant , spent $ 2 billion to acquire brands such as Faberge and Elizabeth Arden . 
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise . 
The pound , which had been trading at about $ 1.6143 in New York prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement , sank more than two cents to $ 1.5930 , prompting the Federal Reserve Bank to buy pounds for dollars . 
These are not the actions of a development agency wed to central planning and to the concentration of investment decisions in the hands of government , as Mr. Roberts alleges . 
`` But it 's not mediocre , it 's a real problem . '' 
Profit rose 38 % at American Express Information Services to $ 21.6 million . 
Still , proponents may be shying away from more drumbeating because they sense political tides have turned against arming the Nicaraguan rebels or boosting spending on SDI -- particularly when the public perceives the Soviet threat is declining under Mikhail Gorbachev . 
Four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval . 
It expects any impact on its business to be slight . 
Armstrong expects to close the sale of the color unit in late November and the carpet sale in December , with the gains to be applied to fourth quarter or first-quarter results . 
Alaskan and Coast Guard officials say Exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant was n't working anyway . 
But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years . 
But Mr. Foley predicted few economic policy changes ahead , commenting that Mr. Major shares `` a very similar view of the world '' with Mr. Lawson . 
4 . Impose standard accounting and administrative practices . 
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . ) 
There is simply no way to engineer a succession covertly , as is sometimes possible elsewhere on the continent . 
While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink . 
General Dynamics appealed to the high court , backed by numerous business trade groups , arguing that the appeals court definition restricts the defense too severely . 
Mellon has 36.6 million shares outstanding . 
`` They had to do it . '' 
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning : You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you . 
Late in the New York trading day , the dollar was quoted at 1.8578 marks , up from 1.8470 marks late Thursday in New York . 
On Asia-Pacific prosperity : `` If America can keep up the present situation -- her markets open for another 15 years , with adjustments , and Japan can grow and not cut back , and so too , Korea , Taiwan , Hong Kong , Singapore , ASEAN , Australia and New Zealand -- then in 15 years , the economies of these countries would be totally restructured to be able to almost sustain growth by themselves . '' 
He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance and less on glitz . 
The opposition charged that the money was used to bribe Indian government officials , an allegation denied by Mr. Gandhi 's administration . 
The U.S. futures exchanges compete world-wide as never before . 
`` We have obtained through the development of Cosmos { the Soviet space program } technologies you do n't see anywhere else . '' 
Because of the quake threat , `` some firms have evaluated what the cost is to shore up their buildings and compared it with the cost of building it elswehere , '' he said . 
State housing prices , at a median $ 201,028 , have declined in recent months because of potential buyers ' inability to afford homes . 
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . 
Britain 's Serious Fraud Office said it will investigate the circumstances surrounding alleged phantom contracts at Ferranti International Signal PLC 's International Signal & Control unit . 
In its report to Congress on international economic policies , the Treasury said that any improvement in the broadest measure of trade , known as the current account , `` is likely at best to be very modest , '' and `` the possibility of deterioration in the current account next year can not be excluded . '' 
Time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining Tele-Communications as investors in Showtime , cable-TV industry executives say . 
But analysts say Sansui is a special case . 
On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues . 
Most of the owners must pay up to 10 % of gross ticket sales for leases on stadiums they say are either too small or too old . 
The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 . 
She was as cool as a cucumber . 
The drop marked the largest monthly tumble since a 19 % slide in January 1982 . 
In the Bush White House , the size of the NSC 's staff of professional officers is down to about 50 from about 70 in 1987 , administration officials say . 
Earlier this year , Time even discussed bringing Tele-Communications in as an investor in HBO , executives at both companies said . 
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
They observe that persistent Japanese investor demand for dollars for both portfolio and direct investment has kept a base of support for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again . 
Many small investors went for the safety of money market funds . 
He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S. , possibly at the 1990 summit . 
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ? 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 3\/32 , compared with 101 17\/32 Friday . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , UAL closed at $ 168.50 a share , down $ 21.625 . 
If a strike ever hits the Met , the company can still sell tickets to his `` Boheme '' and `` Turandot '' and boom out recordings ( of another era ) . 
Economists had expected a $ 9.1 billion gap . 
NBC 's comedy had aired Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. and in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind the Jamie Lee Curtis comedy `` Anything But Love '' on ABC and CBS 's one-hour drama `` Jake and the Fatman . '' 
Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent and travel , but a smaller portion is owed to senior executives and others for management services . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But so far , most potential participants have n't decided . 
Imports of crude from the Middle East grew 17 % from year-earlier levels , and Southeast Asian crude imports grew 43 % . 
Mr. Bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be agonizing over the issue as it is that he seems to vacillate on it . 
`` To me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago . '' 
About the same time , the Iran-Iraq war , which was roiling oil markets , ended . 
As a result , Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government is n't currently expected to ease interest rates before next spring , if then . 
Authorities at London 's Heathrow Airport are investigating the disappearance of a Paul Gauguin watercolor , `` Young Tahitian Woman in a Red Pareo , '' that has two sketches on its verso ( opposite ) side . 
He could n't be reached for comment . 
And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium . 
Reflecting the new-found interest , more than 140 U.S. companies are taking part in a Moscow exhibition organized by Mr. Forrester 's trade group . 
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender . 
Mr. Thal says that Elizabeth Taylor , a client , `` hates being called ` Liz . ' ... 
The Soviets have a world-leading space program , the guests noted . 
As the stock market bounced back , withdrawals of money from stock funds amounted to a mere trickle compared with Black Monday , when investors dumped $ 2.3 billion , or about 2 % of stock-fund assets . 
It works . 
The chair is a way to package massage . '' 
Some traders point out that as the big brokerage firms back out of program trading for their own accounts or for clients , opportunities increase for others to engage in the controversial practice . 
The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 329.2 million from $ 320 million . 
Last May , a government panel released a report on the extent and causes of the problem . 
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations . 
This { Wednesday } morning the San Mateo bridge was open and now we are informed that it is closed , '' Mr. Schumacher said . 
Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. complained that Japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities . 
Salomon Brothers confirmed that it has had a buy recommendation on the stock for about two years . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 . 
Industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Also , chemicals sales were slightly down because of lower prices for vinyl chloride monomer and other chlorine derivatives . 
I am waiting . 
GE , which vehemently denies the government 's allegations , denounced Mr. Greenfield 's suit . 
The $ 833.6 million figures includes the new acquisitions . 
His other agreements to promote products have expired . 
But there still are a few ways today 's traveler can qualify under the airline 's many restrictions . 
Why the revolt ? 
Municipal bonds ended unchanged to as much as 1\/2 point higher while mortgage-backed securities were up about 1\/8 point . 
The DAX index closed at 1466.29 , up only 3.36 . 
When Mr. Gandhi came to power , he ushered in new rules for business . 
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement . 
For instance , it releases Mr. Sisulu without conditions , yet his son , Zwelakhe , a newspaper editor , is restricted to his home much of the day and is n't allowed to work as a journalist . 
Since trading as low as $ 42.25 a share in May , Federal 's shares have rallied as high as $ 57.87 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
His attorneys claim he was framed by the FBI and New York police as part of a campaign to destroy the black liberation movement of the 1960s . 
International Business Machines Corp. and MCA Inc. said they agreed to sell their Discovision Associates joint venture to U.S. units of Pioneer Electronic Corp. for $ 200 million . 
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
We recall that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to Hurricane Hugo . 
Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings . 
Traders are especially sensitive to reports of possible U.S. soybean sales because U.S. exports are lagging . 
Warnaco was taken private by Spectrum Group in 1986 for about $ 487 million . 
These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam . 
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans . 
In 1971 , the FDA banned the use of DES after studies linked it to cancer and other problems in daughters of women who took the drug . 
Some want lower limits on house sizes ; others insist on progressively higher taxation for larger homes and lots . 
Eagle Clothes Inc. , which is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , said it reached an agreement with its creditors . 
If human beings ca n't cut federal spending honestly -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
International copyright secured . 
Usually when a Japanese company is ready to sell , it has few alternatives remaining , and the grim demeanors of Sansui 's directors at a joint news conference here left little doubt that this was not the company 's finest hour . 
The Dorrance estate , auctioned off in a series of sales held over four days , included porcelains , furniture and paintings . 
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 . 
`` Next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now . '' 
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares . 
Mr. Fabi would n't say directly whether Mr. Pattison has disclosed potential terms for his planned bid for control . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's consolidated debt totals 6.9 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 5.32 billion ) , including A$ 1.6 billion of bonds convertible into shares . 
They say that 's especially important this late in the growth phase of the economic cycle , when there 's no robust bull market to bail investors out of their mistakes . 
Insider selling is not unusual at Dun & Bradstreet ; in fact , the recent pace of selling is just about average for the company , according to figures compiled by Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , firm that specializes in tracking and analyzing SEC insider filings . 
Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars . 
Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month . 
The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization . 
His boss complained about neglect of other chores . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
At this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value . 
But by the time Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done . 
Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free . 
South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes . 
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 . 
Mercedes-Benz also agreed to pay taxes owed for the years 1986 through 1988 , Mr. Kidder added . 
Production of factory equipment , one indication of the strength of manufacturers ' investment spending , fell 0.3 % . 
When they did , the firm reduced those stock holdings to about 70 % . 
`` If Webster had n't happened , you would n't be here , '' Linda Bowker tells a reporter in the Trenton office of the National Organization for Women . 
Volume was an active 643.3 million shares , about double the recent levels but down from 959.3 million the previous day , which U.K. traders have dubbed `` Manic Monday . '' 
The Palace , with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers , is already well-known for its Caesarean theme . 
Debate on the legislation , which faces a veto threat from President Bush , is to continue today . 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
The best team won this Series , which is more unusual than it may sound . 
Perhaps Mr. Greve was confused by Congress 's meaningless statement of `` the national goal '' in section 101 , which indeed calls for the elimination of discharges -- by 1985 , no less . 
Presumably , UAL is now trading closer to its value based on earnings . 
The other party could continue on the traditional track of the LDP , representing the manufacturers ' preference for larger government , control , regulation and protectionism . 
The weaker he gets , the more he turns toward the U.S. for help . 
At that point , the junk market went into a tailspin as buyers disappeared and investors tried to sell . 
Washington Red Delicious , by the way , are wholesaling for less than $ 10 a box these days . 
Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends . 
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share . 
Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit . 
The equity arrangement apparently would allow bondholders to buy a total of 10 % of the stock of CNW Corp. , Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
Business had been fairly strong until Hurricane Hugo hit the area , but has been down since . 
Automatic Data is redeeming the bonds because the after-tax cost of the interest on the bonds is higher than the dividend yield on the common , a spokesman said . 
Sales rose 11 % to $ 7.73 billion from $ 6.94 billion . 
But even Mr. Boren defends congressional oversight . 
Cie . Financiere de Paribas said it intends to transfer its 30 % shareholding in Societe Commerciale to a new company which will be jointly owned with Lonrho . 
Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them . 
If there is no law against it , do it . 
So far , Mr. Greenspan 's cautious approach to policy has served both him and the nation well . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Ford Motor Co. reported a 21.2 % drop in sales of domestic-made cars to 46,995 and a 24.2 % drop in domestic trucks to 31,143 . 
Ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators . 
`` That 's a problem because cash is n't earning us very much money , '' Mr. Bianchi says . 
They have since mellowed , although one senior Young & Rubicam executive , echoing others , said : `` I think ad agencies owe Carl { Spielvogel } a vote of thanks for getting him out of the consulting business . '' 
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday . 
As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies . 
While the SDI anti-missile program recently awarded W.J. Schafer two contracts totaling $ 13.4 million , ERC 's chairman and founder , Jack Aalseth , says he bought the company `` more for its technology than its customer . '' 
Asked about the possibility of greater economic cooperation among Asia-Pacific nations , which will be discussed Nov. 6 and 7 at a ministerial meeting in Canberra , Mr. Lee said the goal `` is to have a free and open world trading system . '' 
Of the funds that fared the worst in the post-Oct . 13 week , two are heavily invested in airlines stocks , which led the market slide following problems with financing for the UAL Corp . buy-out plan . 
But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more and $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions and three Marine brigades could unload from all those new ships and aircraft and go to war in the Zagros mountains . 
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies . 
J.C. PENNEY Co. , Dallas , said it issued $ 350 million of securities backed by credit-card receivables . 
Inland Chairman Frank W. Luerssen said the company 's short-term outlook is `` clouded by uncertainties in the economy and financial markets . '' 
Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape . 
Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re-entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . 
`` But he may not have a choice . '' 
Bethlehem had little choice but to go with a European steelmaker , because its competitors already have tapped the Japanese and South Korean industry leaders , analysts noted . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber tumbled 2 7\/8 to 43 7\/8 . 
The recession , that is . 
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 . 
When he sells it , he says , the Cowboys will move to a more practical -- read affordable -- grass practice field near Texas Stadium . 
The FCC `` did n't say I could n't do it again , '' he said . 
New Product News says the beverage `` looks like ginger ale , tastes a little like cherries and smells like bubble gum . '' ... 
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . '' 
Futures rallied modestly . 
New Zealand 's finance minister , David Caygill , lashed out at such suggestions . 
The four-wheel-drive vehicles start at $ 15,000 ; a Family can cost over $ 25,000 . 
Chase had purchased an option to buy the building at One New York Plaza for an undisclosed sum from the late Sol Atlas as part of its original lease in 1970 . 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
The program , which runs through Jan. 4 , also offers low-rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate . 
Two Japanese scientists said they discovered an antibody that , in laboratory test-tube experiments , kills AIDS-infected cells while preserving healthy cells . 
Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them . 
Boeing has said repeatedly it wo n't expand its offer and the machinists have responded that the offer is n't good enough . 
ATHLONE INDUSTRIES Inc. said that on Dec. 21 it will redeem $ 10 million face amount of its $ 59.3 million of 15.625 % subordinated notes outstanding , due June 1 , 1991 . 
A special committee of United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board . 
The White House has decided to seek changes in pesticide law that are aimed at speeding the removal of harmful chemicals from the food supply . 
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association . 
State law enforcers can barely keep up with charity scams , and reports from watchdog groups such as the Council of Better Business Bureaus are not encouraging . 
Total value of the contract could be $ 100 million , Helionetics said , and work on the project would be about evenly divided . 
The 31-year-old homemaker adds , `` The only other thing I 'm really loyal to is my Virginia Slims cigarettes . 
I have felt many aftershocks . 
He withdrew the remark . 
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry . 
A survey contained in the 291-page report , `` Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , '' found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a `` right '' -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year . 
Microsoft earned $ 3.03 a share in fiscal 1989 . 
The unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry 's desire not to have its credibility tarnished by potentially widespread trading defaults on Monday . 
`` People come to us saying they 'd like to be back where they were a few years ago , in a more collegial atmosphere , with less tension , '' says Stephen Waterhouse , managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd. , a financial district head-hunting firm . 
The company deliberately understaffs , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit . 
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc . 
Industry executives said Philip Morris had asked the other agencies to create campaigns in a bid to stop the brand 's slipping market share . 
An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up frogs , Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things . '' 
Federal drug regulators , concerned over British reports that diabetics have died after shifting from animal to human-based insulin , say they are considering a study to see if similar deaths have occurred here . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul . 
The move also helps the Rochester , N.Y. , photographic giant ensure that its motion-picture film business -- for which it holds a virtual monopoly , supplying every Hollywood movie company -- is n't made obsolete by the upstart HDTV business . 
A poll of South Koreans showed overwhelming opposition to efforts to curb dog-meat consumption just because it offends foreigners . 
In major market activity : Stock prices surged in heavy trading . 
Exports declined for the second consecutive month in August , slipping 0.2 % to $ 30.41 billion , the Commerce Department reported . 
That was seen as an advantage in lobbying airline employees and Washington regulators for approval of the contested takeover . 
They eat `` sinful and sensual things '' -- and explain their clips . 
Truckers are `` trying to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting , forget about market share and go for higher rates , '' said Michael Lloyd , an analyst at Salomon Bros . 
Foreign Presence 
He said 13,000 more copies were sent to Estonia because of strong sales . 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1,400,000 common shares , via Dillon Read & Co . 
Ciba-Geigy intends to develop the Ciba Corning unit into a `` substantial business , '' making the unit an `` integral part '' of Ciba-Geigy 's `` comprehensive disease management concept . 
But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest . 
But traders said the junk bond market increasingly is separating into a top-tier group , in which trades can be executed easily , and a larger group of lower-quality bonds in which liquidity -- or the ability to trade without too much difficulty -- has steadily deteriorated this year . 
Brokers around the country say the reaction from individual investors this week has been almost eerie . 
The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a `` middle way '' between the extremes of success and failure , wealth and poverty . 
Entertainment and media stocks generally escaped the market 's slide as well . 
Champion International said , `` We 've gotten our costs down and we 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been . '' 
It just means that Hong Kong would become a less exciting place . '' 
`` Unless the market goes to 19 million units -- which we all know it 's not going to do -- we have the inescapable fact that the transplants are adding capacity , '' Mr. Lutz said last month . 
It is a peaceful time in this part of western India . 
American Medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers . 
This is just not so . 
The Big Board reported that short interest dropped to 523,920,214 shares as of Oct. 13 from 547,347,585 shares in mid-September . 
`` They 're thrashing around for diversification , '' he says . 
`` If futures are n't permitted here , we 'll take it to Australia or Tokyo . '' 
The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called `` notebook '' PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor . 
Pennzoil had sued Texaco for improperly interfering with its acquisition of a portion of Getty Oil Co . 
For everyone involved , it 's one more swig of that elixir of youth , baseball . 
Ingersoll President Robert M. Jelenic said in a statement that the company is `` delighted by the conclusion of the Goodson relationship '' and will be able to `` concentrate all our energies '' on Ingersoll 's own papers . 
Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives , and Sony also is studying the field , Mr. Claridge said . 
Both Citicorp and Manufacturers Hanover reported earnings yesterday . 
The Belgian consumer price index rose a provisional 0.1 % in October from the previous month and was up 3.64 % from October 1988 , the Ministry of Economic Affairs said . 
The venture would be the latest in Coke 's rapid expansion of overseas investment . 
Long-term Treasury bonds ended slightly higher . 
The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter . 
Lawmakers scrapped all of a $ 7.4 million State Department request for the 1992 Expo in Seville , Spain , but agreed elsewhere to $ 15,000 for an oil portrait of former Chief Justice Warren Burger . 
`` There are no commercials to make up for since we 're going to eventually broadcast the World Series , '' said a network spokesman . 
Too bad theory fails in practice . 
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit-card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR . 
It did n't work . 
Elsewhere in the chemicals sector , Dow Chemical fell 1 1\/4 to 97 1\/2 , Monsanto lost 1 7\/8 to 118 , B.F. Goodrich slipped 2 1\/4 to 44 3\/4 and Olin slid 1 to 57 3\/4 . 
`` The resignation came as a great surprise . '' 
While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened , I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can . 
He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups ; Syria is pushing Ahmad Jibril , whose terrorist band is blamed for the Pan Am 103 bombing , as an alternative to Arafat . 
Recall that Nicaragua 's Sandinistas came into Managua as partners in a coalition government with anti-Somoza moderates . 
Transport giant TNT , which owns half of one of the country 's two major domestic carriers , said the cost of the dispute had been heavy , cutting TNT 's profits 70 % to $ 12 million in the three months to Sept. 30 . 
The Tokyo maker of ceramic capacitors said it purchased a plant in Plymouth . 
There was some profit-taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said . 
Valley National lost 1 3\/8 to 17 1\/8 on volume of 1.9 million shares . 
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures . 
Cynthia Strickland as the long-suffering Varvara is a tiresome whiner , not the inspirational counterrevolutionary Gorky intended . 
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP . 
And oh , yes . 
They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good . 
Viatech makes flexible packaging films and machinery , and materials for the food and pharmaceutical industries . 
Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat , and sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % . 
`` It 's important to share the risk and even more so when the market has already peaked . '' 
Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned , directly or indirectly , by the Vatican bank . 
This bacterium produces a toxin that , if used as a vaccine , can induce immunity to whooping cough . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
`` I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , '' says Steven Greenberg , publisher of Fame . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Other furriers have also placed more weight on retailing . 
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals . 
Until it was closed Tuesday , it had provided the quickest series of exits for commuters from the Bay Bridge heading into the Financial District . 
Ted Eubank , Coda 's president , said the loan carries an interest rate of prime plus one percentage point , with 85 % of the company 's net oil and gas revenue each month dedicated to repayment . 
Microsoft added 2 1\/8 to 81 3\/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1\/2 to 23 1\/4 . 
But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies they use for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies . 
Companies that piled on debt in leveraged buy-outs during the past two years `` will continue to surface as business problems . '' 
Net income , however , rose 3.7 % to 107.87 billion yen from 103.98 billion yen . 
The package was brought to the House just 15 days after it was introduced , indicating Congress 's eagerness to reward Poland and Hungary for their moves toward democracy and freemarket economic reforms . 
No one wants stock on their books . '' 
Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken '' ) -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier this year . 
`` If people are n't buying , you have to close plants , '' he said . 
Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics . 
The investor group owns 1,534,600 Dataproducts common shares , or a 7.6 % stake . 
Michael wo n't confirm the identities of any Easy Egg customers , nor will it say much of anything else . 
Unlike Mr. Honecker , who tended to lecture people about socialist values , Mr. Krenz enjoys asking questions . 
By his own account , Mr. Dozen did n't do much better with U.S. bonds . 
Fed officials probably wo n't drive down rates immediately , Mr. Keith said . 
The quake and baseball were n't related , unlike the massacre of athletes that attended the 1972 Olympics . 
Still , the restructuring could create one of the most powerful alliances between advertising and media-buying firms that Europe has seen . 
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co . 
The oboist Heinz Holliger has taken a hard line about the problem : He commissions and splendidly interprets fearsome contemporary scores and does some conducting , so he does n't have to play the same Mozart and Strauss concertos over and over again . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
`` I 'm one of them who hope they will , with $ 6 billion in debt on the books . 
`` We had heard from people who had n't been active '' for a long time . 
Copper has been stuck in a trading range of $ 1.19 to $ 1.34 . 
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects . 
Prices of high-yield , high-risk corporate securities ended unchanged . 
It 's a valid approach , but it puts a heavy burden on the director to show an uncommon degree of imagination and taste . 
Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Petrie said that on Oct. 26 Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Mr. Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares . 
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd . 
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy . 
Despite Mr. Sumita 's statements , it is the Finance Ministry , not the central bank , that makes policy decisions . 
The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit and Maxwell Graphics . 
Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday . 
Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. lost its second recent arbitration case involving a former bond-trading executive . 
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % . 
Japan 's biggest computer maker last week undercut seven competitors to win a contract to design a mapping system for the city of Hiroshima 's waterworks . 
Many investors give Michael Foods about as much chance of getting it together as Humpty Dumpty . 
Investors were buying yesterday , but they were running scared to premier blue chips such as Procter & Gamble , which jumped 3 3\/8 to 127 . 
`` People hate to write , '' he says . 
Analysts have predicted strong pent-up demand for the new line among Digital 's customers . 
In a move apparently aimed at heading off new punitive legislation , Mr. Deng sent an indirect signal to Washington via T.D. Lee , a Columbia University physicist who met Mr. Deng and other Chinese leaders in Beijing last month . 
In addition , on Jan. 1 , Thomas A. Bennett , 52 , will become vice chairman and chief operating officer of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust , filling a vacancy left by the retired Hans W. Wanders in April . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. became the latest major U.S. bank to increase reserves for its loans to less-developed countries , making a $ 1.6 billion third-quarter addition to its provision . 
Mr. Rey says the move is yet another example of his conservatism . 
Aeroflot carried about 125 million passengers last year , and Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights and 250,000 passengers pass through . 
In years past , the ad industry 's most distinguished executives did n't hesitate to excorciate Mr. Achenbaum . 
Moreover , as a member of the Mitsubishi group , which is headed by one of Japan 's largest banks , it is sure to win a favorable loan . 
Please make me and thousands of other readers more comfortable with our daily purchase of your newspaper by raising your environmental standards to your overall impeccable quality levels , and increase your use of recycled paper . 
Still , investors will take some convincing before they get back into IBM 's stock in a big way . 
That 's a significant change from earlier this year when the plant worked substantial overtime only to have sales fall short of the company 's bullish expectations . 
`` If you look at 75 years worth of investment history -- including the Great Depression and every bear market since -- stocks have outperformed almost everything an individual could have owned by a long shot , '' says Barry Berlin , vice president at First Wachovia Capital Management . 
Instead , Mr. Vinson says , interviews with thousands of jurors reveal that they start with firmly entrenched attitudes and try to shoe-horn the facts of the case to fit their views . 
After an internal investigation , the company found that senior officials used a variety of schemes to fabricate sales gains , including counting shipments of bricks and defective drives as sales . 
Mr. Achenbaum , who had been considering paring down his firm or merging it with another small consulting outfit , soon agreed . 
One thing is certain , however : Mr. Corry , while studying other options , probably wo n't make a major move until he 's clear about Mr. Icahn 's intentions . 
At that point investors may face a long , bumpy ride . 
It was the first management change since film-makers Daniel Grodnik and Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March . 
It 's hardly astonishing ( given the men 's track record ) that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
His selection increases the size of the board to 12 members . 
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation . 
For the nine months , Georgia-Pacific 's earnings increased 49 % to $ 504 million , or $ 5.58 a share , from $ 338 million , or $ 3.41 a share . 
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention . 
The Tennessee Valley Authority issued $ 4 billion in bonds in the federal utility 's first public debt offering in 15 years . 
Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze . 
By any measure , third-quarter earnings were still robust , equivalent to a 0.92 % return on assets even excluding tax credits . 
Though the service is available only in California , Telelawyer founder Michael Cane says he plans to franchise it in other states . 
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said . 
More seriously , FmHA has carried several billion dollars of defaulted loans at face value . 
If MGM Grand Inc. proceeds with its plan for an amusement park -- a $ 700 million movieland resort with a working studio , casino and 5,000-room hotel that would become Las Vegas 's biggest -- the investment in the three properties will total some $ 1.6 billion . 
Vista Chemical rose 1 3\/8 to 38 5\/8 after Bear Stearns added the stock to the firm 's buy list , citing recent price weakness . 
The issue , through RCSB 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 100 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % note due July 1991 . 
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
`` The magazine is strong . 
The big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million , or 58 cents a share , from $ 31.7 million , or 36 cents a share , a year earlier . 
By late January , the consensus calls for the dollar to be trading around 1.8200 marks and near 142 yen . 
Is there any empirical support for this theory ? 
Sharon , based in Farrell , Pa. , filed for protection from creditors under the federal Bankruptcy Code in April 1987 . 
Or maybe the TV network would lose nothing . 
Merchants Bank of New York lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share . 
`` It 's not the end of the world if you shake them up a little bit . '' 
The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks , who incur high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors . 
Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 . 
Mr. Glass has inverted the famous modernist dictum `` less is more . '' 
South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable . 
The basic problem of monetary policy , to which reform of the Fed should be addressed , is to prevent a recurrence of this experience . 
One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs . 
He called the battle `` uphill . '' 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
Still , Mr. Birnbaum says his relationship with Guber Peters was `` one of the most successful I 've had in Hollywood . '' 
Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
In the Bell Labs experiments , an MRI-type of machine , synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram , rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off as blood passes a certain point in a vessel . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.50 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.45 % six months . 
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 350 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Greenwich Capital Markets . 
Bell Atlantic posted a strong earnings gain for the third quarter , as did Southern New England Telecommunications . 
Banc One Corp. said Frank E. McKinney plans to retire as the bank holding company 's president effective Jan. 12 . 
`` I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , '' said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky . 
But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo , strikes , and less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments , economists said . 
Exxon Capital , long-rumored to be a potential debt issuer , offered $ 200 million of 10-year notes priced to yield 8.31 % . 
GM 's Pontiac division is offering a turbo-charged V-6 engine on its Grand Prix model , even though it expects to sell only about 4,000 cars equipped with that option . 
In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank , but times have changed . 
Misunderstanding conversations with us , Mr. Tomsho argued that Mr. Redford 's environmental views are at odds with Utah residents . 
Paribas officials , once considered France 's toughest bankers , felt abashed at Suez 's success and its rapid growth . 
The TVA currently plans to issue a total of $ 6.7 billion in bonds to refinance its high-interest debt . 
HDTVs break down images into more than 1,100 lines , compared with 525 for today 's televisions , providing considerably sharper detail . 
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase . 
Third-quarter sales of U.S. credit services were `` disappointingly below sales '' of a year earlier , Dun & Bradstreet said . 
Analysts agree that the price drop should especially benefit the two big tissue makers , Scott Paper and Kimberly-Clark . 
He is also a recovering workaholic , relaxing with his family and creating topiary , or garden-shrub sculpture , a fashionable pursuit for which he developed a passion during his three-year legal ordeal . 
In joining MIPS , Control Data follows several competitors in embracing RISC as a new design approach . 
Tomorrow 's `` On Sports '' column will look at another aspect of the college sports mess . 
The spun-off concern `` clearly will be one of the dominant real estate development companies with a prime portfolio , '' he said . 
HealthVest is in a severe liquidity bind because its affiliate , Healthcare International Inc. , has failed to make about $ 10.6 million in principal and interest payments owed since August . 
Daffynition 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space . 
This Brooklyn , N.Y. , generic-drug maker announced a 5 % stock dividend payable Dec. 15 , to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates . 
`` It 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney Evan Wolfson , whose group forced Trans World Airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent flier awards only to family members . 
It ended at $ 40.125 , down $ 2.375 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` Their approach did n't work ; mine is . 
The dollar weakened in indecisive trading as foreign-exchange dealers awaited fresh economic news that they hope will jolt the U.S. unit out of its narrow ranges . 
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.16 billion from $ 3.13 billion . 
The company said it believes the suit is without merit . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , AT&T shares closed at $ 43.375 , up 87.5 cents . 
SHEDDING GLITTER : 
In London , British Airways Chairman Lord King was quoted in the Times as declaring he is `` not prepared to take my shareholders into a hasty deal . '' 
We 're standing in gasoline , so do n't smoke ! '' 
`` Infiniti has it down to the ashtrays , '' says Jay Ferron , a partner at J.D. Power & Associates , an auto research firm . 
The banking company said it reached an agreement in principle with International Business Machines Corp. on a systems operations contract calling for IBM to operate First Tennessee 's computer and telecommunications functions . 
`` These days , anything can happen . 
Some observers say that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility . 
But massage , no matter how chaste , is still associated in many minds with seedy fronts for prostitution , and that makes some executives nervous . 
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . '' 
`` Each Japanese bank has its own judgment on the profits and risks in that { UAL } deal , '' he said . 
At my hotel , the Westin , power was out , some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else . 
Mr. Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group . 
While Asian markets struggled to cope with the uncertainty caused by the Oct. 13 plunge in New York stock prices , futures trading in Hong Kong was relatively heavy and went smoothly . 
The purchase was made by Rockwell Graphic Systems , a Chicago subsidiary of the El Segundo , Calif. , concern . 
The announcement came as Societe Commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 40 countries , reported a loss of 320.5 million francs ( $ 51 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses . 
Inco 's net fell to $ 129.3 million , or $ 1.23 a share , in the third quarter from $ 200.3 million , or $ 1.88 a share , a year earlier . 
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House . 
Volume totaled 16,800,000 shares . 
Mr. Krenz does n't seem to be the knee-jerk hardliner many initially thought he was when the 52-year-old Politburo member was selected last week to succeed Erich Honecker . 
Then there were two gold watches once owned by Allan Pinkerton , who founded the company in Chicago in 1850 . 
By late last year he was invited back as `` the tire king '' to display his products at a national exhibition . 
The dinner was a stark confirmation that 1989 is the worst year ever for the $ 200 billion junk market . 
Still , Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
What did he think of the Supreme Court 's decision legalizing abortion ? 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
The Soviet newspaper Trud reported that Mickey Mouse will appear in a Russian-language comic book to be issued four times a year by Soviet publisher Fizkultura i Sport and Denmark 's Gutenberghus Group . 
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck . 
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 finished 1\/4 point stronger at 98 1\/2 bid , to yield 7.32 % . 
Britain 's Thatcher summoned senior advisers for strategy talks as opinion polls showed the prime minister 's popularity had hit a record low following the resignation last Thursday of Chancellor of the Exchequer Lawson . 
Not quite , Sen. Leahy contends . 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain , which Campeau has put up for sale . 
Bolinas -- astride the San Andreas Fault . 
Prime Computer plans to dismiss 20 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out . 
The expansion is subject to approval by federal and Wisconsin environmental regulators . 
Analyst James Weil of the Soundview Financial Group believes Dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . '' 
Jumping in on big deals is a high profile way to leapfrog the problem of not having a strong retail-banking network . 
At an inconclusive Geneva meeting late last month , OPEC 's oil ministers halfheartedly approved another increase of one million barrels a day in their production ceiling . 
The mass-market Aziza brand , which it acquired in 1987 along with Chesebrough-Pond 's Inc. , has lost share , according to industry analysts . 
Small businesses say a recent trend is like a dream come true : more-affordable rates for employee-health insurance , initially at least . 
In the quarter ended July 31 , Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding . 
In December , the shuttle Columbia will try to retrieve a satellite that 's been in orbit for nearly five years measuring the deleterious effects of space on materials and instruments . 
The dollar also declined . 
This bias is in no way deliberate . 
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . '' 
Congress has just made it easier for the affluent to qualify for insured loans from the deficit-ridden Federal Housing Administration . 
The segment is soon to be broadcast on the CBS News series `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' thus further blurring the distinction between fiction and reality in TV news . 
Recently , he and others reported that the retinoblastoma suppressor gene may also be involved in some lung cancers , as well as several other more common cancers , too . 
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year . 
The year-ago results , however , included the operations of a bottling business , which was sold last December . 
Banks indicated they were operating at greater than 90 % of their usual capacity , but a Nob Hill hotel said tourists had fled , leaving the previously full hotel with an 80 % vacancy rate . 
Sales were nearly identical to the year-earlier $ 1.36 billion . 
It could work . 
Factory workers on strike knocked Poland 's Communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down . 
The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . 
GM 's Cadillac division , ignoring Detroit 's long-held maxim that safety does n't sell , is airing television commercials touting its cars ' safety features . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks , up from 1.8300 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , up from 141.65 yen late Friday . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales . 
At this point , the Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling . 
`` My own personal opinion is that Don threw in the towel just about the time he should have doubled his bet , '' he says . 
In addition , Mrs. Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income . 
The firm did the trade in seconds on the London stock exchange 's SEAQ automated-quotation system . 
Leveraged funds in particular `` are still extremely vulnerable , because we 're still at the beginning of problems in the junk market , '' says George Foot , a managing partner at Newgate Management Associates in Northampton , Mass . 
Time Warner Inc. recently formed a `` synergy department '' to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine Time 's magazines with Warner products such as videocassettes . 
At the very least , Mr. Jones , who cultivates the society circuit as eagerly as his bench , can take comfort in one fact : These days , he is n't alone . 
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 . 
The company agreed to sell its minority investments in makers of steam-generating and related equipment , Stein Industrie and Energie & Verfahrenstechnik , to the major shareholder in the companies , Dutch-based GEC Alsthom N.V . 
Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term and force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to the Bay Area and California , real-estate and relocation specialists said . 
Yesterday , Mr. Trump tried to put the blame for the collapse of the UAL deal on Congress , saying it was rushing through a bill to protect AMR executives . 
Traders who stand on the pit 's top step , where most customer orders are executed , ca n't trade for themselves . 
The typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute . 
Also , most of the ramps connecting the city to its main link to the south , the 101 freeway , have been closed for repairs . 
The reputed wealth of the Unification Church is another matter of contention . 
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court . 
But the ever-changing laws are usually so complicated and confusing that `` you need professionals to help you ; you ca n't do it yourself , '' he adds . 
The approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which Energy Transportation Systems Inc. sued Santa Fe Pacific Corp. over the transport of semi-liquefied coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes glaze over . 
The entire division employs about 850 workers . 
The graph on the left shows how this happens ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) . 
`` People are placing small bets . 
Five of the six categories of weapons under negotiation have n't even been defined . 
The new S&L law allows the RTC to issue notes for as much as 85 % of the value of the assets it holds . 
Analysts said the results were as expected , but several added that the earnings masked underlying weaknesses in several businesses . 
Armstrong , which has faced a takeover threat from the Belzberg family of Canada since July , said that disposing of the carpet business would improve `` total financial performance . '' 
Millions of refugees would rush home . 
Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986 . 
But several other traders contend investors have overreacted to junk-bond jitters , and that stock prices will continue to recover . 
The largest was the $ 12 billion merger creating Bristol-Myers Squibb Co . 
A report by the staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress released yesterday concluded , `` It is misleading to make this change without adjusting for other changes . '' 
By concentrating all their resources on the pay raise , Wright and Tower , the networks actually overlooked some major stories that showed the flaws and shortcomings of the institution ... . 
The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes `` an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , '' and says that finding an `` appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one . 
Coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel , 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel , 30,000 barrels of naphtha , 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil , 8,000 barrels of asphalt and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock . 
Many Japanese think it only natural that the organizations or their members would donate to politicians , the way many Japanese do , to win favor or support . 
The heightened competition will hit IBM at a difficult time . 
IBM , which Gartner Group said generates 22 % of its revenue in this market , should be able to take advantage of its loyal following among buyers of equipment . 
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
`` All the positive figures on the economy are out already , and people are focusing more on the dangers for next year , mostly the wage talks and the { parliamentary } elections , '' the U.S. trader said . 
Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to `` vanish '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection . 
Here , the experience of New York City is decisive . 
`` Saturday Night '' has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a `` monster '' and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York . 
`` Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the { Federal Reserve } in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system , which helped the stock market rebound on Monday , '' he said . 
Sun posted a gain . 
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders . 
After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
Although British Air is waiting to see what the buy-out group comes up with , Mr. Stevens said a revised transaction with less debt leverage is likely to be more attractive to banks . 
Time Warner declined comment . 
Hells Angels was formed in 1948 and incorporated in 1966 . 
The gross national product report , due to be released before today 's opening , is expected to show that the economy continued to expand in the third quarter at a moderate pace . 
His new stake would be in the form of preferred shares , which receive higher dividends but have voting rights only in extraordinary shareholders assemblies . 
The bankruptcy filing , the government has charged in a $ 1.1 billion civil lawsuit , was part of a pattern to shift insured deposits to the parent company , which used the deposits as a cache for real-estate deals . 
Had the case gone to trial the same issues would have surfaced : 
In addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 28 Boeing 747-400s that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes . 
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled . 
Then , when Morgenzon was incorporated in 1908 , the farmer who owned the land stipulated that only whites could reside in town ; blacks could work there , but they had to leave at night . 
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence . 
It also lowered some air fares . 
$ 10 billion of two-year notes . 
Art prices are skyrocketing , but a good deal of legerdemain is involved in compiling statistics on sales . 
Citicorp 
The company will make `` adequate provisions '' to cover costs of the dispute with MGM\/UA and any loss from the investment in Qintex Entertainment , he said . 
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August . 
In the long , frightening night after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace wherever they could . 
The symptoms all point to one thing : Japan does not have a modern government . 
Last season , Hartford Stage director Mark Lamos mounted a production at Lincoln Center , and currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego and another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's . 
The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense . 
AT&T said its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments . 
Mr. North remains in heavy demand as a speaker , for fees reported in the $ 20,000 range . 
No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... . 
ONE-DAY JAUNTS in a chartered boat were perks for permanent staffers of American Business Service Corp. , a Costa Mesa , Calif. , supplier of temporary workers . 
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) said Sen. Cranston volunteered to appear before the House committee , if necessary . 
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court . 
These `` active suspension systems '' electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car 's ride . 
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry . 
The two that remain have n't yet reached the pre-trial fact-finding stage . 
Whatever may be the problems with this system , it scarcely reflects `` zero risk '' or `` zero discharge . '' 
Though President Bush 's political critics at home have been urging him to open a more direct dialogue with Mr. Gorbachev , it actually was the arguments of leaders within the Soviet bloc itself that led the president to seek the December meeting . 
Goodson also announced that it hired the former president and senior vice president of Ingersoll to run the Goodson papers . 
Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene . 
It will have a Russian tavern , an English pub , a discotheque and Japanese and Italian restaurants , according to a Sheraton announcement . 
The company 's ability to respond to energy needs world-wide will be enhanced through a recently announced venture with Mitsubishi Heavy Industries , Mr. Lego said . 
Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done . 
Safeway Stores Inc. reported a 69 % decline in profit for the fiscal third quarter , but said operating improvements were masked by unusual gains in the year-earlier period . 
The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible . 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations . 
The paper producer reported that net income fell to $ 102.1 million , or $ 1.09 a share , from $ 122.4 million , or $ 1.29 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
The agreement is subject to government approval . 
FRINGE-BENEFIT spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 25 % of payroll from 29 % three years ago , says the National Institute of Business Management , an advisory service . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve { U.S. . } results , and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
But the two groups have something very important in common : They are both havens for scared money , stocks for people who hate stocks . 
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz . 
But there are times when they seize up , and panicky sellers can not find buyers . 
IMA Acquisition , an investor group that includes First Boston and the Pritzker family of Chicago , said Chemical Bank had made arrangements for 23 other banks to provide $ 509 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer . 
Moscow claims this is all needed to protect the Kabul regime against the guerrilla resistance . 
That 's the dilemma for today 's parent . 
Robert H. Knight 's Oct. 5 editorial-page article bemoaning violence in comedy movies ( `` Hollywood , You Slay Me '' ) is interesting , but somewhat off-base . 
He said that all of these companies will be able to compete fiercely in an economic downturn . 
`` We will not go over a certain level , '' said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , Mich . 
`` In the U.S. , there are still people who want to crush China and interfere in our internal affairs , '' Zhu Qizhen , China 's new ambassador to the U.S. , said as he left for Washington last week . 
The office , an arm of the Treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
That division 's manager has been fired . 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
In 1984 , an attempt was made to crack down on the industry with tougher restrictions . 
The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents , 70 cents and 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 , respectively . 
Although the company could see fourth-quarter revenue shrink by nearly $ 5 billion if it is n't able to deliver any more planes this year , those dollars actually would just be deferred until 1990 . 
Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters do n't have much to gain from a protracted battle . 
A seat on the Chicago Board of Trade was sold for $ 390,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm . 
`` Our members are eager to begin trading this contract , so we expect no difficulty in attracting locals to the natural gas pit , '' he said . 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index . 
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine . 
Each right entitles shareholders to buy one-half share of common for $ 30 . 
Credit Lyonnais Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 16 1\/4 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 102 to yield 16.03 % less full fees , via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Twenty years ago , in the infancy of suburban sprawl , just a handful of dealerships were here . 
The programs occurred against the backdrop of a late pullback in UAL , which had held at slightly lower levels through most of the session amid optimism that another bidder might surface . 
Volume on the First Section was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 582 million shares Monday . 
Developer Steve Caspi says the same brand name indicates consistent quality , `` regardless of location , design or amenities . '' 
`` We continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a Morgan Stanley official said . 
In recent years , the World Series and the Olympics were aired against CBS 's last-place lineup . 
Medical scientists are starting to uncover a handful of genes which , if damaged , unleash the chaotic growth of cells that characterizes cancer . 
He believes those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse . 
Peter Drake , biotechnology analyst for Vector Securities International , Chicago , thinks market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations . 
Officials at the University of Virginia Art Museum certainly would agree . 
CBS pursues top sports `` to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , '' charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago . 
`` Prices for LBOs have to come down if you do n't have that feature , '' argued Lawrence Schloss , managing director for merchant banking at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. in New York . 
To keep his schedule on track , he flies two personal secretaries in from Little Rock to augment his staff in Dallas . 
Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 . 
So far , investors have n't shown much appetite for Refcorp 's initial bond offering . 
In response , Treasury prices soared 1 1\/8 points , or about $ 11.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , BellSouth shares fell 87.5 cents to $ 52.125 . 
This information was gleaned from your own news stories on the region . 
Welcome to that welter of contradictions known as Newport Beach . 
Broader averages also fell . 
Chief Inspector Peter Seacomb of the Criminal Investigation Department at the airport said , `` It is not uncommon for property to be temporarily mislaid or misrouted . '' 
Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates , and Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho , Arizona and New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry excutives and the press . 
In contrast to previous estimates reckoning the default rate on junk bonds at 2 % or 3 % , a Harvard study published in April of this year ( and discussed in a lead story in The Wall Street Journal for Sept. 18 ) found the default rate on these junk bonds is 34 % . 
Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
He has canceled numerous campaign appointments and was largely inaccessible to the media until the stock story broke . 
Pemex officials would n't say how much money the new contract would save the company , but one previous government estimate pegged savings at around $ 500 million a year . 
The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million . 
Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . 
Travelers and other insurers have maintained that cleanup costs are n't damages and thus are n't covered under commercial policies . 
Traders estimated that Bear , Stearns bought more than 1 million shares . 
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31 . 
Short-term rates were little changed . 
About six months before a recession ends , stocks typically begin to rise again , as investors anticipate a recovery . 
It was an audacious claim . 
Justice Rubin , a state judge since 1969 , said the mandatory-retirement age hurts the court system because it deprives the state of experienced judges still capable of serving on the bench . 
But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get `` numbers in order '' for end-of-year reports . 
GE Capital is a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. of Fairfield , Conn. , which also has broadcasting and electrical-products businesses . 
Because of the size of the California market , few relocation specialists expect a widespread corporate flight in the quake 's aftermath . 
Citicorp 's spokesman said , however , that the bank is maintaining those expenses in proportion to revenue growth . 
Describing this and other grisly killings , Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) recently urged fellow lawmakers to revive a broad federal death penalty . 
`` It was one of the quickest changes in public attitudes I 've ever seen , '' says former Reagan pollster Richard Wirthlin . 
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
They are enjoying domestic sales that are more than making up for lost overseas sales . 
He said he would contact Mr. Ross and Warner Brothers Chairman Robert Daly and that , in a conference call , the three agreed they could n't let the producers out of their contract . 
Basketball star Michael Jordan and singer Randy Travis have also agreed to appear in ads . 
USACafes , which is nearly half-owned by Sam and Charles Wyly of Dallas , said it will distribute proceeds from the sale to unit holders as a liquidating dividend as soon as possible . 
One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white . 
It 's also unnecessary . 
I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine , smiled that guilty smile and we both mouthed the words , `` Earth-quake ! '' together . 
It just is n't done . 
`` There 's very little upside to sterling , '' Mr. Roberts says , but he adds that near-term losses may be small because the selling wave that followed Mr. Major 's appointment apparently has run its course . 
Civil disobedience , violent or non-violent , is intentional law breaking . 
Since the formula assumes an 8 % before-tax return in a mutual fund , there would also be $ 16,500 in taxes to pay over the 12 years . 
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase . 
The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran-processing and rice-processing capacity next year . 
Berry Rejoins WPP Group 
After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own . 
As usual , her sin was saying what she thought . 
Innocent bystanders often are the victims . 
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . 
`` How unprofessional we must have appeared to the outside world -- how incompetent at risk assessment and evaluation , '' he says . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % . 
`` We 'd be reluctant to accept 50-50 ownership in a manufacturing company . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which declined 5.16 on Monday , was up 16.05 , or 0.60 % , at 2692.65 on Tuesday . 
Now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension , bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces . 
One was so fantastic in appearance , it was dubbed Hallucigenia . 
Operating profit for the abrasives , engineering materials and petroleum services concern was $ 19.2 million , or 91 cents a share , up 3 % from $ 18.7 million , or 87 cents a share . 
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested . 
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
Street lights , the ad points out , `` helped sharpen the arm of many a budding baseball player . '' 
An options contract gives the holder the right to buy ( call ) or sell ( put ) a specific amount of stock , or in this case the value of a stock index , based on a predetermined price within a given time period . 
As you can see , the capital-gains reduction plan adopted by the House would not be temporary , but permanent . 
`` The time has passed for us to spin off steel , '' either in a public offering or to a buyer , one executive contends . 
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. . 
When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary , he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden . 
And Mario Gabelli , another star in the investing world , says , `` My gut says the negatives of futures and synthetics far outweigh the benefits . '' 
Dee Ann Wilson 
The agency plans to announce specific relief procedures in the coming days . 
`` The capital market is booming . '' 
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems . 
Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers . 
A year ago , Benjamin Franklin had profit of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . 
That was followed by three months at the Aetna Institute in Hartford , where she was immersed in learning how to read and interpret policies . 
He indicated that Ekco may be interested in acquiring another company with revenue in the range of $ 75 million to $ 100 million , partly because mass merchandisers increasingly want to rely on larger , and fewer , suppliers . 
They are useful to call public attention to grievances , but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute . 
The report by the Western government , which declines to be identified , concludes that `` a near-term foreign-exchange payment problem can be avoided only if import growth drops to below 5 % per annum . '' 
Yet the chief reason for the closure , he says , was rooted in a family tradition that would n't allow a bank to bear the Rothschild name without a Rothschild in its management . 
Mr. Dinkins 's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists , leaving voters with little clue as to who will be more influential . 
`` It was like a play on Broadway , '' recalls Mr. Martinez . 
Another anti-Turkish hook is the Islamic faith of the majority of the Turkish people : Turkey , we are told , is not a Christian nation ; its people simply wo n't fit in with the Western European Judeo-Christian tradition . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. said it acquired three long-term care facilities and one assisted-living facility in a purchase-and-lease transaction valued at $ 15 million . 
This is a story about suckers . 
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute . 
But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark . 
Amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results . 
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies . 
In that way , the pilots may be able to force the board to approve a recapitalization that gives employees a majority stake , or to consider the labor-management group 's latest proposal . 
While sipping a beer after practice , he vividly recounts getting the Red Sox 's Carl Yastrzemski to pop out to end the 1975 World Series , and repeating the feat against the Yankees ' Roy White in 1976 . 
`` The movies , the books , the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff , '' says Paul Kurtz , a philosophy professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo , who heads the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom . 
Under his watch , office politicking was often rampant in the agency 's New York operation and the office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year . 
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year . 
It 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout . 
Did n't feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior . 
Strategy is not a separate event in an idealized sequence of discrete events ; it is a way of thinking that neutralizes threats to our interests in a manner consistent with our financial , cultural and physical limitations . 
Mr. Seidman says he turned down a Lexus franchise in part because `` the building was gorgeous but very expensive . '' 
The average of estimates of the 10 economists polled puts the dollar around 1.8200 marks at the end of November and at 141.33 yen . 
Administration officials defend Mr. Bush 's decision to make the trip . 
In a recent investment letter entitled `` Winners of the ` Leverage Wars , ' '' Edward Kerschner , chairman of PaineWebber 's investment policy committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have avoided loading up on debt . 
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines . 
Verbatim quotation , the judge believed , was justified in order to prove points the author had asserted about Mr. Hubbard -- mendacity , bigotry , paranoia and other unlovely traits that could not be persuasively demonstrated without use of Mr. Hubbard 's own words . 
Congress temporarily halted Mr. Thornburgh 's effort with an appropriation resolution that prohibited him from using budgeted funds to implement his plan . 
One state environmental regulator returned a report because `` it was n't heavy enough , it could n't have been correct , '' Mr. Maguire says . 
Three gambling casinos have opened in Poland . 
With only the clothes they were wearing , family members moved to a home owned by one of Mr. Chan 's sons . 
By taking power in a deal with the Peasant Party 's onetime Communist stooges , Solidarity has spooked the rural entrepreneur . 
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , a leader of those Democrats . 
Rather , `` It just shows things have changed . '' 
This gap eventually closes , but slowly . 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
The Usinor unit has agreed to provide technology and expertise to install a so-called spin caster by early next fall . 
Further , many institutions today holding troubled retailers ' debt securities will be reticent to consider additional retailing investments . 
The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking . 
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa . 
Phillips and Arco posted declines . 
In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
`` We think alliances are very important , '' Mr. Eddington says . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 71.9 billion , up 36 % from $ 52.9 billion a year earlier , the company added . 
Although the Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today , the Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed unless Congress and the president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling . 
Meanwhile , new-home sales plunged 14 % in the month . 
`` Our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low dose , but it can also kill other cells , '' said Dr. Yonehara . 
`` The rate of failures will be much more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects , '' says G.S. Patel , a former chairman of the giant , government-run mutual fund , the Unit Trust of India . 
The flight was rescheduled for today . 
But on the evidence of `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies . 
Under the proposed agreement , Gold Texas holders will receive 1.43 Crown shares for each of the 1.1 million Gold Texas shares not owned by Crown , which already owns 65 % . 
That level is about the same as some other big banks , but far below the 85 % and 100 % reserves of Bankers Trust New York Corp. and J.P. Morgan & Co. , respectively . 
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot . 
The jury found them guilty of conspiracy in obtaining the payments , some of which were disguised as fees for consulting services from Mrs. Garcia . 
The European Community 's consumer price index rose a provisional 0.6 % in September from August and was up 5.3 % from September 1988 , according to Eurostat , the EC 's statistical agency . 
Euro Disneyland shares made a debut like Snow White yesterday while most of the London stock market looked like it had eaten the Evil Queen 's poisoned apple . 
They also chart the evolution of a city that has grown tenfold in the author 's lifetime , from a colonial outpost of fez-wearing pashas to a Third World slum choking on its own refuse . 
The state could also increase gasoline taxes ; every one penny increase in the tax would yield $ 11 million a month . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Norway 's unemployment rate for October was 3.6 % , unchanged from September but up from 2.6 % in the same month last year . 
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched . 
Carnival , for example , has already paid about $ 160 million of the total cost for Fantasy . 
But often nothing 's resolved , To my frustration and fury : With pros and cons in limbo , I feel like a hung jury . 
Exxon Corp. said its third-quarter earnings slipped 9 % as profits from two of its three major businesses sagged . 
What gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa . 
The state had sought as much as $ 4.1 billion in relief , but yesterday the House approved a more general scaled-back measure calling for $ 2.85 billion in aid , the bulk of which would go to California , with an unspecified amount going to regions affected by Hurricane Hugo . 
The company , which went public in May , intends to pay dividends from available cash flow ; the amount may vary from quarter to quarter . 
A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys and a lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds . 
The collapse Friday prompted speculation that Ford would intensify its pursuit of Jaguar , which is negotiating a defensive alliance with GM . 
Ms. Garman could n't be reached for comment . 
Asked for comment , Walker Merryman , a vice president of the Tobacco Institute , said new efforts to restrict tobacco advertising in the U.S. could violate the First Amendment protection of free speech . 
`` The boom 's so huge , '' says Mitsuru Saito , an economist at Sanwa Research Institute , `` it makes you think of the Golden '60s , '' when Japan developed rapidly . 
The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable . 
Levi Strauss Associates Inc. , the closely held owner of Levi Strauss & Co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 128.6 million from $ 31.3 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 69.8 million gain from the sale of stock in a Japanese subsidiary . 
That system has worked . 
One bond trader estimated that more than $ 50 million of New York City general obligation bonds were put up for sale Friday alone . 
`` If there is any support for reducing the bill , it is conditioned on their desire to see them passed in another form . '' 
The settlement , which involves most of the 300 independent newspaper dealers in the New York area , will allow the Times to freely operate its own direct home delivery system . 
The proposal to sell directly to the public remains mired in bureaucratic quicksand . 
Ke Zaishuo , head of China 's delegation to a Chinese-British Liaison Committee on Hong Kong , accused Britain of trying to impose a fait accompli and said , `` This is something we can not accept . '' 
`` We wanted them to build a road here , '' he says . 
`` Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , '' says Nomura 's Mr. Kato . 
Clearly , the central figure in this process is Egon Krenz . 
`` The merger is proceeding according to plan , except as to the withdrawal of the Deloitte U.K. firm , '' he said . 
Imo Industries Inc. -- $ 150 million of senior subordinated debentures due 2001 , priced at par to yield 12 % . 
It also would defer interest and principal on junk bonds that have fallen due ; the grace period for paying the bill expires Nov. 16 . 
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ? 
The board 's decision , announced after the market closed Monday , initially prompted a severe sell-off in UAL shares , which at midday traded as low as $ 145 a share , down $ 33 a share , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Sekisui House , which gained 150 Tuesday , lost 70 to 2640 . 
Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made . 
They added that `` all of us ( Cocom members ) look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study . '' 
However , companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat , or perhaps even decline slightly . 
Earlier this month , Qintex Australia 's $ 1.5 billion agreement to acquire MGM\/UA Communications Co. collapsed because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit the Australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction . 
Prices are moving up and down so fast because investors are employing ways to turn over shares at ever-faster rates and increasingly acting in concert . 
And they will even serve it themselves . 
No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air . 
The union , though , has called the offer `` insulting . '' 
It showed the DJIA up 30 points . 
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . '' 
Of his successes in Washington , Mr. Bennett stressed that existing federal prisons have taken custody of 375 local inmates . 
Mr. Lang points out that even Success , in part , fits the company 's image , since about 30 % of its readership is female . 
`` That is n't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm-Rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said . 
From the history of capitalism we can take it as a sound bet that if it takes only 43 cents to buy a dollar 's worth of a firm 's capital stock , an alert entrepreneur wo n't look the other way . 
The sheets tell how the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects . 
Alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of GM 's planned tie-up with the British luxury car maker , the sources said . 
Copper 
When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava , she sprinkled her with high E flats , sparkling Ds , clean trills , and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust . 
Dr. Leigh Thompson , a Lilly group vice president , said the company 's clinical trials of both its animal and human-based insulins indicated no difference in the level of hypoglycemia between users of either product . 
`` Oh , yes . 
`` The short of it is that the most hard-bitten among us can not get into too sour a mood with communism collapsing , '' says Mitchell Daniels , a former Reagan White House aide who now is president of the Hudson Institute . 
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . 
Not even a tractor . 
Platinum and palladium struggled to maintain their prices all day despite news stories over the weekend that recent cold fusion experiments , which use both metals , showed signs of producing extra heat . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
`` There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie , '' said George Christie , president of the club 's Ventura chapter . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Loral closed at $ 33.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
`` It is a feel-good candidacy . '' 
Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 19.93 billion from $ 17.73 billion . 
Sonja Steptoe and David Wilson contributed to this article . 
Great . 
Just in time for Halloween , Britain 's Oxford University Press is publishing a `` Dictionary of Superstitions . '' 
One could imagine such a lull in the lives of the Arabs before the quadrupling of oil prices . 
The figures do n't include substantial dividends on holdings of Bear Stearns stock . 
Oil-related properties suffered a huge decline until I divested myself of all such stocks in 1985 , at which point the industry , while not lighting up any Christmas trees , began a slow recovery . 
Investor interest in stock funds `` has n't stalled at all , '' Mr. Hines maintains . 
This is in response to George Melloan 's Business World column `` The Housing Market Is a Bigger Mess Than You Think '' ( op-ed page , Sept. 26 ) . 
Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . 
Since world oil prices collapsed in 1982 , the government has siphoned Pemex 's coffers to make payments on Mexico 's $ 97 billion foreign debt . 
Corporate profits may also dip initially . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it won a $ 27 million contract from Stuart-James Co. , a Denver investment banking concern , to provide voice and data telecommunications services . 
They are telling us that { 8 3\/4 % } is as low as they want to see the fed funds rate , '' said Robert Chandross at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
An earnings disappointment may reflect a situation that 's short-term . 
The group controls 795,900 H.H. Robertson common shares , assuming exercise of an option it acquired from Executive Life Insurance Co. to buy 497,400 shares . 
Boston Co. , the upper-crust financial services concern that was rocked by a management scandal late last year , has had a sharp drop in profitability -- mainly because a high-risk bet on interest rates backfired . 
( Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency known as Ginnie Mae currently exceed $ 330 billion . ) 
That 's 115 % more than in 1981 . 
As part of the upscale push , Kidder is putting brokers through a 20-week training course , turning them into `` investment counselors '' with knowledge of corporate finance . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed up 39.55 , at 2683.20 , after rising over 60 points in mid-afternoon . 
And the total amount of junk financing will be reduced . 
In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the Socialist Party won a runaway victory , 60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % . 
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains . 
Bank Building earlier said the restatement is necessitated by `` certain errors in recording receivables and payables '' at its Loughman Cabinet division . 
The dollar was also slightly firmer and prompted some selling , as well , according to the analyst . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.83 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
In finding `` good news '' in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan ( `` The Privileged Class , '' editorial , Sept. 20 ) , you 're reading the headline but not the story . 
Until recently , Kellogg had been telling its sales force and Wall Street that by 1992 it intended to achieve a 50 % share of market , measured in dollar volume . 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134.8 million of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1992-2000 , 2009 and 2016 , through a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. group . 
Commercial vegetables , led by lettuce and tomatoes , rose 19 % in October ; oranges and other fruits rose 5 % . 
A year earlier , net included a $ 700,000 taxlow carry-forward . 
Mr. Klein will work with Mr. Kroll on some of the agency 's joint venture activities and acquisitions while the case is pending . 
`` Today of all days , '' she lamented . 
For Vietnamese , these are tricky , often treacherous , times . 
Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property . 
`` The essence of being a trial lawyer is understanding how people of diverse backgrounds react to you and your presentation , '' says Barry Ostrager of Simpson Thacher & Bartlett , who recently won a huge case on behalf of insurers against Shell Oil Co . 
While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship . 
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg-based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital . 
Especially his neighbors , the major U.S. steelmakers . 
`` When you leave the room after your massage , people say you look like you 're glowing . '' 
Black activist Walter Sisulu said the African National Congress would n't reject violence as a way to pressure the South African government into concessions that might lead to negotiations over apartheid . 
Periodically , there has even been talk of mergers between one or more exchanges . 
While the company 's sales were soaring , `` We still had a system that was probably appropriate for $ 10 million to $ 20 million in sales . '' 
AGIP refused to reconsider and says drilling is due to start early next year . 
I never pay my bills Till the very last day ; I lose far less interest By proceeding that way . 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit . 
The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992 , including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures . 
But one clear problem during the coup attempt was that the NSC staffer most experienced in Latin America , Everett Briggs , was gone . 
But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today . 
SONGsters are mad as heck about campus anti-intellectualism and they are n't going to take it anymore , at least not without trying a few really neat ideas first . 
The Lone Star is on the rise again . '' 
Advanced Medical paid $ 106 million in cash for its share in a unit of Henley 's Fisher Scientific subsidiary . 
Thus , the proteins from the yeast are molecularly more like human proteins than those from bacteria . 
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . 
The bill would `` divert scarce resources of the commission away from broker-dealers into areas which simply have no way of affecting broker-dealers , '' Mr. Raoul-Duval said . 
For instance , he helped steal the May 1984 Panamanian elections for the ruling party . 
Loud rock music accompanies all the scene changes , even those in the convent . 
Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of `` Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , '' says : `` The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more . 
`` In a new position just after the opening , a computer will have serious problems , '' Mr. Kasparov said later . 
We did experience some difficulties with the initial LBO terms and , as your article made clear , successfully restructured our debt earlier this year , something those other retailers have yet to accomplish . 
`` But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff . 
One poll , conducted for the British Broadcasting Corp. , found that 52 % of voters believed that she should quit . 
An accountant did not review the seller 's books before buying a business . 
The team then proposed modifications in their work process to management . 
The papers would be handed over at a bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10 . 
Both the Big Board 's Exchange Stock Portfolio and the Chicago exchange 's Market Basket are designed for institutional investors . 
Separately , Fannie Mae issued $ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities in 12 classes through First Boston Corp . 
This past summer , investors ' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable . 
He 's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg , the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s . 
A shadow jury is a way to do that in a more systematic and organized way . '' 
Officials of the Resolution Trust Corp. have said privately that such a plan was the most likely alternative to raise short-term cash for the bailout . 
I attended several of these in the dual role as a presenter of research findings as well as an investigator of my hosts . 
Wall Street continued to buckle under the public outcry against computer-driven program trading . 
That , coupled with poor third-quarter corporate-earnings comparisons , `` will make trouble for the equity market for the next two to three months , '' he says . 
Prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 1970s , most trading firms clustered around the LaSalle Street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
For the nine months , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' net fell 31 % to $ 65 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 93.8 million , or 63 cents a share . 
But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun . 
The huge drop in UAL stock prompted one takeover stock trader , George Kellner , managing partner of Kellner , DiLeo & Co. , to deny publicly rumors that his firm was going out of business . 
It more than doubled Federal 's long-term debt to $ 1.9 billion , thrust the company into unknown territory -- heavy cargo -- and suddenly expanded its landing rights to 21 countries from four . 
In Europe , the dollar ended lower in dull trading . 
But will it be enough ? 
Some producers of polyethylene , figuring the inventory reductions are near an end , have announced price boosts . 
Wall Street is n't avoiding everything connected with paper . 
Nobody smiled onstage , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh . 
But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow . 
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male-sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop . 
Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters , and citywide projections now put his lead at between four and 20 percentage points . 
THE MILEAGE RATE allowed for business use of a car in 1989 has risen to 25.5 cents a mile for the first 15,000 from 24 cents in 1988 , the IRS says ; the rate stays 11 cents for each added mile . 
The five astronauts , who stowed gear and tested the spacecraft 's steering , said they were unconcerned about the touchy weather expected in the Mojave Desert . 
MCI claims about 12 % of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 10 % of the $ 23 billion residential market . 
Zurich-based magazine Bilanz lists Mr. Rey as having a fortune of about 1.5 billion Swiss francs . 
The company has said the paper is n't for sale , and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster 's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
`` I think it would be irresponsible and I am not about to be blackmailed by Japanese banks or any other international interests . '' 
Comments from the audience reflected widespread , if wistful , agreement with those conclusions . 
The start of a weeklong conference by the IG Metall metal worker union in Berlin is drawing attention to the impending wage negotiations , which could boost companies ' personnel costs next year , they said . 
Poland is the second Communist nation to recognize the Seoul government ; South Korea established diplomatic relations with Hungary in February 1989 . 
That bill , proposed by the SEC last year , would require brokerage firms to disclose the financial positions of their holding companies , mandate large traders ' reporting of program or block trades , and improve clearing and settlement of trades between the futures and stock markets . 
In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show , but the West 's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away . 
But they are already objecting to , among other things , a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides . 
The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees and eliminate production of about 1,300 medium and heavy duty trucks . 
`` Maybe people do n't believe I want to give this money away . '' 
Other tax benefits probably will be restored and created . 
Construction of apartments and other multi-family dwellings slipped 2.2 % to an annual rate of 1,022,000 following a 3.5 % decline in August . 
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed . 
`` I 've been two-thirds in cash since July , and I continue to think that having a defensive position is appropriate , '' he says . 
The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves . 
If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic . 
Having argued that Galileo 's plutonium power source could have released lethal doses of radiation if the shuttle exploded yesterday , they were n't quieted by yesterday 's successful launch . 
It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture . 
The acquisition of the Financial Times of Canada is `` well within reach for any number of media companies , both public and private , '' said James Cole , an analyst with Toronto-based BBN James Capel Inc . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
`` I think the people will be judging the regime by a petty policeman , by a corrupt revenue collector . 
They still buy apples mainly for big , red good looks -- that 's why so many taste like woodchucks ' punching bags . 
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . '' 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 ( $ 4.48 ) to SKr205 ( $ 31.65 ) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
`` We made our own decision , '' he said . 
Of the self-starting vacuum cleaner , he says : `` Could be Cuddles , { Mrs. Stinnett 's dog } . '' 
`` The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , '' says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago . 
Moreover , with 88 % of its assets tied up in Manville , the trust is badly in need of diversification . 
Notes offered at a fixed level of 99.75 . 
The issue has also cost Federal management a lot of good will among its old pilots . 
The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals . 
Mr. Ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace . 
The joint venture licenses a portfolio of about 1,400 patents and patent applications relating to optical-disk recording technology . 
Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan . 
`` It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon . '' 
And no one was shouting . 
Estimates on how much pulp prices will fall next year currently run between $ 150 and $ 250 a metric ton . 
B.A.T Industries PLC won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.23 billion ) takeover bid from Sir James Goldsmith . 
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale . 
Royal 's suit contends that the Ammann acquisition was `` designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer . '' 
Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to President Bush by the end of the week , but Speaker Foley said that was n't likely . 
In what has become a series of bad-news announcements , the world 's largest maker of supercomputers said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . '' 
The executive producer of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Andrew Lack , declines to discuss re-creactions as a practice or his show , in particular . 
There is also a busy schedule of speaking engagements at $ 10,000 a pop , at tony places including the Yale Political Union . 
He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk . 
Financial Corp. also is proposing to exchange each of its 130,000 outstanding shares of cumulative convertible preferred series A stock for two shares of common . 
It did n't help that on Saturday , after three days of sunshine , it rained . 
Among other conditions , the offer depends on the Dow unit acquiring at least 66 2\/3 % of the PSE shares outstanding , the companies said in a joint statement Friday . 
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said . 
IBM and MCA formed Discovision in 1979 to make laser-read optical products . 
The Canadian government introduced in the House of Commons legislation to extend federal regulatory authority over provincial government-owned telephone utilities in Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba . 
Mrs. Thatcher , who was practicing the read-my-lips school of politics years before Mr. Bush encountered it , has made clear her opposition to refashioning Britain 's free-market policies to suit the bureaucrats in Brussels . 
Volume was thin at 374.6 million shares traded , down from 405.4 million Tuesday . 
The plan would increase the warranty on auto-emission systems to eight years or 80,000 miles from five years or 50,000 for major parts . 
Auditors involved in noncriminal projects ca n't send anyone to jail , but they can make life miserable in other ways -- for one , by imposing some of the 150 different civil penalties for negligence , failure to file a return , and the like . 
But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem . '' 
Friday , Oct. 27 , 9 p.m.-midnight EDT , on PBS ( PBS air dates and times vary , so check local listings ) : `` Show Boat . '' 
It will probably be attached to a State Department authorization bill , which Mr. Bush is n't expected to veto . 
The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board . 
Given enough of these , this will drive everyone out except the most hardy , '' he adds . 
A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and `` will comply fully with the required inspections . '' 
Linear Technology , Milpitas , Calif. , called the settlement `` positive , '' since products covered by the disputed patents account for about 20 % of its annual sales . 
That helps explain why American employers grant an average award of $ 604.72 per suggestion , while Japan 's payment is $ 3.23 . 
`` The other half , we may have before long . '' 
British Airways PLC said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share buy-out bid . 
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
Not everyone is worried , however . 
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account . 
PepsiCo Inc. will give away 4,000 sets of `` Game Boy , '' Nintendo 's new hand-held video game in a two-month promotion scheduled to begin Nov. 1 . 
Instead , the Fed could buy the broad market composites in the futures market . 
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned . 
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . 
Veiling his message has helped him endure . 
It may even be possible to replace defective genes with healthy versions , though no one has come close to doing that so far . 
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation . 
I have never had as many calls as I had this morning . 
The June increase compared with a rise of 10.5 % in May from a year earlier . 
Less-than-truckload companies , which carry the freight of several shippers in each truck trailer , discounted away a 4.7 % rate increase implemented last April . 
Mr. Koenig said : `` I just got a tremendous offer from Gruntal . 
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs . 
Mr. Della Femina will be joint chairman with former WCRS executive Robin Wight . 
A policewoman had to be called in to make her leave ; the policewoman helped carry out one last load . 
But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest and OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that . 
McCaw has called for a `` fair auction '' of LIN , which earlier entered a stock-swap merger pact with BellSouth . 
Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California . 
The strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff would construct the most effective defense program for each scenario , maximizing strengths and minimizing weaknesses . 
The bank was hamstrung in its efforts to face the challenges of a changing market by its links to the government , analysts say . 
One of the first people to come to the Deaver home after his troubles erupted was former Nixon aide John Ehrlichman , whom Mr. Deaver scarcely knew . 
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines , Mr. Runkel said . 
No schedule for formal talks was set , but meetings are expected to begin soon . 
The bank also says it 'll use its international network to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges . 
What do you say we all close down the poker game , go home and bank the $ 16 billion ? 
The efforts to get to the people who are addicted , try to rehabilitate them ; if they can not be rehabilitated , at least to contain them ; to educate people , to strongly discourage use of drugs by people who are casual users and first users , to stop this process among the young -- all of these things I think are extremely important . 
`` Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York . 
Stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it accelerates market moves , if not actually causing them . 
Whether a trade is done on a dual or non-dual basis , the member said , `` does n't seem to have much economic impact . '' 
I think re-enactments stink . '' 
The earnings also mark a significant drop from the second quarter 's $ 45.3 million or $ 1.25 a share . 
`` We agree with world opinion that the status quo in South Africa is morally wrong , '' says Pieter Bruwer , the Orange Workers ' chief scribe and pamphleteer . 
Donald J. Amaral , 37 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , nursing centers and retirement hotels . 
Mr. Thompson will have to face some of the consequences of those subpoenas . 
`` I do n't know of any living ballplayer that 's ever done it , '' says Jack Smalling , a dealer in Ames , Iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball autographs . 
But trading risk stems from credit risk . 
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September . 
Machines dedicated solely to word processing , which have all but disappeared in the U.S. , are still more common in Japan than PCs . 
Nor are any of these inefficient monoliths likely to be allowed to go bankrupt . 
Book value per share , which is based on investments at cost , was a negative $ 6.69 a share . 
Mr. Bass is based in Fort Worth . 
`` The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , '' lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said . 
Hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon . 
Federal examiner Alex Barabolak said Lincoln 's operations amounted to `` pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . '' 
When Claudio is arrested , he is brought on stage nude except for the manacles on his wrists and ankles . 
And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush . 
Mr. Baker will relinquish his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet . 
'' ( Investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . ) 
If deals take longer to complete and there are fewer of them to do , `` you ca n't bill the same kind of premium as when deals took a few weeks from start to finish , '' says one lawyer at a large New York firm . 
FREDERICK 'S OF HOLLYWOOD Inc. , Los Angeles , said its board voted a 50 % increase in the specialty boutique-store operator 's semiannual dividend , to five cents a common share . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus division also provides specifications . 
But foreign-exchange dealers said the dollar staged a quick comeback , prompted by a round of short covering and some fresh buying interest later in the trading day . 
And in the second game , with Mr. Kasparov advancing ferociously as white , D.T. offered feeble resistance and lost even faster . 
The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students . 
The debt-rating concern cited the bank 's move into the Texas market , noting its profitability and capital adequacy measurements will be depressed relative to the bank 's past performance . 
It is well-known that the regular Afghan infantry is filled with reluctant conscripts . 
Then , the all-too-sincere opportunism of the 1970s and 1980s . 
Mr. Smith said statements about the contract made in SEC filings were made by attorneys who did have access to the contracts but who were n't part of the negotiations between Sony and the duo . 
Flowers Industries Inc. said it will report a charge of eight cents to 10 cents a share for its fiscal first quarter , ended Sept. 23 , from the sale of two bakeries , in High Point , N.C. , and Gadsden , Ala . 
He had been summoned to the Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party , after he finished his lunch at the Savoy Hotel , an unlikely prelude to a bureaucratic brow-beating : Eight-foot-tall Rubenesquely naked ladies float on their canvases toward a ceiling teeming with cherubs , all surrounded by gilt laid on with a pastry chef 's trowel and supported by marble corinthian columns whose capitals are fluting fountains of gold . 
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center . 
A federation official attributed the decline to brisk demand from domestic industries backed by continuing economic expansion in Japan . 
Gemina , which owns 13.26 % of Nuovo Banco , abstained in the final vote on Credit Agricole , which was nonetheless approved by a majority of shareholders . 
That started the still-raging bidding wars . 
December gold was up $ 3.20 an ounce at $ 373.40 ; December silver gained 5.7 cents to $ 5.1950 an ounce . 
At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte , Calif. , customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system . 
`` They are angry about the government ... so they hold back the goods , '' he said . 
And it 's way above the ratio ( 7.5 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
The charities regularly sell used stamps , which they collect from children and other donors , to raise funds . 
This service identifies each caller 's phone number , and it can be used to generate instant mailing lists . 
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case . 
Especially at times like these , when declining rates make it hard for investors to get yields they have come to expect , too many people chase the promise of above-market returns without fully appreciating the risk . 
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being . 
That was the New York Stock Exchange 's blooper . 
Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt . 
The lawyers also monitor suits to identify specific automobile parts that cause the biggest legal problems . 
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . '' 
Viacom officials declined to comment . 
In Illinois , lawmakers will vote before next spring on legislation requiring physicians to perform tests on fetuses at 20 weeks to determine their gestational age , weight and lung maturity along with a provision requiring that , if fetuses survive an abortion , a second doctor must be on hand to help it survive . 
The House Democratic leadership could seek to waive these restrictions , but the underlying bill is already under attack for excesses elsewhere . 
New York City -- 
So would someone recently divorced or widowed . 
Contrary to what might be expected based on the headline on John R. Dorfman 's recent Money Matters article ( `` Pros Hit Theorists Right Where It Hurts '' Oct. 3 ) , I was able to stand proudly before my undergraduate finance students and proclaim that the findings of your yearlong experiment on stock picking is completely consistent with what they have been taught in the classroom . 
The oil company claims that Alaskan officials prevented Exxon from spraying dispersant onto the almost 11 million gallons of oil dumped when one of its tankers ran into an underwater reef . 
`` I never thought it would become so momentous , '' Bobby remarked . 
The conference was entitled `` Economic Mechanisms for Environmental Protection , '' a significant departure from East Bloc usage , which recognizes only one economic mechanism -- central planning -- to direct industrial behavior . 
Desperate , he has called in the Libyans to help fight the rebels of the Somali National Movement in the north , which is only one of several groups picking away at the regime in the capital of Mogadishu . 
Profit was $ 5.2 million , compared with $ 1 million for the year-ago quarter . 
`` Utilization management needs to better demonstrate that it reduces the wasteful use of resources , improves the appropriateness of patient care and imposes only reasonable burdens on patients and providers , '' the panel concluded . 
The bankers also insist that the loans depend on the consortium raising more money from new and existing backers . 
Before this bullish theory surfaced , some insurance stocks initially fell , indicating that investors thought the quake might cost insurers a lot of money . 
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 `` associates . '' 
Then , to make these gardenettes quite literally rooms , Ms. Bartlett had thrown up windowless walls ( brick , lattice , hedge ) eight to 10 feet tall , casting her interiors into day-long Stygian shade . 
To find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most , the Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail . 
The previous sale was $ 436,000 on Oct. 17 ; the last time prices were that low was November 1985 , when a seat sold for $ 425,000 . 
JAPANESE COMPANIES fare best in U.S. when they give Americans more say . 
Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . '' 
A company spokesman said yesterday that Coca-Cola Enterprises sticks by its 1989 forecast . 
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules . 
`` One can hardly overemphasize the importance of her rear end , '' Ms. Rose writes . 
August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies , capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts and engines . 
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early October . 
Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
Even some lawyers who have used consultants to their advantage see a need to limit their impact . 
For the quarter , BankAmerica said it earned $ 254 million , or $ 1.16 a share , compared with $ 190 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` They want to turn everything upside down in a week . 
Moreover , it will boost by 50 % USX 's current hot-dipped capacity of 1,275,000 tons . 
`` It was chaotic . 
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience . 
Calgene Inc. and Gustafson Inc. said they plan a joint project to develop biological products to control such plant diseases as aflatoxin , a potent cancer-causing agent . 
`` I did n't know if it was World War III or what , '' says Melanie Carvain of Morristown , N.J . 
The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 . 
At PaineWebber Inc. , they are `` investment executives . '' 
But under current rules , they are allowed to change just 200 rubles into dollars and other currencies for each trip . 
( Intercepting other people 's private conversations is illegal and punishable by five years in prison and fines of $ 10,000 . ) 
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies . 
Within 25 years Jews will probably be the minority . 
Officials there declined to comment , as did Helmsley management . 
Under Mikhail Gorbachev 's perestroika , the Soviets have sought economic ties all over the world , including new export markets . 
Here are the net contributions of the components of the Commerce Department 's index of leading indicators . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.48 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
The competition is even more heated in the auto industry , where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market . 
Wisconsin Toy Co. said it definitively agreed to acquire closely held Everything 's a Dollar Inc. of Virginia Beach , Va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 4.7 million . 
But British Air , which was to have supplied $ 750 million out of $ 965 million in equity financing , apparently was n't involved in the second proposal and could well reject it even if banks obtain financing . 
Bond prices fell after the Chicago report was released . 
We are determined to get good prices . '' 
Another major trick in making a portfolio recession-resistant is choosing stocks in `` defensive '' industries . 
The company said recently it expects third-quarter earnings will be in range from $ 1.3 million to $ 1.7 million , or 14 cents to 18 cents a share , compared with $ 326,000 , or four cents a share , a year ago . 
Nashua Corp. , rumored a potential takeover target for six months , said that a Dutch company has sought U.S. approval to buy up to 25 % of Nashua 's shares . 
One reason futures are said to add volatility is that -- unlike in stocks -- people can speculate in futures with little money down . 
Unveiled last April , the chip crams 1.2 million transistors on a sliver of silicon , more than four times as many as on Intel 's earlier model , 80386 . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy . 
London 's Financial Times 100-share index shed 40.4 points to finish at 2149.3 . 
The Nasdaq Bank Index rose 0.17 to 432.78 . 
But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors . 
What it does n't say is that the entire `` campaign '' may be the fund-raising letter itself . 
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy . 
Because they also detected tritium and indications of nuclear radiation , they asserted that the `` excess '' heat energy must be coming from energy released by the nuclear fusion of deuterium atoms inside the palladium rod . 
Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp . 
`` Once we see an order , we expect it 'll be on line by 2000 . 
The IRS recently won part of its long-running battle with the Church of Scientology over exemptions when the U.S. Supreme Court held that members ' payments to the church were n't deductible because the members received services in return . 
A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words . 
He begins his seven-year term Nov. 9 , succeeding Kenan Evren . 
DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker . 
Bank of New England plans to sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems . 
The GNP of the Bahamas is probably somewhere between one and two billion dollars . 
Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . 
The Service figures at least half of the money taken in should be spent on program . 
He contends that chasing consumers with low-priced imports will harm the industry in the long run by reducing the prestige of furs . 
But declining issues on the New York Stock Exchange outnumbered gainers 774 to 684 , and broader market indexes were virtually unchanged . 
The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem and is marketed in a package decorated with green , black , red and white stripes . 
While KKR does n't control SCI TV which is unusual for a KKR investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than Mr. Gillett . 
Although the Bank of England 's tight monetary policy has fueled worries that Britain 's slowing economy is headed for a recession , it is widely believed that Mr. Lawson 's willingness to prop up the pound with interest-rate increases helped stem pound selling in recent weeks . 
Meanwhile , in another sign that a new bid is n't imminent , it was learned that the UAL board held a telephone meeting Monday to hear an update on the situation , but that a formal board meeting is n't likely to be convened until early next week . 
Kingdom of Morocco -- $ 208 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon government trust certificates , with maturities stretching from May 15 , 1990 , to Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at yields ranging from 8.23 % to 8.43 % . 
Sale of the solution in concentrated form to Communist countries is prohibited by Japanese law and by international agreement . 
Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . 
Presidio , a Denver oil and gas concern , said it will acquire the properties and operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems and proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil and 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
JAL also has signaled it is looking for toeholds in Europe before the end of 1992 . 
New York City 's 6 % bonds due 2018 , for example , were quoted late Friday at a price to yield 7.80 % , compared with 7.60 % Thursday . 
Treasury prices ended mixed in light trading . 
Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of black smoke into the air . 
HUGO 'S RAVAGES may be offset by immediate claims for tax refunds . 
That sometimes signals that they are laying plans to export corn . 
Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process . 
Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor . 
The poll also noted fear of a takeover as a stress-producing event in larger companies . 
He also noted that various work environments , such as night work , have their own `` stressors . '' 
The result is that those rich enough to own any real estate at all have boosted their holdings substantially . 
The company expects to resume full operations by today . 
Hewlett-Packard claims that the software allows a network to run three times as many tasks as conventional networks and will run each task twice as fast . 
The MIT project devised ways for E-mail to be automatically categorized as top priority if it comes from certain designated senders or requires action in the next couple of days . 
Spiegel said margins improved because its inventory position this year did n't need the costly markdowns required to trim last year 's swollen levels . 
Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : `` I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage . '' 
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1\/2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake . 
The estimated $ 40 million from the new pre-merger notification fee would be divided between the Justice Department 's Antitrust Division and the Federal Trade Commission , which both face serious cuts if the income is n't realized . 
Indeed , a number of analysts said that Japanese paper companies are hungry to acquire additional manufacturing capacity anywhere in the world . 
Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , `` When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate '' because of computerized tax filing and instant refunds ( the customer gets a refund immediately but pays extra to the tax preparer , which waits for Uncle Sam 's check ) . 
Mr. McNair , 62 years old , will be succeeded by L.M. `` Bud '' Baker Jr. , 47 , the parent 's chief credit officer and head of its administration division . 
Arco 's earnings from its 49.9 % stake in Lyondell fell to $ 37 million from $ 156 million for the same period last year , when Lyondell was wholly owned . 
FAR FEWER elderly nursing home residents bankrupt themselves than was previously believed , two recent studies declare . 
The result is that all sides resort to sleight of hand to make room for competing housing and environmental programs , and the commitments now will drive excess spending into fiscal 1991 . 
It 's also unclear precisely how the state will rebuild its reserve , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of California 's department of finance , although she noted that a bond offering for that purpose is n't anticipated . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
The chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million , or 45 cents a share . 
Scandinavian Airlines System ( Sweden ) -- 100 million Swiss francs of 6 1\/8 % bonds due Nov. 24 , 1999 , priced at 100 3\/4 to yield 6.03 % , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
This is the first time I 've seen something I could imagine a lot of people using . '' 
Dow said it already has agreements with Albert J. Smith Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of PSE , and certain other officers of the company under which Dow may buy about 40 % of the PSE common shares outstanding . 
But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation . 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
Court documents filed by prosecutors indicate Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment . 
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
For months the Johns Hopkins researchers , using gene probes , experimentally crawled down the length of chromosome 17 , looking for the smallest common bit of genetic material lost in all tumor cells . 
The cycle has been repeated several times since China began reforming its planned economy in 1979 . 
This city is girding for gridlock today as hundreds of thousands of commuters avoid travel routes ravaged by last week 's earthquake . 
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws . 
After the 1987 crash , and as a result of the recommendations of many studies , `` circuit breakers '' were devised to allow market participants to regroup and restore orderly market conditions . 
The protesters lie down in the street , blocking traffic , and will not move until the authorities carry them away . 
No doubt there is something to irk everyone in this AT&T-sponsored dramatization of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein 's book about Watergate . 
Completion of the project is expected by mid-1992 . 
`` Nobody has the right to tell me how much I can work . '' 
Ford Motor Co. and Saab-Scania AB of Sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance after Ford officials concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return . 
The National Cancer Institute also projected that overall U.S. mortality rates from lung cancer should begin to drop in several years if cigarette smoking continues to abate . 
One of the studies , done at the University of Minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels . 
Although acquiring a foreign company would expand Japanese advertising agencies ' business to foreign clients , many clients would also be Japanese companies expanding overseas , says the Dentsu spokesman . 
But `` term '' means just that ; the policy is written for a specific time period only and must be renewed when it expires . 
Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways and bridges for earthquake hazards . 
Undaunted , Mr. Dozen said that Daiwa 's goal is to build `` a high-technology oriented international organization with maybe some Japanese flavor to it . '' 
`` The times are my times , '' says Mr. Florio . 
( The commercial features , among others , the voice of Martin Luther King Jr. , the slain civil rights leader . ) 
Despite the widening gap between the two sides , conferees eventually followed the pattern set in previous years by opting to roughly split the difference . 
If you have not , it is probable that a thorough airing of the dispute by calm and rational debate would have been the better course . 
Its partner in the joint venture is Sin Kean Boon Metal Industries , Penang , Malaysia . 
`` European companies are looking to buy American ones , '' said Henry King , the managing partner at that firm . 
He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' 
Public-works and utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September , but the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier . 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
The TW buy-out may yet be financed . 
Obviously , it 's lost on you that about 75 % of the American people these days ( and in fact the president of the United States ) consider themselves environmentalists . 
The news also knocked the British unit to below 2.95 marks in London , but a bout of short-covering helped sterling recoup some of its earlier losses . 
British and Argentine diplomats opened talks in Madrid aimed at restoring ties severed because of their 1982 war over the Falkland Islands . 
SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that . 
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
But favorable earnings was n't a guarantee that a stock 's price would improve yesterday . 
In addition , Delmed , which makes and sells a dialysis solution used in treating kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , National Medical Care Inc . 
Detrex said it is one of at least 17 companies notified by the Environmental Protection Agency that they may be potentially responsible for cleaning up the Fields Brook watershed near Detrex 's Ashtabula plant at a total cost the EPA estimates at $ 48 million -- a figure Detrex said the companies dispute . 
The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do . 
The loss stems from $ 357.5 million of write-downs on Columbia 's $ 4.4 billion high-yield investment securities portfolio , which includes about $ 3.7 billion of junk bonds , $ 400 million of preferred stock , and Treasury securities . 
International Business Machines Corp. said its board approved the purchase of $ 1 billion of its common shares , a move that should help support its battered stock . 
`` MCI has made hawks out of the upper echelon of AT&T , '' said PaineWebber 's Mr. Grubman , who said he expected AT&T to become increasingly aggressive in dealing with its longtime nemesis . 
They contend that SCI TV 's equity now is worthless . 
It was fear of disturbing EMS exchange-rate relationships that caused the Chirac government in France to be timid about cutting tax rates . 
Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 21 % in its third quarter ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue . 
Dan Baldwin , managing director of high-yield investments at Chancellor Capital Management , said the Chicago & North Western offering was restructured in part because `` several large insurance buyers right now are demanding equity as part of the package . 
When notoriously independent-minded Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier rejected Paribas 's offer and began buying Paribas shares in retaliation , Mr. Francois-Poncet said , he felt obliged to bid for control . 
After last Friday 's stock-market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks . 
To try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 1.7 % in August , in contrast to increases of 16 % each in February and March . 
Dealers said the market did n't react substantially to Ford Motor Co. 's disclosure to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission that it will seek 100 % of Jaguar 's shares outstanding when U.K. government share regulations are lifted at the end of next year . 
WHEN Catherine Bobar spent several weeks at the Medical Center of Vermont recently with a bone infection in her toe , she shared a room just like most patients . 
Cie. de Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier said his board unanimously rejected as too low the $ 1.77 billion bid by Cie. Financiere de Paribas to bring its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % . 
December municipal futures ended up 11\/32 point to 92-14 , having pulled off a morning low of 91-23 as cash municipals rebounded . 
But we like to call it ` controlled chaos , ' '' said 47-year-old Robert J. Jacobson Jr. , grandson of the firm 's founder . 
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said . 
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture . 
All of their friends have children and they ca n't , so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment . 
We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe . 
The Remic issuance supported prices of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae securities , which held up better than Government National Mortgage Association securities during an afternoon sell-off . 
Portfolio managers said expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a coupon of 13 3\/4 % and a yield of about 14 % . 
The fight is putting a tight squeeze on profits of many , threatening to drive the smallest ones out of business and straining relations between the national fast-food chains and their franchisees . 
My response was that sports rarely are important , only diverting , and the quake merely highlighted that fact . 
I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through town . 
Takeover stock speculation and futures-related program trading drove the industrial average through wide ranges . 
Most of the 10 analysts polled last week by Dow Jones International News Service in Frankfurt , Tokyo , London and New York expect the U.S. dollar to ease only mildly in November . 
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime . 
BRIEFS : 
Walter S. Fisher , executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent , Security Pacific Corp. , said no bank funds were at risk during the investigation . 
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands . 
That disclosure came , a Delmed spokeswoman said , after the American Stock Exchange alerted the company that trading would n't resume in its stock until additional information about developments was provided . 
Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies . 
The school was the first , in 1987 , to receive the NCAA 's `` death penalty '' -- two years without football -- for repeated rules violations . 
The number working at the time of the blast was n't known . 
A victor in the fight for Jaguar may not emerge until after the expiration late next year of British government takeover restrictions . 
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . '' 
`` Prices for retail chains are lower today than they were last week , which will help management , '' said Gilbert Harrison , chairman of Financo Inc. , an investment-banking firm specializing in retailing acquisitions . 
So owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest . 
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs . 
The rate among the elderly -- 12 % in 1988 -- was n't significantly lower than the year before . 
The fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $ 86 million . 
The 80-point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average during the morning trading session touched off a flight to safety that saw investors shifting assets from stocks to Treasury bonds . 
Bond prices staggered in seesaw trading , rising on reports of economic weakness and falling on reports of economic strength . 
Mr. Bebear added that the French insurer would keep Farmers ' headquarters in Los Angeles and `` will not send French people to run the company . '' 
We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor , but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up . 
Short interest , which represents the number of shares borrowed and sold , but not yet replaced , can be a bad-expectations barometer for many stocks . 
Japanese machinery makers received orders totaling 1.465 trillion yen ( $ 10.33 billion ) in August , up 14 % from a year earlier , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
Stock-index arbitrage buy programs -- in which traders buy stock against offsetting positions in futures to lock in price differences -- helped the rally 's momentum . 
Maureen Fraser , an economist with W.I. Carr , a subsidiary of France 's Banque Indosuez , believes that the territory may not be able to regain its momentum until some time after 1997 . 
The actual disciplinary hearings will be public . 
Instead , the creditors say , the loan fell victim to nervousness about China 's political turmoil , as well as to concern about the loan 's security . 
It wo n't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it . 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business . 
Some of the game 's reigning philosophers dislike the idea of middle-aged men attempting a young man 's sport . 
Oncogenes must be present for a cell to become malignant , but researchers have found them in normal as well as in cancerous cells , suggesting that oncogenes do n't cause cancer by themselves . 
The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added . 
It 's equally ridiculous not to provide a capital investment or retirement-savings tax incentive . 
In fact , there 's only one person involved who 's happy , and that 's Floyd String , president of Coin Wrap and conceiver of the cement-truck solution . 
A new experiment , reported in this week 's New England Journal of Medicine , involved giving injections of Amgen 's EPO to 23 patients who wanted to store units of their own blood . 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's and SP1-plus by S&P . 
There are moments in this `` Summerfolk '' when the characters populating the vast multilevel country house ( which looks like a parody of Frank Lloyd Wright and is designed by Victoria Petrovich ) spout philosophic bon mots with the self-conscious rat-a-tat-tat pacing of `` Laugh In . '' 
NO ALCOHOL : 
They are expected to have an average life of 3.16 years . 
OPEC Secretary-General Subroto explains : Consumers offer security of markets , while OPEC provides security of supply . 
That complex bid was billed as France 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
Actually , about two years ago , the Journal listed the creation of the money fund as one of the 10 most significant events in the world of finance in the 20th century . 
`` That was the first time they lost and I won , '' he says . 
The cut in the dividend to 10 cents a share semiannually , from 20 cents , `` would indicate to me they do n't see the problems being fixed real quick , '' said Frank Rolfes , an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis . 
Even a pack of 20 Western cigarettes can fetch 20 rubles or more . 
`` Nope , we still say to stick with Treasurys , '' Mr. Corcoran replies . 
`` I 'm not saying everything is hunky-dory , but we have completed the transition , '' Robert M. Price , chairman and chief executive , said in an interview . 
A four-day matched sale-purchase agreement , a move to drain liquidity from the system , was viewed as a technical move , rather than an indication of tightening credit . 
Most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds . 
Two cans cost 89 cents during the drought . 
At the same time , some sports events will move off `` free '' television and onto cable or pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them . 
`` It certainly was n't intended to be a demotion , '' the spokesman said . 
National Geographic , the sixth-largest U.S. magazine , is attracting more readers than ever and offers the glossy , high-toned pages that upscale advertisers love . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
The baseball commissioner said the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would be played Tuesday in Candlestick Park . 
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary . 
`` This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , '' said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla.-based Confectioner Magazine . 
Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric ; it no longer , for example , lumps the bikes into the same category as motorcycles and other terrain-marring off-road vehicles . 
Most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list . 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion in August , by selling such assets as mortgage-backed securities and loans . 
Sales for both years reflect 12-month performances for each year of I. Magnin , Bullock 's , and Bullocks Wilshire . 
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom . 
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading . 
Ford Motor Co. slated overtime again this week at its Wixom , Mich. ; Wayne , Mich. ; Kansas City , Mo. , and Norfolk , Va. , assembly plants . 
The talks came as Lebanese negotiations on political changes appeared deadlocked . 
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates . 
Power of Suggestion Stronger in Japan 
But stock-index futures have plenty of support . 
That show , whose host is Ms. Chung 's husband , Maury Povich , has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case , the Rob Lowe tapes , what have you . 
b - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share for early debt retirement . 
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons . 
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world . 
In January , the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex . 
Unless Mr. Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Mrs. Thatcher 's administration firmly supports high interest rates to keep inflation in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Mr. Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Mr. Chandross concluded . 
The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day . 
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over . 
Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments . 
PRINCE HENRI is the crown prince and hereditary grand duke of Luxembourg . 
Some service boats recently were auctioned for about $ 1.7 million each , up from less than $ 1 million two years ago . 
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner . 
Contel 's Mr. Wohlstetter said the group of Big Board companies is n't ready to go public yet with its effort , and that he does n't plan to be the leader once it is public . 
3 . In deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a TRO ) is appropriate , the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense ; the government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . 
However , Harry Millis , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland , said Goodyear 's results `` fell at the bottom '' of his range of estimates . 
California enacted a rights law in 1988 . 
There are still bulls out there . 
The left also is critical of the style of the Socialist government -- a remarkable parallel to the situation in Britain . 
`` Japanese stock salesmen selling American bonds ? 
Unless he closes the gap , Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month . 
Now UNESCO apologists are lobbying President Bush to renege on President Reagan 's decision to depart . 
Nuovo Banco will become Italy 's biggest private-sector bank when it completes its scheduled merger with Banca Cattolica del Venetoen by year end . 
The son believes that when the Afrikaners finally realize there is no turning back the integration of South African society and politics , Morgenzon will boom . 
Few market participants expect the U.S. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected . 
Montedison , which owns about 72 % of the company 's common stock , agreed to buy the rest for $ 37 a share . 
Essentially , Mr. Freeman had invested heavily in the Beatrice leveraged buy-out , when he was told by another prominent trader , Bernard `` Bunny '' Lasker , that the deal was in trouble . 
A little more care in re-creating Marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable . 
Sotheby 's Inc. , the world 's biggest auction house , is taking a huge Wall Street-style risk on the outcome of the sale of art from the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell Soup Co. heir . 
The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang `` J'ai deux amours '' they wept . 
A decision on that case is n't expected before mid-November . 
Blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as poker chips . '' 
Some days the coaches make you feel as though you are part of a large herd of animals . 
One possible solution for Wall Street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is , give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments . 
But Mr. Batchelder says that Citicorp 's `` failure to deliver '' on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group `` is very distressing to potential users of a ` highly-confident ' letter from commercial banks . '' 
And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since . 
Already , the stolen tickets have been used for flights all over the world . 
The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , and the Polish Ecological Club , and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans . 
Japanese air-conditioner maker Daikin Industries Ltd. was fined two million yen ( $ 14,000 ) for exporting to the Soviet Union a chemical solution that could be used in missile-guidance systems . 
Sound stages echo . 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
They could no longer be classified as what Columbia regarded them , namely long-term investments . 
Some highly publicized cases involving RICO TROs have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . 
He may sell more shares in the open market or in private transactions , but would n't rule out changing his intentions and buying shares , the filing said . 
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April . 
Bush administration officials say inflation is under control . 
The shift wo n't affect operations . 
The number includes such unstylish burgs as , well , Oakland . 
Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto-based vaccine manufacturer Friday . 
UAL 's board could reject the new price as too low , especially since there are n't any competing bids . 
Its margin fell only seven basis points , or 7\/100ths of a percentage point , from a year ago , compared with a 13-point drop at Security Pacific Corp. and much larger declines among banks in other parts of the country . 
`` It 's a nice feeling to know that things stabilized , '' said Mr. Sherman , the 51-year-old co-owner of a discount department store . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
Fiat S.p . A. , Italy 's leading industrial group , is conducting `` concrete '' talks with West Germany 's Daimler-Benz AG on a series of projects in the aerospace sector , Fiat officials said . 
Hess 's earnings were up despite a $ 30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company 's refinery at St. Croix . 
In 1990 , the issue is expected to be especially close in Alaska , California , Michigan , New York , Pennsylvania and Illinois . 
In his old job , as Dade County chief , Mr. Fernandez forced out 92 teachers and reshuffled 48 principals . 
Mr. Ciavarella has rejected a few prospective tenants who provided `` incomplete '' financial information and acknowledges that illegitimate operators `` are not easily detectable . 
The $ 475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years . 
Bankruptcy specialists say Mr. Kravis set a precedent for putting new money in sour LBOs recently when KKR restructured foundering Seaman Furniture , doubling KKR 's equity stake . 
Perhaps to debunk the analysts ' talk of over-capacity , Michael today will take some of the skeptics on a tour of its new Gaylord , Minn. , plant . 
For the nine months , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 212.1 million , or $ 4.92 a share , compared with earnings of $ 47.9 million , or $ 1.13 a share , a year earlier . 
RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . 
Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter , while paper operations were dogged by higher costs , soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen . 
It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest and fell slightly in the South and West . 
Buying from willing shareholders makes an unfriendly takeover impossible , Mr. Rey contends . 
Company officials say the flotations of the paper and British retailing businesses are likely only after the disposals of the U.S. retailing assets . 
Supplemental Security Income payments to the disabled also will rise 4.7 % , starting with checks received on Dec. 29 , 1988 , increasing the maximum SSI payment to $ 386 from $ 368 a month . 
Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing drama , or anything else , without foul-mouthed cursing . 
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses . 
West German officials also have the special goal of holding out hope for East Germany 's fledgling reform movement . 
`` Under the best circumstances such tests are subjective ; when a patient is unconscious , they do n't work at all . 
California State University 
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Likewise , mutual funds remained relatively flat until I made what was , for me , a serious investment . 
Wilfred closed its Massachusetts schools earlier this year . 
Hyundai Motor America , fighting quality complaints , declining sales and management turmoil , yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy , tagged `` We 're Making More Sense Than Ever . '' 
A spokeswoman said shipments of truck engines , which provide a higher margin than most of the company 's other products , declined 16 % from a year earlier . 
But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session . 
Chinese officials said armed police would replace soldiers in Tiananmen Square as part of a scaling down of Beijing 's five-month-old state of emergency . 
NORC 's most recent opinion surveys find the youngest adults indeed somewhat more pro-Reagan and pro-Republican than other adults . 
( The union will keep a 2 % commission on construction projects . ) 
They pile out of their truck and furiously begin twisting together steel pipes linking a giant storage tank to the Sharpshooter , a freshly drilled oil well two miles deep . 
Mr. Valentine , who pleaded guilty to five counts of fraud in federal court in Los Angeles , drove a leased Mercedes and lived in an expensive home on Lido Isle , an island in Newport 's harbor , according to investigators . 
Sapporo Lion Ltd . ( Japan ) -- 50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1994 , with a 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can . 
Aeroflot 's international fleet of 285 planes is being repainted and refurbished at Shannon Airport . 
Thomas M. Hurley and Robert A. Vanourek , who had been designated to take over Recognition 's top spots had Prospect 's tender offer succeeded , were named co-chief executives and directors . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week . 
Departing from its newspaper ads featuring prim sketches of a suit or a coat , Brooks Brothers is marketing an updated image in a new campaign that carries the slogan , `` The Surprise of Brooks Brothers . '' 
Texaco , like many other oil companies , has been struggling to replace its falling oil and gas reserves . 
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's . 
`` The major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years . '' 
Among the economic effects of the hurricane was a sharp drop in rental income . 
It felt more like a party , or a highly polished jam session with a few friends , than a classical concert . 
Rally 's Inc. , a Louisville , Ky. , restaurant franchisor , started trading under RLLY . 
`` They 're the best production talent around , '' says Brian De Palma , beholden to Guber Peters for hiring him to direct the Warner movie of Tom Wolfe 's novel `` Bonfire of the Vanities . '' 
Saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
Thomas Plaskett , Pan Am 's chairman , said the U.S. airline 's participation is a natural outgrowth of its current arrangements with Aeroflot to jointly operate nonstop New York-Moscow flights . 
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
In Cherry Hill , the National Abortion Rights Action League , whose goal is to sign up 50,000 pro-choice voters , targets a union breakfast to build labor support for its cause . 
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace . 
MEA CULPA . 
( Accessories , largely for mountain-bike users , account for much of the rest of sales . ) 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect . 
Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company . 
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe 's once-stately insurance business . 
`` We are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into actionable knowledge , '' says Yosi Amram , founder and president . 
The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated . 
Metropolitan Life ad executives could n't be reached about the use of the Peanuts characters by others . 
Tom Herman contributed to this article . 
The index is intended to measure future economic performance . 
A spokesman said that neither Mr. Fireman nor Mr. LaBonte would be available for comment . 
For the first nine months , the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire , compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period . 
Similarly , the Big Board hopes to entice Merrill Lynch & Co . 
And the practice often varies from location to location even within a company . 
Television news , of course , has always been part show-biz . 
Mr. Clanahan says FEMA now possibly may have the heaviest caseload in its history . 
Whether Mr. McInnes 's oversight is merely a sign of a mainlander 's benign neglect is a question my fellow Channel Islanders ( and friends on the Isle of Man ) will continue to ponder . 
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right . 
U.S. curbs on the exports of sensitive technology to East bloc countries will remain in place , however . 
W. Ed Tyler , 37 years old , a senior vice president at this printing concern , was elected president of its technology group , a new position . 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132.8 million of housing mortgage revenue bonds priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group . 
There are $ 46,245,000 of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced at 97 7\/8 to yield 7.20 % , and $ 64.9 million of 7.1 % term bonds due 2016 , priced at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.25 % . 
Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company . 
Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner and Aqua Net hairspray . 
Mr. Percival will be succeeded on an interim basis by George Kadonada , US Facilities chairman and president . 
`` Just because upscale cosmetics look like packaged goods and smell like packaged goods , it does n't mean they are packaged goods , '' says Leonard Lauder , chief executive of Estee Lauder . 
But a partial recovery in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which had been down more than 60 points in midmorning , dashed those expectations . 
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names . 
Construction spending is believed to have slipped about 0.5 % from August levels , although economists noted the rate probably will pick up in the months ahead in response to hurricane and earthquake damage . 
But interest instead decreased . 
Today , we know that the accumulation of several of these altered genes can initiate a cancer and , then , propel it into a deadly state . '' 
In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at each price ) entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders . 
The communication Mr. Lee brought represents the softer line the U.S. has been hoping to hear from Chinese officials since the June 4 massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing . 
And while the company has n't made a definite statement , it now looks like that 's not going to be anytime soon , '' Mr. Maxwell said . 
`` You 're not going to make it in a 5 % bank account , '' says James Riepe , director of mutual funds at T. Rowe Price . 
This year , Scorpio sales plummeted , and at the current sales pace it would take Ford 242 days to sell off the current Scorpio inventory of about 4,600 cars . 
In a statement yesterday , Mr. Azoff said he chose Warner , the largest record company , because `` their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none . 
He says `` blaming futures is like blaming the messenger . '' 
Last year , the top 12 players on each NFL team took home an average $ 536,000 , a figure comparable to baseball and higher than in basketball . 
September was the 10th consecutive month in which steel exports failed to reach the year-earlier level . 
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects . 
Much of the money has been switched into money market funds , fund executives say . 
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
A year ago , the Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 4 million , or 30 cents a share , on revenue of $ 114 million . 
They did n't . 
But Mr. Greenspan , who has repeatedly said the Fed 's goal is to reduce inflation , added that `` whatever losses are incurred in the pursuing of price stability would surely be more than made up in increased output thereafter . '' 
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . '' 
The experience of Princeton\/Newport and initiation of other RICO-forfeiture cases against legitimate businesses taught Drexel that a RICOed investment bank would be an ex-investment bank . 
The early omens , we admit , scarcely suggest so wholesome an outcome . 
He cut the dropout rate by 5.5 % . 
Jackals roam the streets at night , and gemsbok , hardy antelope with long straight horns , wander in from the desert to drink from water sprinklers . 
Qintex Entertainment also said Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jonathan Lloyd , 37 years old , would join the nine-member board . 
Daffynition 
Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations . 
Still , with competitors such as Eastman Kodak Co. faltering in copier sales , Xerox 's sales increases `` were encouraging , '' says Eugene Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Arnold M. Katz 
For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty , and now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media and our Democratic Congress . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading Friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since Monday 's sharp fall . 
They use dollars to buy Western items such as video recorders and personal computers and then sell them at a huge mark-up . 
Do n't forget , trout have very soft mouths . '' 
The stock market 's woes spooked currency traders but prompted a quiet little party among bond investors . 
`` Most people -- whether in Toledo , Tucson or Topeka -- have n't got a clue who we are , '' says Guy L. Smith , Philip Morris 's vice president of corporate affairs . 
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago ? 
Late last week federal regulators ordered the thrift institution to stop paying dividends on its preferred stock -- a move that suggests deep concern about an institution . 
The city 's recovery from the earthquake was uneven . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Charles Schellke , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth . 
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need . 
The President came up with a good bill , but now may end up signing the awful bureaucratic creature hatched on Capitol Hill . 
`` I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , '' said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors . 
Under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of Picop 's equity is limited to 40 % . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Average yields on CDs aimed at individual investors fell less than half as much as yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
One maneuver : the `` public education '' gambit . 
Business : Restaurants 
Anyone who wants to appreciate just how bizarre this situation is -- with students who ca n't add or subtract `` learning '' the conceptual basis of mathematical theory -- should read the article by Caleb Nelson ( himself a recent math major at Harvard ) in the November American Spectator . 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 1.08 points to 35586.60 . 
Instead , it turns on the disputed and elusive facts of `` who did what to whom . '' 
Guaranteed by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd . 
The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Pentagon and Justice Department officials take a tough stance . 
The secondary , or resale , market for asset-backed securities is relatively new and much less active than for Treasury issues . 
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago . 
In a study of 250 of the nation 's richest companies , the group found that only seven managed to avoid paying federal income taxes last year compared with 40 in 1986 , the last year the old tax rules were in effect , and 16 in 1987 , when some of the new tax provisions went into effect . 
It will trade over the counter under the symbol CRAY . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
October employment data -- also could turn out to be the most confusing . 
On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares . 
In 1986 Congress strengthened the penalty by making it a felony . 
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . 
Storage , which includes computer controllers and 3.5-inch disk drives , represents nearly two-thirds of the company 's business . 
Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 . 
On Sept. 13 , Japan began a policy of screening boat people , accepting only those deemed to be political refugees . 
While some analysts say the dollar eventually could test support at 1.75 marks and 135 yen , Mr. Scalfaro and others do n't see the currency decisively sliding under support at 1.80 marks and 140 yen soon . 
`` There are a lot more downward than upward revisions and it looks like people are questioning corporate profits as a means of support for stock prices , '' she says . 
Last March , nine months after the judge 's swearing-in , the state attorney general 's office indicted him on a sweeping array of charges alleging more than 10 years of `` official oppression '' in Cambria County , a depressed steel and mining community in western Pennsylvania . 
During the televised Iran-Contra hearings , Mr. North came off as a patriot from central casting . 
Still , on average , the major California banks have the highest yields on CDs , according to Banxquote . 
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos . 
The Soviets also hope to make better use of their considerable expertise in theoretical science , which has helped them win twice as many Nobel science prizes as the Japanese . 
In fact , much of the buying in blue chips yesterday was a pursuit of companies with lower debt levels . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
`` The women wanted photo albums , a certain brooch , kind of sentimental things . '' 
If they ca n't secure immediate passage of a capital-gains plan , administration officials also are n't ruling out making a deal with Congress to put off a vote until a firm date in the future , even next year . 
Economists said the bond market 's strength also is a sign that investors expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates amid growing evidence that the economy is slowing . 
Two big stocks involved in takeover activity saw their short interest surge . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan , not everyone here is ready to give up . 
`` Mad Rush '' began its life as the accompaniment to the Dalai Lama 's first public address in the U.S. , when Mr. Glass played it on the organ at New York 's Cathedral of St. John the Divine . 
The Marina also has become the focal point of city efforts to reunite residents with any pets that may have fled or become lost during the earthquake . 
But they are also talking about new magazines . 
American Express 's share of Shearson 's earnings was $ 41 million , after preferred stock dividends ; it owns about 68 % of Shearson 's common . 
Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris . 
The August increase followed a 0.3 % decline in July . 
Gonzalez , who pledged to help monitor voting in Nicaragua , was said to be carrying proposals for free elections in Panama . 
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . '' 
`` The kind of instant liquidity that is implied by index futures is that you can buy a portfolio over two years and get out in one day . 
Priam Corp. said it filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code and announced a 35 % reduction in its world-wide employment . 
In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , or 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion , and analysts expect its results to continue to improve . 
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved . 
In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 . 
At the other end of the life cycle is `` Dad , '' Gary David Goldberg 's adaptation of the William Wharton novel . 
A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . 
The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government-owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization . 
`` First , they produced a flowchart detailing the process by which an air-separation plant actually gets built . 
Nashua 's stock has fluctuated sharply on takeover speculation , rising to a high for the year of $ 42.875 a share in June from $ 29.75 in March . 
Here 's a firsthand look at what the Japanese hosts sported , and what the foreign visitors saw . 
He sipped tea sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench , while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to take off their hats in his courtroom . 
The trading halt in the S&P 500 futures exacerbated selling and confusion , many traders maintain . 
Howard Stein , chairman of Dreyfus Corp. , said the fund was about half invested in government bonds on Oct. 13 , and about 10 % in cash . 
Mr. Holt is a columnist for the Literary Review in London . 
A sales tax increase would require two-thirds approval in both houses of the state 's legislature . 
British Petroleum fell 5 to 286 on 14 million shares traded . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
You do n't know which way to punch . 
To be sure , the threat has hit home down here . 
The Watts mall has annual sales of more than $ 350 per leasable square foot ; the figure for a comparable suburban shopping center would be $ 200 . 
Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ( $ 4 million ) , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
The German stock index tumbled 26.29 to end at 
Still , he says that only a few of the quake-related campaigns have been `` tasteless '' and that `` the majority have been truly beneficial to the people who need the help . 
Caspi Development Corp of Armonk , N.Y. , has developed two apartment buildings called Classic and plans a third . 
The companies earlier said they did n't want to raise their offer to match a rival bid by Institut Merieux S.A. of C$ 37 a share , or C$ 942 million . 
Analysts say Fed policy makers have been wary of relaxing credit too much because they were still uncertain about the level of inflation in the economy . 
She snaps photos of the buckled floors and the plaster that has fallen away from the walls . 
Both will report to Tim Breene , a former WCRS executive who will be chief executive officer at the new agency . 
It 's not that we do n't know how to , because we do . 
The yield on the Treasury 's 30-year issue fell slightly to 8.03 % . 
Ford probably will renew its request for such a meeting soon , he added . 
Hewlett-Packard will charge $ 5,000 for a license covering 10 users . 
Revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion . 
But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said . 
I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer . 
Richard J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder , increasing the board to nine . 
The 10-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The Street knows all about the predictability of its earnings , which are headed for a ninth consecutive yearly increase . 
Early in his political career , as a city councilman in San Antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a `` bat-roost meeting . '' 
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said . 
`` One of the hardest things to do is to buy stocks when the market is down , '' he says . 
By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict . 
We know they are dangerous , but if handled with care , their benefits far outweigh any risk to the environment . 
Interest may remain limited into tomorrow 's U.K. trade figures , which the market will be watching closely to see if there is any improvement after disappointing numbers in the previous two months . 
`` You just do n't see a whole lot happening , '' says an international economist . 
They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen ( $ 140 million ) in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany . 
Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service , The Movie Channel , on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems . 
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Other mutual fund companies reported even lighter withdrawal requests . 
Others are replacing older facilities with flexible assembly lines on which different models can be turned out at once . 
Last year , there was an issue of `` death-backed bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
Capital flight is reported to be strong . 
The issue was priced at a spread of 137.5 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
In a recent interview , Mr. Thompson said the biggest problem facing all commodity exchanges was one of image . 
London share prices were influenced largely by declines on Wall Street and weakness in the British pound . 
That may leave a lot of leeway for U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland to decide what , if anything , the pilots actually collect . 
But it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters . 
The No. 1 U.S. auto maker then wrote Jaguar that it intends `` to go to that 15 % '' level once it wins the U.S. clearance to go beyond $ 15 million , a Jaguar spokesman said yesterday . 
The venture is the latest example of the trend toward cooperative projects in Europe ahead of the 1992 deadline for eliminating trade barriers within the European Community . 
These are not certain , either . 
Mr. Ishiguro 's ability to create a fallible narrative voice that permits him to explore such intertwining domestic , cultural and political themes was abundantly clear in his previous novel , `` An Artist of the Floating World , '' set in Japan after the war . 
WCRS Group hopes to announce , perhaps today , an agreement to sell the majority of its ad unit to Paris-based Eurocom , a European ad executive said . 
The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed . 
Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks . 
The company has been manufacturing carpet since 1967 . 
It leads investors to focus on short-term price movements -- `` a game of musical chairs , '' he called it -- rather than on long-term fundamental valuation . 
Is the market up or down ? '' 
They promised yet more for really good stuff . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . 
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives ? 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
International Business Machines Corp. agreed to acquire a 15 % stake in Paxus Corp. , an Australian computer-software and information-services concern , for 20 million Australian dollars ( US$ 17 million ) . 
In the hard-hit Marina neighborhood , life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes surreal . 
`` We are dismayed , but there 's nothing we can do about it now , '' said Stanley Grayson , New York City deputy mayor for finance and economic development . 
Another suggestion would draw banks more directly into tracking down money launderers by developing a `` suspicious international wire transfer profile , '' which banks would use to spotlight questionable payments . 
The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Another sticking point for advertisers was National Geographic 's tradition of lumping its ads together , usually at the beginning or end of the magazine , rather than spreading ads out among its articles , as most magazines do . 
Messrs. Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble . 
Total turnover in Glaxo was a thin 975,000 shares . 
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football ( meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films ) . 
The agency did n't mention possible quantities and did n't say how the gas would be delivered . 
But the plan only threatens to heighten the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases that were filed in September 1988 . 
In the latest nine months , Mr. Hutchinson said , total coal sales rose to about 14.6 million tons from about 14.3 million tons a year earlier . 
Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins . 
`` UAL is a small deal as far as the overall market is concerned . 
Either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth , so for cancer to arise , both copies must be impaired . 
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece . 
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . '' 
Tandy 's stock fell $ 1.375 a share to close at $ 44 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
David Wyss , chief financial economist at Data Resources Inc. , Boston , said that the purchasers ' index `` does miss occasionally , '' adding : `` When it misses one month it tends to miss the next month , too . '' 
The tab even covers $ 8 million in commitment fees owed to Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , even though their failure to obtain $ 7.2 billion in bank loans for the buy-out was the main reason for its collapse . 
Algeria plans to increase natural-gas sales to Europe and the U.S. . 
My vision is to change human consciousness towards touch . 
Their price falls further than that of other bonds when inflation and interest rates kick up . 
The availability of timely assistance -- of a backstop -- can help markets retain their resilience . 
There are at least 27 class-action shareholder suits that have been consolidated in federal court in New York under U.S. District Judge Milton Pollack . 
The two sides had n't met since Oct. 18 . 
Hardest hit by Hugo in South Carolina were small retailers tied to the tourist industry and businesses in agriculture and cultivated seafood . 
Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
Canadian steel production totaled 290,541 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 21 , a 5.1 % increase from 276,334 tons the previous week but a 7.2 % decline from 313,125 tons a year earlier , Statistics Canada said . 
The move also reflects Coke 's eagerness to have a hand in developing the soft-drink markets in Pacific Basin countries . 
Who was doing all the selling ? 
SOUTHERN PACIFIC TRANSPORTATION CO. , San Francisco , railroad , annual sales of $ 2.41 billion , had only minor damage to headquarters and tracks , and expects to be fully operational tomorrow . 
Markets -- 
Adds Mr. Eidsmo , `` What felt good that day was done that day . '' 
A Texas legislator proposes color-coding drivers ' licenses of some drug offenders . 
The United Nations , which is distributing farm tools to returning refugees in Namibia , is rethinking a plan to hand out machetes because of the tense political climate during preparations for independence from South Africa . 
Mr. Anderson wants the prestige colleges to sponsor such a plan . 
RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit . 
The FT 30-share index closed 11.0 points lower at 1761.0 . 
Some analysts contend that silver is cheap now that prices are languishing at levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
The news has n't exactly moved others in Mr. McDonough 's profession to become architectural Johnny Appleseeds . 
Of course the Palestinians complain about their treatment ; of course the Israelis feel put upon . 
Michelle Pfeiffer ca n't chew gum and sing at the same time . 
And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market . 
Early this year Morgan and three other investment houses each received $ 25 million in advisory fees from Kohlberg Kravis & Roberts in its $ 25 billion friendly buy-out of RJR Nabisco . 
Dow Jones industrials 2662.91 , off 26.23 ; transportation 1236.66 , up 5.86 ; utilities 215.35 , off 0.13 . 
`` But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . '' 
`` We 've seen continued improvement in 1989 , '' she said . 
Freddie Mac 's 9 % issue ended at 97 19\/32 , up 2\/32 . 
For the U.S. to lend even the slightest support to the most infamous killers on Indochina 's bleak scene could only disturb America 's allies elsewhere . 
`` He still has n't proven his mettle as a big-league take-out artist , '' said airline analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley & Co . 
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . 
The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those who practiced before him say . 
After San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the soundness of buildings , Los Angeles dispatched 32 inspectors to help . 
She contends that similar mandates have driven up insurance costs 20 % in Maryland and 30 % in California . 
The representative responded that Noriega had numerous assets in place in Nicaragua and could accomplish many essential things , just as Noriega had helped { the U.S. . } the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal . '' 
Not even Jack Lemmon 's expert doddering makes this trip worth taking . 
Dr. Andrew McBride , city health director , said his staff suspects the hepatitis , which can be highly contagious , was spread by the cafeteria worker with the virus . 
Commercial transactions will continue to be based on the official rate of about 0.63 rubles to the dollar . 
We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
But it did n't sing . 
FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT , Oct. 8 , 1974 , and was promptly resurrected under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession . 
Some of the proposed modifications since , however , call on Saudi Arabia to `` give back '' to the production-sharing pool a token 23,000 barrels . 
But the music has its charm , and Mr. Glass has constructed his solo program around a move from the simple to the relatively complex . 
The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure . 
But it paled by comparison to what Sony was to offer last month : the chance , at last , to run a major studio , about $ 50 million in deferred compensation , up to 10 % of Columbia 's future cash flow , 8 % of the future appreciation of Columbia 's market value , and annual salaries of $ 2.7 million for each . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Pacific Telesis common closed at $ 45.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
I believe the U.S. is becoming more patient and circumspect , '' he said . 
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
a - Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the period . 
When the pilots refused , the company retracted it . 
The tender offer will be followed by the sale of all of Erbamont 's assets , subject to all of its liabilities , to Montedison . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The football and basketball players spent more time on their sports in season than they did on class attendance and homework combined ( 30 hours a week versus 25.3 ) . 
The foreign-exchange and government securities markets are vastly larger . 
Domestic orders were up a real 11 % and a nominal 14 % , while foreign orders rose a real 1 % and a nominal 5 % . 
Annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in October from 3.55 % in September . 
FOR THOSE WHO DELIGHT in the misfortune of others , read on . 
But a few funds have taken other defensive steps . 
The premium the elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month in 1990 from $ 27.90 , the Department of Health and Human Services said . 
The aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations . 
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants . 
That group includes banks and bondholders , who have claims of $ 150 million and $ 350 million respectively . 
That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means `` we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing . '' 
The major question , said one holder who asked not to be named , is whether New York investor Bennett S. LeBow , whose Brooke Partners controls Western Union , is willing to offer a large enough equity stake to entice bondholders into agreeing to a new swap . 
The Treasury Department proposed that banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers , which officials believe is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. . 
Even if the buy-out group is able to obtain financing , the transaction still faces obstacles . 
The spokeswoman confirmed that the bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings , but could n't immediately confirm the amount . 
Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 2 1\/2-room apartment in what she calls `` silent internal immigration , '' dreaming of escape . 
Morgan , Toronto-Dominion and Provident are leading that syndicate . 
`` Interest by Japanese investors was limited , '' said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
Under the plan , DeSoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives . 
Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night ( he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute ) . 
Drexel 's efforts to settle its legal troubles are being resisted by at least 10 states . 
And the Winter Olympics will air during the February `` sweeps , '' when ratings are used to set ad rates for local stations . 
During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high-yield bond portfolio . 
The Bank has been making adjustment loans for 10 years . 
U.S. and northern European diplomats confirm Mr. Korotich 's assessment that glasnost is in no immediate danger . 
Asset-backed securities `` are an attractive investment compared to bank certificates of deposit or other corporate bonds , '' says Craig J. Goldberg , managing director and head of the asset-backed securities group at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
How quickly things change . 
Terms were not disclosed . 
The Pentagon 's recently issued `` Soviet Military Power , '' though in general adopting a softer line , repeated the Sverdlovsk assessment . 
In the period ended Sept. 30 , net income rose 90 % to 31.18 billion yen , or 9.34 yen a share , from 16.38 billion yen , or 5.05 yen a share . 
Censorship is imposed by terrorism . 
Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom `` emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through '' the bank pact . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more . 
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running . 
Ms. Slater reports on personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
2 . In seeking approval of a TRO , the prosecutor must articulate any anticipated impact that forfeiture and the TRO would have on innocent third parties , balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets . 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly included with a list of New York chains up for sale . 
A direct hit on a major city , Mr. Goldberg figures , would cause $ 20 billion to $ 40 billion of damage . 
( I still say do n't look down . 
Merrill 's index arbitragers will continue to do other kinds of computer-assisted program trading , so there probably wo n't be any layoffs at the firm , people familiar with Merrill 's program operation said . 
`` They were on the road to recovery in terms of customer attitudes until this bad quarter happened . '' 
`` Maybe three years ago , there were a lot of { Ty } Cobbs in the hobby , and awhile back there were Babe Ruth checks , '' says Mr. Smalling . 
That storm hit the Gulf Coast Oct. 13 , closing the Louisiana Offshore Oil Port for a time and preventing tankers from unloading . 
Some litigators scoff at the notion that a sociologist knows more than they do about what makes a jury tick . 
The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports . 
`` I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were . '' 
New York , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago . 
But the last stock market boom , in 1986 , seems small compared with the current rush to market . 
'' However , pressure on Kidder 's parent , GE , could change Kidder 's policy . 
Mr. Wetherell , the underwriter , reckons half of his business could be transacted by computer , cutting costs at least 10 % . 
Books and software everywhere . 
Gingerly , some economists began to blame central planning . 
While results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes Don L. Robinson , associate director of the National Federation of Independent Business , the largest small-business organization . 
Such defensive issues as food , tobacco , and drug stocks have been in favor for some time . 
Following Mr. Linh 's appointment as secretary-general of the party at the sixth congress , Mrs. Thi has become the darling of `` doi moi '' , the Vietnamese version of perestroika . 
These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections . 
But the Soviets also are insisting that they will reserve the right to withdraw from the completed strategic-arms treaty later on if the U.S. does SDI testing or deployment that the Soviets think violates the existing anti-ballistic-missile treaty . 
Playing black in the first game , the human champion maneuvered Deep Thought , known for its attacking prowess , into a totally passive position . 
Great American Bank , citing depressed Arizona real estate prices , posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million , or $ 2.48 a share . 
Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc. said it received two contracts totaling $ 19 million to build gas-turbine generators . 
Additionally , the bank is increasing its loan-loss reserves for the third quarter by $ 8.5 million before taxes . 
A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % off regular coach fare . 
Polished hooves , fancy turf , fat purses -- the horse race of the year . 
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future . 
A number of major banks have posted big losses after sharply increasing loan-loss reserves . 
Earlier this year , Japan said it would cut the number of its drift-net vessels in the South Pacific by two-thirds , or down to 20 . 
British brewers currently own thousands of pubs , which in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks . 
Meanwhile , orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed manually . 
A bigger test will come next year if , as many analysts expect , bulk chemical prices slump in Europe . 
Over the weekend , the National Abortion Rights Action League singled out eight politicians , including Pennsylvania 's Mr. Freind , as 1990 targets and held a Washington seminar designed to train its leaders in political techniques , including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures . 
B.A.T rose five pence ( eight cents ) to 756 pence ( $ 11.91 ) in London yesterday as a late market rally erased a 28-pence fall earlier in the day . 
`` Really brave views right now would be foolhardy . '' 
`` This may not make George Bush a one-term president , '' said the Oregon liberal , addressing the Republican side of the House . 
And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight . 
No individuals were charged in the indictment . 
Property Capital Trust said it dropped its plan to liquidate because it was n't able to realize the value it had expected . 
In fact , a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated . 
Mr. Mark attributed the improvement to cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending together two sales organizations and more carefully focusing the company 's promotional activities . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Sony is paying a hefty price for a company that had revenue of only $ 42 million last year . 
Jaguar seems to be losing interest in giving GM a minority stake , said one individual close to the talks , adding , `` It would n't surprise me if { Jaguar executives } want to wait and see what the color of that { Ford bid } is '' first . 
Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12 % note for that overdue amount , to be repaid over three years . 
Armstrong 's shares , also listed on the Big Board , closed at $ 39.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
I think it 's a little disingenuous to be surprised that Fidel does n't invite the U.S. State Department to violate the jurisdiction of the Cuban government over its own territory . 
When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully , for fear of what the central bank may do . 
And to protect their reduced capital investment from eroding further , market makers became quicker to lower price quotes when sell programs are in progress . 
On Monday , the company , a provider of environmental consulting services , reported a wider fiscal fourth-quarter loss and predicted a loss for its fiscal 1990 first quarter , but said a profit is expected for all of fiscal 1990 . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 369.10 an ounce , down $ 1.10 . 
`` What counts is the bottom line . '' 
The company said the move was necessary to meet capital requirements . 
`` I think they should close down the futures exchange and then we could get back to investing . '' 
Most of that increase came in the first hour after the phone lines opened at 8 a.m . 
The U.S. has charged that the Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts in the Philippines , Hong Kong , the U.S. and other countries . 
The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , button suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses . 
Disappointment with the company 's earnings for the quarter led Prudential-Bache Securities to reduce its 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
The company is also renewing its emphasis on investigations , particularly undercover investigations for corporations . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
But Mr. Guber indicates in his affidavit that not all of the projects will be used . 
Corporate lobbyist Charls Walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` competitiveness . '' 
In a move that could pose a new competitive challenge to Time Warner Inc. 's powerful Home Box Office , cable giant Tele-Communications Inc. agreed to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. from Viacom Inc. for $ 225 million . 
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story . 
Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers . 
But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds . 
Alcan Aluminium was an exception , as it gained 1 3\/8 to 23 on two million shares . 
With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . 
Revenue rose to $ 1.5 billion from $ 1.1 billion . 
They 'd actually left the Soviet Union with $ 480 , but during a stop in Italy Ms. Volokh dropped $ 80 on a black velvet suit . 
And while signs of an economic slowdown , softer corporate earnings and troubles with takeover financing all have contributed to the stock market 's recent weakness , many investors rushed to blame program trading for aggravating market swings . 
Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia . 
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes . 
He was simply the first in this country to realize that treasures were just lying around waiting to be picked up . 
Revenue more than doubled to $ 2.62 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit-reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom . 
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % . 
Lomas Mortgage Funding Corp. II -- 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 23.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
This summer , speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park , in which a horse -- spooked on a trail that was closed to bikers -- broke its leg . 
The computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age . 
After being whipsawed by a volatile stock market , Treasury bonds closed higher . 
Mr. Wathen says his turnaround strategy has been simple : just hack away at the fat . 
Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English . 
Even so , the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch . 
The room in question is the directors ' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co. , 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh . 
The van Doorne family of the Netherlands holds an additional 11 % of DAF 's capital . 
Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market . 
`` We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good . '' 
Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple , bundled into a blue sleeping bag , sat up , said , `` Good morning '' and then the woman smiled , said , `` Is n't it great just to be alive ? '' 
Robert Guy , an associate curator at the Princeton Art Museum , was previewing a June antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix , which he , as a specialist in Attic pottery and a careful reader of the Stolen Art Alert in `` IFAR Reports , '' knew was stolen . 
Did I buy it ? 
As for corn and soybean futures , `` a lot of commission house buying this morning and computer-driven buying '' supported prices in early trading , said Steven Freed , a futures analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in Chicago . 
`` It is really unfortunate for human beings to be swayed by emotional discussions , '' the association said . 
`` Batibot , '' which started in 1983 as a hybrid of the U.S. program `` Sesame Street , '' has developed into a distinctly Philippine effort . 
The planned turbogenerator plant is expected to go into operation in 1994 . 
But such skills were alien to Toni Johnson . 
The value of the two transactions was n't disclosed , but an IFI spokesman said no cash would change hands . 
WHEN HUSBANDS take on more housework , they tend to substitute for chores done by the kids rather than by the wife . 
There 's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness . '' 
Several big mutual fund groups said last week that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th . 
The market for system-management software for Digital 's hardware is fragmented enough that a giant such as Computer Associates should do well there . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 5\/32 , down 3\/32 . 
For the PRI to stand a chance , Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth . 
A `` syndicate '' of shareholders holds just under 50 % of AG , Mr. Lippens said , and members have agreed to give one another the right of first refusal should they sell any AG shares . 
Because the CD had an effective yield of 13.4 % when it was issued in 1984 , and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then , part of the price Dr. Blumenfeld paid was a premium -- an additional amount on top of the CD 's base value plus accrued interest that represented the CD 's increased market value . 
So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 . 
Moreover , the number of people who spontaneously cited lower prices as the reason for their interest in Sears declined to 16 % in September from 33 % in March . 
Sansui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses . 
Edward J. Tirello Jr. , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , speculated that the sudden dividend elimination presages an expensive agreement with thrift regulators over the company 's insolvent MeraBank savings and loan unit . 
Concerning your Sept. 29 article `` Retailers Face Cutbacks , Uncertain Future '' : The outcome of our leveraged buyout is looking very positive . 
All have paid off for me in double-digit annual growth and continue to provide significant potential . 
The company 's stock plunged when it first announced that it planned to acquire Emhart . 
He said the rising volume of passenger traffic on this route justifies a major investment in new high-standard Moscow hotels . 
`` On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . '' 
Grace said it did n't invest any additional capital in the venture , which will be known as Grace-Sierra Horticultural Products Co . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card . 
Added another U.K. analyst : `` It gives them some cash in the back pocket for when they want to do something . '' 
A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper . 
Conservatives note that 43 governors have the line-item veto to use on state budgets . 
The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price . 
Pretax profit is seen at 45.00 billion yen , down from 47.17 billion yen , while net income is estimated at 23.500 billion yen , up from 23.031 billion yen . 
Lilly officials said they had seen reports of hypoglycemic unawareness among some patients making the shift from animal to human insulin , but did n't know if the problem had caused any deaths . 
But the old guard hired the New Crowd people : It brought in its own cuckoos . 
Looking to the past can provide some clues . 
Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue . 
Finding God 
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital-gains tax cut if faced with a potential default . 
It may stand as a metaphor for how wide and deep the divisions in that society continue to be however we try to deny their existence . 
Fund selling also picked up at that point . 
China-bound freight streams through the territory 's port . 
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . '' 
Most of the plans have reduced bids in case the plant fails to get a license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . 
I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years . 
Sun Myung Moon , the Korean evangelist-industrialist who in 1954 founded the Unification Church , remains the mystery man behind a multimillion-dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the American right . 
Investment-grade corporates closed about 1\/4 point higher in quiet trading . 
Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said . 
But as Highland Valley and Cananea begin operating , they are expected to resume their roles as Japan 's suppliers . 
Earnings from the bank 's global consumer business grew 27 % . 
Paying players at SMU was no casual operation . 
Their indicated market values thus are about $ 43.3 million and $ 28.6 million , respectively . 
But separate reports from Joshua Weiner and Denise Spence of the Brookings Institution and Korbin Liu of the Urban Institute find that `` a surprisingly small proportion '' -- only about 10 % -- of residents start out as private payers but `` spend down '' to Medicaid levels in a single nursing home stay before they die or are discharged . 
Mr. Leigh-Pemberton reiterated that the exposure of United Kingdom banks to leveraged deals have n't yet reached `` worrying levels . '' 
Mr. Price , 61 years old , also stepped down from the board of TVS Entertainment PLC , the British TV company that last year bought MTM , producer of such TV programs as `` Hill Street Blues '' and `` The Mary Tyler Moore Show . '' 
If the IRS admits its error and the charges have been paid , it will reimburse a taxpayer who has n't refused to give timely answers to IRS inquiries or has n't contributed to continuing or compounding the error . 
In just these three areas , the Commerce Department found $ 23 billion more exports than previously reported and $ 11.6 billion more imports , with the net result that the U.S. service surplus in 1988 increased by $ 11.3 billion , to $ 19 billion . 
The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations , the company said . 
Even the U.S. Forest Service , whose lenient `` multiple-use '' philosophy permits motorized vehicles on thousands of miles of its trails across the U.S. , has begun to close some lands to the bikes , including major portions of the popular Pacific Crest Trail , which stretches from California to Canada . 
Shareholders of Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano S.p.A. voted to accept a bid of 5,500 lire ( $ 4.03 ) a share by France 's Credit Agricole for 13.32 % of the bank , rejecting an earlier , equal offer by Italy 's Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A . 
Merkur was originally aimed at enticing into Lincoln-Mercury dealerships the kind of young , affluent buyers who would n't be caught dead in a Town Car -- a vehicle so bargelike that Ford is staging a press event next month linking the Town Car 's launch to the commissioning of a new aircraft carrier in Norfolk , Va . 
Alusuisse , of New York , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired First Boston Corp. to help identify bidders . 
The sterilizing gene is expressed just before the pollen is about to develop and it deactivates the anthers of every flower in the plant . 
In a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office , which both are arms of Congress , advised the new S&L bailout agency to abandon plans to raise temporary working capital through debt issued from an agency that would n't be counted on the federal budget . 
The Securities and Exchange Commission gave provisional six-month approval to the Big Board basket at a meeting late yesterday . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee backed off a move to come up with its own alternative proposals to the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization plans , according to sources familiar with the committee . 
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake . 
`` It s almost product de jour , '' grouses one account executive at Dean Witter . 
Texas simply pumped harder . 
( The legislation is similar to a 1987 `` beeper bill '' that was defeated after heavy lobbying by the telemarketing industry . ) 
Interprovincial Pipe Line Co. , an oil pipeline operator rumored to be mulling a gas pipeline proposal of its own , said that is n't in the cards . 
Keep in mind that this is the same movie in which a character is flattened by a steamroller only to pop right back up and peer in the window of a Boeing 747 -- from the outside -- as it takes off . 
Mr. Kakita said the key dollar-yen exchange rate is at 135 yen . 
He said he would convene hearings within two weeks . 
The moisturizer , introduced in 1962 , had a dowdy image . 
Mr. Lagnado said strength in employment appears to have the biggest impact on sales growth . 
FERC 's regulation had given pipelines until March 31 , 1989 , to pass on to customers as much as 50 % of the costs of buying out their broken contracts , which were made with producers when gas prices were high and supplies short . 
Shortly after Texas Air took control of Eastern , some Machinists union supervisors received a 20 % pay raise . 
`` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' he said . 
Marvin Davis , whose $ 5.4 billion takeover bid originally put the nation 's second-largest airline in play , is limited by a standstill agreement with UAL he signed in September . 
Futures prices declined . 
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
The dividend increase was Du Pont 's second this year , an affirmation of statements by top executives that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders . 
And they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants . 
Bernard Savaiko , senior commodities analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , said that when traders saw the market was n't reacting positively to the forecasts of lower LME stocks , they perceived a bearish sign . 
Dealers say the budding trade in Mr. Jackson 's canceled checks is unusual . 
Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.3 million common shares , via Smith Barney Harris Upham & Co . 
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time . 
The agreement marks Bausch & Lomb 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by veterinarians . 
Among the insider sales , Charles Raikes , the firm 's general counsel , sold 12,281 shares in August , representing 46 % of his holdings in the company . 
Unable to unload a large block of a French blue-chip company 's shares in Paris for two days last week , a frustrated Scottish Amicable fund manager finally tossed down her phone in disgust and called James Capel & Co. , a London brokerage firm . 
Still , despite their efforts to convince the world that we are indeed alone , the visitors do seem to keep coming and , like the recent sightings , there 's often a detail or two that suggests they may actually be a little on the dumb side . 
Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go `` back to the nature . '' 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in tobacco , distilled spirits and life insurance . 
Utility stocks , on the other hand , thrive on disinflation , because the fat dividends utilities pay look more attractive when prices are falling ( or rising slowly ) . 
Thomas Spiegel , Columbia 's chairman , said in a statement that the thrift was `` disappointed '' by the effects of the accounting changes . 
The sub-minimum wage would apply only to first-time teen-age workers for 90 days . 
One plaintiff , a doctor , testified in an affidavit that he also gave Mr. Peterson $ 50,000 to join a sort of investment club which essentially gave the physician `` the privilege of making additional investments '' with Mr. Peterson . 
The two major structures that failed Tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake -- the San Francisco Bay Bridge , completed in the 1930s , and the section of I-880 , built in the 1950s . 
The Western government report suggests a number of scenarios for China 's current-account balance , two of which are considered most likely . 
In the nine months , net fell 3 % to $ 106 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 110 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
According to its latest annual report , about a quarter of the company 's holdings are in Massachusetts , in the midst of a real-estate slump . 
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' '' 
Du Pont , which announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split and raised its quarterly dividend by 14 % , jumped 2 1\/2 to 117 3\/8 . 
I agree with Mr. Lehman 100 % ! 
That was the question structural engineers and California transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday as rescue workers began the gruesome task of trying to extract as many as 250 victims from beneath the concrete slabs of the double-deck Nimitz Freeway in Oakland that caved in during Tuesday 's temblor . 
Mr. Breeden contended that uncertainty over when the SEC might act could worsen volatility in the markets . 
Overseas sales were stronger , principally because of a rebound in Brazil , where economic turmoil had hurt year-earlier results , Johnson & Johnson said . 
This was in addition to a more parochial $ 4.5 million authorization for a health center in South Carolina upheld by a 273-121 vote in the House last night . 
Treasury Securities 
The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company . 
-- Allow the EPA to permit the continued use of pesticides that exceed its negligible risk standard if the benefits of doing so outweigh the cost . 
`` The agency has concluded that contamination may be widespread throughout the mushroom-processing industry in China , '' an FDA spokesman said yesterday . 
He met Mr. Bush in the 1950s , when the president was a young oil man in Midland and Mr. Allday was a lawyer for an oil firm . 
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers . 
Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 . 
Yet some lawyers point to Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Medtronic , Inc. , the patent infringement case the Supreme Court this month agreed to review , as an example of poor legal reasoning by judges who lack patent litigation experience . 
Jutting out just to the north of us is the Blackjack Peninsula ( after the oak , not the game ) which forms the core of the Aransas Wildlife Refuge . 
`` It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together '' on drug enforcement . 
The offer , set to expire Nov. 1 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request , the companies said . 
Maybe it 's crazy , '' he said . 
Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank . 
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at a fixed 107 to yield 3.43 % . 
Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples : They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings . 
They insist that CFCs are damaging the earth 's stratospheric ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's ultraviolet rays . 
The company went public earlier this month , offering 1,745,000 shares of common stock at $ 15 a share . 
Charles Wohlstetter , chairman of Contel , who is helping organize the alliance of Big Board-listed firms , said he had no time to work yesterday because he received so many phone calls , faxes and letters supporting his view that the Big Board has been turned into a `` gambling casino '' by program traders . 
Mr. Ramirez , who arrived late at the Sharpshooter with his crew because he had started early in the morning setting up tanks at another site , just got the first raise he can remember in eight years , to $ 8.50 an hour from $ 8 . 
Before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern . 
So , according to a Dun & Bradstreet Corp. survey , companies that had been refusing to spend even their very conservative budgets may loosen up before year end . 
The debentures , callable at par in five years , were priced at a yield spread of about 86 basis points above the Treasury 10-year note . 
`` Rest assured , we proceed with exemplary fairness . '' 
That brought in considerable fund selling , which continued until the close of trading . 
So it was n't surprising that Mr. Jones returned to his Arkansas roots when he went looking for a replacement for Mr. Landry . 
Holding the dam on taxes is the most important task of the Bush presidency . 
`` It 's Russian . 
It jumped 7.5 Monday . 
The building 's 25 courtrooms will be smaller , says Charlene Saunders , a court administrator . 
After coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against Ivan F. Boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are approaching an accord , people familiar with the case said . 
He softened the talk about a recession . 
Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return . 
Members of Congress have proposed restricting dual trading in bills to reauthorize CFTC operations . 
Founded by bike enthusiasts rather than businessmen , Specialized spotted the appeal of fat-tired bikes that go almost anywhere and began mass-producing them in 1981 . 
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
Crude oil prices rose slightly in lackluster activity as traders in the pits tried to assess action in the stock market . 
But now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk . 
Medicare Part B pays 80 % of a beneficiary 's allowable doctor 's bills after an annual deductible of $ 75 . 
Acadia Partners Limited Partnership , a Fort Worth , Texas , partnership that includes the Robert M. Bass Group , made the proposal . 
In secondary trading , investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/8 to 1\/4 higher . 
d - Percent change greater than 999 % . 
Silicon Graphics also plans to unveil even less expensive machines in the near future . 
The suit is still pending in Illinois state court . 
Treasury bonds ended slightly higher in light trading . 
Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , `` The Thin Blue Line , '' and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index rose 0.60 to 341.76 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index rose 0.71 to 320.54 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index gained 0.43 to 189.32 . 
Congress tightened auto safety standards for gray-market imports after U.S. auto dealers , including franchised foreign-car dealers , complained that they often were blamed when the second and third buyers of such vehicles found that the cars could n't meet U.S. auto safety standards . 
To Mr. Engelken , it is also a story `` about love , because I 'm blessed to have a wife who still thinks her slightly eccentric husband 's 50th birthday deserves the ultimate present . '' 
The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City . 
Richard de J. Osborne , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's `` decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future . '' 
Even such a pro-life stalwart as Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) had counseled some kind of compromise . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Jayark , New York , distributes and rents audio-visual equipment and prints promotional ads for retailers . 
Victoria , Texas 
The sale of a portion of refining and marketing operations to Saudi Arabia helped alleviate the decline in earnings from that business . 
A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity . 
Federal Paper Board Co. said it completed the previously announced purchase of Imperial Cup Corp. , a closely held maker of paper cups based in Kenton , Ohio . 
I sell -- a little . 
The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer . 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson . 
Right now , Mr. Hulings is waving his racing program , cheering for Karnak on the Nile , a sleek thoroughbred galloping down the home stretch . 
`` They looked like ordinary vacationers at first , '' says Willy LLerena , owner of Travel Air Service in Monte Bello , Calif. , describing five men who entered his agency last June . 
The suit , which seeks class-action status , was filed in Delaware Chancery Court . 
The Reichmanns and Mr. Zell , the largest holders of Santa Fe Pacific stock , have been looking for ways to raise the value of their investments , including possible spinoffs . 
The Hibor contract `` solves quite a bit of the problem of interest-rate risk in the interbank market , '' says Eric Cheng , a director of James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , the Hong Kong arm of the British brokerage firm . 
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than are Democratic members of Congress . 
`` This bad trade number raises some deeper issues about the market decline , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist for Mellon Bank . 
A Boise-Cascade spokesman referred to a speech by Chairman John Fery , in which he said that markets generally are stable , although some risk of further price deterioration exists . 
Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 . 
`` Nothing traded on Friday , and people were n't really sure where the market should have opened '' yesterday , said Raymond Minella , co-head of merchant banking at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
Fidelity 's junk fund has fallen 2.08 % this year through Oct. 19 , Lipper says ; the Vanguard fund rose 1.84 % ; and the T. Rowe Price fund edged up 0.66 % . 
Mr. Sloan praises the company as recession resistant and notes that it has an annual earnings growth rate of 32 % a year over the past five years . 
For one thing , credit-card loans are unsecured . 
In major market activity : 
I fell asleep on the lobby floor , next to a man wearing a Chicago Cubs jacket . 
Six top executives at the New York-based company sold shares in August and September . 
In the decade since the communist nation emerged from isolation , its burgeoning trade with the West has lifted Hong Kong 's status as a regional business center . 
The Office of Management and Budget has begun looking into legislation to provide more funds for earthquake repairs . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
But it may amount to little more than posturing ; the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks , and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week . 
ANTHEM ELECTRONICS INC. , San Jose , distributor of electronic parts , annual sales of about $ 300 million , NYSE , sustained very little damage , anticipated being `` in 100 % operating condition '' by midday . 
Mr. Kriz of Moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
Their problem is one of inefficiency of an industrial economy . 
Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer . 
But B.A.T 's restructuring , which was never going to happen quickly , now will take longer because of the market upheaval . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major { growing } household asset , is n't . '' 
Unless the market goes right back up , he says , `` it may take us six to nine months to find the money , instead of three . '' 
The constraints do n't bother the office 's 54-year-old manager , Erich Stromeyer . 
`` We lent a lot of money all over the place , '' said Tan Sri Basir , who refused to discuss the bank 's outstanding loans to 
The new Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) was created in 1972 to replace the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants . 
Even perks have been reduced . 
The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , housewares and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes . 
But after building up a commanding lead , the moderate to conservative Mr. Collor has slipped to about 30 % in the polls from a high of about 43 % only a few weeks ago . 
Evidence of the growing Japanese demand for mortgage securities abounds . 
Most recently , she has become the publisher of Movieline , a four-year-old Los Angeles magazine that began national distribution last month , with an initial press run of 100,000 copies . 
About $ 190 million were offered through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Eagle Pencil of Shelbyville , Tenn. , `` Pencil City U.S.A. , '' had made its earliest pilot plastic pencils in 1971 . 
RU-486 `` probably represents a technical advance in an area where none is needed , or at least not very much , '' said Phillip Stubblefield , president of the National Abortion Federation , at a reproductive health conference in 1986 . 
But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now . 
Such centrifugal egg breakers have been around since the 1890s . 
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination . 
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices . 
Dow Jones is the publisher of The Wall Street Journal . 
But according to bankers and stock analysts who have studied the paper mill , price is n't the only consideration . 
Despite the junk market 's problems , Drexel continues to enjoy a loyalty among junk bond investors that its Wall Street rivals have n't found . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
Further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the Information Technology Group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an undisclosed amount . 
A few years ago , Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house , which had been converted into apartments . 
Mr. Vaux said the share issue is part of a strategy to strengthen Labatt 's balance sheet in anticipation of acquisitions to be made during the next 12 to 18 months . 
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under negotiation . 
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association , they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year . 
Earthquake insurance is sold as a separate policy or a specific endorsement `` rider '' on a homeowner 's policy in California , because of the area 's vulnerability to earthquakes . 
April 22 , 1988 : 
Recently , Gen-Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA . 
New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Rep. James Florio pointedly returned from campaigning to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent , GOP Rep. James Courter , who has ardently supported abortion restrictions in the past but was absent . 
A spokeswoman said the apparel market troughed in the first half of 1988 , then began showing improvement in the second half of last year . 
Ms. House is vice president of Dow Jones International Group . 
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits . 
In one garden roomette she implanted a 43-foot square glass cube meant to show off a plaid tile floor conceit , a `` zinc sink , '' a `` huge fishbowl with carp '' and a `` birdcage with cockatoos . '' 
Fed Vice Chairman Manuel Johnson , who had dissented from the Treasury 's policy , told lawmakers , `` I became convinced about what looked to me like an attempt to push the dollar down against the fundamentals in the market . '' 
Tell that to Atlanta , which Pittsburgh replaced as the most-livable city in 1985 . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Regarding your Sept. 28 Politics & Policy column on the party differences over cutting capital gains or expanding IRAs : Why not compromise now and save the public from the coming infantile congressional political rhetoric that seems to go hand in hand with the process ? 
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million . 
According to Mr. Nixon 's office , `` This is solely a fact-finding trip . 
This is n't going to help , '' said Kenneth T. Rosen , chairman of the Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics at the University of California at Berkeley . 
`` It 's a good indication that level of profitability has peaked for the industry , '' says Vahid Fathi , metals analyst with Prescott , Ball & Turben Inc. , who had estimated Reynolds would earn about $ 2.35 a share . 
`` They want to pretend it does n't exist , '' he said . 
`` The city has issued so much supply recently that some people are getting a little concerned . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
`` With the FBI around here , bragging rights are a thing of the past , '' said one trader , referring to the federal investigation of futures trading that so far has resulted in 46 indictments lodged against individuals on the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
Strokes , heart attacks , leg pains ( intermittent claudication ) and other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits . 
While Steppenwolf was in London with `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' Bruce Sagan , the president of its board of directors , quietly returned to Chicago to buy a piece of real estate in the city 's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and theater district . 
`` I do n't think Kellogg can get back to 40 % this year , '' he said . 
Many of the lost tourism dollars wo n't be recovered ; many trips delayed never take place . 
Marketers themselves are partly to blame : They 've increased spending for coupons and other short-term promotions at the expense of image-building advertising . 
At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non-food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a `` matter of months . '' 
These and other problems squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % , down from more than 13 % annually in the first half of the decade . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 135.09 points to 35242.65 . 
The NFL Players Association , meanwhile , contends that athletes are paid a wage commensurate with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries . 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
In return for an ownership stake in the company , the pilots were willing to agree to a seven-year contract that included a no-strike clause and significant wage concessions and productivity gains the union previously resisted . 
In Texas , taxes and development costs are also lower , they said . 
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) -- 
The fund invests heavily in dollar-denominated money-market securities overseas . 
IBM is five times the size of Digital -- and 40 times the size of Tandem -- and wields enormous market power . 
Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks . 
The Amex short interest volume leader again was Texas Air Corp. , rising to 3,820,634 shares from 3,363,949 . 
But Mr. Monsky sees much bigger changes ahead . 
A Soviet legislative panel rejected as not radical enough a government proposal on decentralizing economic control . 
He also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur , and he decided to follow suit . 
He estimated it could take a day for a computer security manager to expunge the virus from a computer system . 
It is indeed hard to back away from a widely publicized forecast , and Mr. Straszheim is fidgeting with the handcuffs on this trip . 
EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said it agreed to buy Vizeversa , an agency in Barcelona . 
The study , conducted by a task force of the Brookings Institution , suggests that Congress should require the courts to develop the plans . 
So Mr. Kahn says high priority is being given to creating a computerized matchmaking service `` where instead of being matched for eye color , you could be matched for similar intellectual interests . '' 
Colgate 's household products business , which includes such brands as Fab laundry detergent and Ajax cleanser , has been a weak performer . 
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales . 
But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies . 
Chubb , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 3 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 . 
Referring to Mr. Bennett 's claim that the federal government would provide $ 97 million in emergency federal support , Ms. Thompson wrote , `` Our analysis was unable to even come close to documenting that figure . '' 
But after about eight months , the vice president of the division , Ed Soule , learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt . 
No longer . 
William H.J. Buchanan , the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel , sold 7,000 shares in two separate sales in September for $ 406,000 . 
`` But the customer does n't want that . '' 
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . '' 
The amendment is aimed at skirting a Supreme Court ruling that threw out the conviction of a Texas flag-burner on grounds that his freedom of speech was violated . 
Mr. Lynch left Wang this summer for Oracle Systems Inc. , a software vendor . 
The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets , all right , but through August , at least , it appeared to be `` sterilizing '' the intervention . 
If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time . 
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . 
Unable to stop his accelerating descent , he crashes . 
He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then became the sole chief executive . 
The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency ; long-term growth depends on it . 
Many companies are hesitating . 
IBM will face still more competition in coming months . 
On Isaac Stern 's recording it 's very biting . '' 
An FTC spokesman said the matter is `` in a non-public posture at this time '' and declined to comment further . 
Other blue-chip consumer issues also fared relatively well : PepsiCo rose 1 3\/8 to 58 1\/2 ; Coca-Cola Co. was unchanged at 66 3\/4 ; McDonald 's also closed unchanged at 30 1\/2 , and Merck rose 1\/2 to 75 1\/4 . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Mediobanca said during the weekend that it agreed to sell the shares back to Giovanni Agnelli for 333 billion lire . 
It takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type . 
Gill & Duffus Ltd. , a British cocoa-trading house , estimated that the 1989-90 world cocoa surplus would be 231,000 tons , down from 314,000 tons for the previous year . 
By yesterday morning , much of the world was still unable to reach San Francisco by telephone . 
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton declined to comment . 
In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights . 
The network 's own production company , NBC Productions , supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled `` Saved By The Bell . '' 
Mr. Russo , 38 years old , previously was first vice president , public affairs and advertising , at the banking unit . 
Mr. Achenbaum , too , delves into his clients ' business . 
We have a major problem , and that problem is volatility . '' 
The offering is backed by Freddie Mac 's 10 % issue with a weighted average term to maturity of 29.583 months . 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
The problem for Congress will be to weigh what China is saying to its people against the more conciliatory message it is delivering to the Bush administration . 
This can not be solved by provoking a further downturn ; reducing the supply of goods does not solve inflation . 
Over the last few weeks , he has frittered away roughly half of what was once a 33-point lead in the polls over Mr. Giuliani . 
In practice , the director of central intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial members . 
Two other money managers , in explaining why they have sold large amounts of H&R Block stock this year , spoke on the condition they not be named . 
Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage . 
`` There are an increasing number of people out there who are time-poor , '' said Chris Vroom , retail analyst with Alex . Brown & Sons of Baltimore . 
`` Those who testified { yesterday } have consistently maintained that anyone who did n't agree with them is part of a coverup , a whitewash , or the subject of excessive influence , '' Mr. Bickwit said . 
Because of the difficulty of assessing the damages caused by the earthquake , Aetna pulled together a team of its most experienced claims adjusters from around the country . 
But the issue is stickier than it seems . 
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately . 
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down . 
Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff . 
The legislation , approved 345-47 and sent to the Senate , establishes two enterprise funds , to be governed by independent nonprofit boards , which will make loans and investments in new business ventures in Hungary and Poland . 
But he said Akzo is considering `` alliances '' with American drug companies , although he would n't elaborate . 
Proponents maintain that a president would choose to use a line-item veto more judiciously than that . 
The first UAL deal unraveled after Citibank and Chase could n't raise $ 7.2 billion . 
In Myrtle Beach , S.C. , the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $ 35 , or as much as 22 % below regular prices . 
Another option for Delmed , the company said , is that it could sell its plant in Ogden , Utah . 
Ten years ago , the newspaper El Espectador , of which my brother Guillermo was editor , began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress . 
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
`` There 's no question it will make LBOs more expensive , '' he said . 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
Mr. Jordan has served as executive director of the United Negro College Fund , director of the Voter Education Project of the Southern Regional Council and attorney-consultant to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity . 
A Canadian government agency conditionally approved proposed exports to the U.S. of natural gas from big , untapped fields in the Mackenzie River delta area of the western Canadian Arctic . 
Jaguar ended 22 higher at 747 . 
`` The thing it says about Mips is that they 're on a roll right now , '' said Ms. Gant at InfoCorp . 
Some U.S. products are filtering into the Soviet market under an emergency import program . 
The current distribution arrangement ends in March 1990 , although Delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to National Medical , the spokeswoman said . 
Last year , Cray earned $ 156.6 million , or $ 4.99 a share , on revenue of $ 756.3 million . 
In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Lupel anticipates no legal action to reverse the Illinois Supreme Court 's decision to institute the changes . 
And Robert D. Arnott , president of asset allocator First Quadrant , notes that before Friday 's tailspin , daily volatility on the New York Stock Exchange in recent weeks had reached `` historically low levels . '' 
And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy . 
According to officials in Washington , the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias , it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega 's promises of democratic elections were tested next February . 
Mr. Fischer plows his own fields , sows his own corn and sunflowers , and feeds his own sheep . 
And the Colorado planner who promised to make some of his clients millionaires on investments of as litle as $ 100 ? 
These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper , and each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away . 
It will be hard to do handstands until real linage starts heading back up . '' 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3416.81 , up 
I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole and 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients . 
By 1986 , the number of federal regulators was down to about 103,000 . 
As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , `` We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter '' when Cray earned $ 88.5 million , or $ 2.80 a share . 
But some observers believe Paramount Chairman Martin Davis wanted to avoid the possible taint of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for Time . 
That indicates speculators are betting a higher offer is in the wings . 
Mr. Darby called it a `` disappointment '' but predicted exports will pick up again . 
Still , case-by-case retrospective decision making of this sort is vulnerable to the tunnel vision caused by a fixation on ad hoc ( and usually sleazy ) examples . 
Rather , the brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private `` township '' enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership . 
Since this treasure chest is too big to fit in a bank vault , it has been turned into one . 
Now , those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating . 
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6055 , up from $ 1.6030 late Monday . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co. named Masahiro Dozen president . 
Former Rep. Robert Bauman , a Maryland Republican who lost his seat in 1980 after he was caught soliciting sex from a 16-year-old boy , has never regained his professional footing as a lawyer . 
Trifari now trains sales help to advise customers on the best earring styles . 
Market participants hope today 's GNP report will offer more substantial evidence on U.S. economic growth , although analysts are quick to point out that the figures may overstate the economy 's vigor . 
`` Caution should ... be the rule of the day , '' said Mr. Leigh-Pemberton in a speech to the Association of Corporate Treasurers ' annual dinner . 
The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel trailers , folding campers and van conversions . 
The prospect of buying into a cash-hungry company without getting management control persuaded at least three foreign buyers , including a member of the Elders group of Australia , to pull out of the bidding , the bankers and analysts say . 
If a conductor is sensitive enough to bring down the orchestra { volume } at that point , it makes the piece magical . 
One ad features a huge robot carrying a voluptuous woman in a faint . 
`` We 're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition , '' he said . 
HEYNOW : 
`` It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , '' argued Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York . 
The latest period loss included a $ 12.9 pretax charge for severance payments . 
Paxus said in a statement it has several `` well developed product and services relationships '' with the U.S. computer company , and plans to expand these links . 
On a pretax basis , Itel 's third-quarter earnings of 30 cents a share were actually 7.14 % higher than the average of estimates . 
Along with the exodus of shopping opportunities is an exodus of the jobs that the major chains used to provide to community residents . 
Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work . 
CONSERVATIVES EXPECT Bush to solidify their majority on a key court . 
Although their ads picture curvy young people in skimpy outfits , club owners know the future lies with the lumpier over-40 set . 
When the loan agreement was announced , it was hailed as one of the first Western-style financing transactions ever used in China . 
Spurred by growth in world-wide sales of the company 's prescription drugs , Warner-Lambert said 1989 will be the best year in its history , with per-share earnings expected to increase more than 20 % to about $ 6.10 . 
They led the Major Leagues in regular-season wins with 99 and flattened the Toronto Blue Jays four games to one for the American League pennant before stomping their cross-bay rivals . 
Moreover , Daewoo 's domestic sales have grown half as fast as sales of its rivals . 
City fathers have managed to push through projects that are crucial for tourist growth , such as the expansion of McCarran International Airport to accommodate the 44 % of Las Vegas tourists who fly here . 
Rep. Don Edwards , the California Democrat , warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be `` outside the scope of the commission 's jurisdiction . '' 
In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses . 
Congress is in no position to naysay Mr. Bush now that we 're into Gramm-Rudman 's sequestration . 
So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S. . 
Mr. Gandhi has called general elections for November , and many businessmen fear that he and his Congress ( I ) Party will lose . 
The TVS spokesman said Mr. Price still holds about an 8 % TVS stake , acquired as part of the MTM acquisition . 
He added that Olivetti will continue making its LSX minicomputer line . 
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . '' 
The property seized by the IRS is a Hollywood film studio , Master Pictures Incorporated ( MPI ) . 
`` There was no loan , there is no loan , there never shall be a loan , '' the judge wrote the bank on his judicial stationery , according to the report . 
But there is not one shred of evidence that , other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday . 
Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR . 
It has not , however , made a formal proposal . 
Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment . 
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives . 
Officials said South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3 % to $ 3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17 % to $ 2.61 billion . 
Insisting that they are protected by the Voting Rights Act , a group of whites brought a federal suit in 1987 to demand that the city abandon at-large voting for the nine member City Council and create nine electoral districts , including four safe white districts . 
`` Mr. Lortie felt less pertinent , '' Mr. Nadeau said , given the decision to dump Provigo 's non-food operations . 
Indeed , it would be irresponsible to ignore such sources of information . '' 
The week 's total was down 7.1 % from 297,446 tons a year earlier . 
Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Fireman 's closed at $ 35.50 a share , down 50 cents . 
In Honduras , where the Contras are a hot political issue , he promised to help unblock some $ 70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington . 
`` I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1\/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end . '' 
The recent outcry over program trading will cast a pall over the stock-fund environment in the coming months , some analysts say . 
But while its stock is selling at about half Control Data 's estimated breakup value , neither Messrs. Perlman nor Price said he spends much time considering the possibility of a hostile takeover . 
Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases . 
Poland 's premier is to visit Moscow next month . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over ? 
Walter Connolly , chairman , said in an interview that the company expects to record pretax gains of $ 100 million to $ 125 million from the sale of its leasing operations and of certain financial processing services . 
Analysts predict little or no near-term growth . 
Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped . 
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . 
It is evident that their conversation runs more or less on the following lines : `` I 've submitted the manuscript of my novel under the title ` Teresa de Cepeda , ' and in it I 've treated a few neglected aspects of that eternal problem which ... '' 
`` Never Too Young '' is a different sort of work , focusing on the 1986 death from cocaine ingestion of Bias , a University of Maryland basketball star ticketed for sure pro stardom . 
I feel any patient with high-risk cancer is getting short shrift if he is not offered this opportunity . '' 
The increase follows a monthly rise of 0.2 % in September from August . 
So far the company had bought back 1.6 million shares . 
In fiscal 1989 , P&G earned $ 3.56 a share , adjusted for the stock split . 
Virtually every automotive analyst in New York showed up . 
Any sale of Intelogic could have an impact on the battle between Mr. Edelman and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint . 
Few telephone lines snapped . 
10 billion yen ( $ 70 million ) of 6 % bonds due Feb. 24 , 1993 , priced at 101 1\/4 , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
And the league is trying to get more for its three-year national network contract , which expires after this season . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Banks that adjusted payouts on CDs in the most recent week made only fractional moves , he said . 
`` If we get a decent rally { today } , maybe the buyers will come back . '' 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
Now that a key member of the San Diego Yacht Club team is splitting off to form his own team , even more competition lies ahead . 
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails . 
Massachusetts Attorney General James Shannon , opposing the license , said he will appeal the ruling in federal court . 
With three minutes left on the clock , Mr. Aikman takes the snap , steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back . 
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality . 
A recall of the mushrooms blamed for the food poisoning began in early March . 
`` You have to go into it firmly believing that it 's the kind of investment where you can lose everything . '' 
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago . 
Mr. Dorfman covers investing issues from The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
The company said the growth was led by its major operations , particularly mailing , shipping , dictating and facsimile businesses . 
`` We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... . 
It is hoped that other Japanese would then follow the leader . 
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience . 
Even claims against individuals and companies face significant roadblocks . 
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? '' 
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . 
The company said it was doing a brisk business in computer power-surge protectors , cables and uninterruptable power sources . 
Mexico is the biggest importer of both rum and brandy from the U.S. . 
First Hospital advised Comprehensive Care that an agent for the financial institutions providing financing of its acquisition is scheduled to make a final credit determination tomorrow , and that a favorable determination could result in a reorganization at Comprehensive Care `` by the end of October . '' 
`` Personal Computer '' yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk , and dog-eared copies of Nikkei Computer crowd magazine racks . 
Bridge and highway collapses will disrupt truck and auto transportation in the San Francisco Bay area for months to come . 
The results show Sears is struggling to attract shoppers . 
Mr. Kristol , an American Enterprise Institute fellow , co-edits The Public Interest and publishes The National Interest . 
WCRS Group announced a major restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business . 
But some of it also represented profit-taking by investors who have made big gains in some issues . 
Net interest income in the third quarter edged up 1.4 % , to $ 317.7 million . 
Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly . 
The official stressed that the PLO has n't rejected the five-point formula . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8578 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , down from 142.43 yen late Friday . 
`` If the two sides are n't careful , U.S.-China ties could spin downward , out of control , '' says a U.S. official in Beijing . 
An estimated $ 38.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of North Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman . 
The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million , the Japanese government has put up just about as much , or so it is reported and at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million . 
At the same time , the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism . 
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him . 
His recent speech , provocatively titled `` Blacks ? Animals ? Homosexuals ? What is a Minority ? '' caused an uproar when its title leaked out . 
The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
Advertising rates for The Wall Street Journal\/Europe , published in Brussels and printed in the Netherlands and Switzerland , will increase 9 % . 
The earthquake 's toll , including possible deep structural damage , goes far beyond the more easily observed damage from a hurricane , says George Reider , a vice president in Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's claims division . 
She now lives with relatives in Alabama . 
$ 2,057,750,000 . 
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress in this session by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C . ) . 
PPG Industries Inc. , hurt by softness in the U.S. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 5.5 % to $ 106.7 million , or 97 cents a share , from $ 112.9 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
Qintex Entertainment also said David Evans , its president and chief executive , and Roger Kimmel , a director , both resigned . 
Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France . 
The cost of buying the additional 48 % stake would be 10.95 billion francs ( $ 1.74 billion ) . 
The Treasury sold $ 7.81 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 7.52 % , the highest since the average of 7.63 % at the auction on Oct. 10 . 
The CBOE opened for business on April 26 , 1973 , in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom . 
He is putting money in Dress Barn , Circuit City Stores , Bruno 's , and Rubbermaid . 
The U.S. Commerce Department reported a $ 10.77 billion deficit in August , compared with a revised July deficit of $ 8.24 billion . 
The company said losses from the Oct. 17 earthquake in California have n't yet been determined , but that it provides earthquake coverage to about 1,400 properties in the stricken area . 
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
Analysts said some investors were disappointed that the cash-rich company had failed to announce a special dividend . 
NRM said its $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred units will be converted into an equal number of shares of $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred stock of Edisto . 
Adults have had access to the only approved antiviral drug since 1987 . 
Mr. Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , Calif. , enlisted his local congressman , and the battle was joined . 
But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it . 
Metromedia Co. said its Metromedia Long Distance unit has been renamed Metromedia-ITT Long Distance , reflecting acquisitions from ITT Corp. , which licenses its name to closely held Metromedia . 
By comparison , global asset allocation funds have turned in an average total return of about 19 % , while domestic flexible portfolios are up about 17 % . 
Mr. Pimlott and Mr. McCarthy join Barclay 's from Kleinwort Benson Ltd. where they served as directors . 
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
The painting , attributed to Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens , was purchased privately through Sotheby 's , not at auction . 
USX Corp. and its Japanese partner , Kobe Steel Ltd. , agreed to form a joint venture to build a new plant to produce hot-dipped galvanized sheet products , mainly for the automotive market . 
Others said that the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum pits and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions . 
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring . 
The text of the `` new policy '' guidelines from the Criminal Division are reprinted nearby . 
Proceeds from the bonds , with coupon rates in the 8 % range , will be used to replace bonds with an average interest rate of 13.1 % . 
The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as `` la-la activists . '' 
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer . 
Dr. Morgan has just emerged from the D.C. jail after more than two years ' confinement for contempt of court , a heroine to her many supporters . 
It gave the Japanese people a value system , based on the rationalization that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus . 
Mr. Gross said he had hoped that a cost savings of $ 450 million would result in even greater growth than the 20 % annual earnings increase AT&T has told analysts it expects in the future . 
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. , a fast-growing maker of computer workstations , said it landed two federal government contracts worth more than $ 100 million over the next five years . 
But there was a dearth of sellers , traders said , so buyers had to bid prices up to entice them . 
Unless parents and educators alike start to develop more discipline in children , all the worthy concern , discussions and actions will not solve the problem . 
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion , Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics . 
In the opener , Sony Corp. would agree to buy Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. in a transaction valued at close to $ 5 billion . 
The project is one of a select group of public projects opened to U.S. firms under a U.S.-Japan construction trade agreement reached last year . 
The company noted that its third-quarter results should be released later this week or early next week . 
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
Italy 's Supreme Court this year ordered Parliament to write a law that will regulate media ownership . 
That introduction comes only two weeks after Compaq Computer Corp. , believing it had a lead of three to six months on competitors , introduced the first U.S. notebook computer with such features . 
A company spokesman said it was `` possible , but highly unlikely , '' that the plant might never be built . 
It currently costs $ 750 , though Mr. Sinyard thinks the price can be reduced within three years to between $ 200 and $ 250 . 
It ordered Rep. Bates to write letters of apology to Ms. Bertussi and to a second complainant , Karen Dryden . 
Total assets increased to $ 12.7 billion in the latest quarter from $ 12.4 billion a year earlier . 
There was very slow play on the market today , They were selling and buying by halves ; Instead of trading like Bears and Bulls , They behaved like cubs and calves . 
The committee also has summoned Mr. Wall 's predecessor , Edwin Gray . 
Statistics Canada said service-industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July . 
Chevrolet already has cash incentives on the 1989 models of these vehicles . 
The mural , now valued at $ 1.3 million according to appraisers , was tossed in a trash heap in 1971 by workers who were renovating the building . 
NEC Corp. , a Tokyo-based computer and electronics concern , said net income rose 18 % to 29.66 billion yen ( $ 208.7 million ) in the fiscal first half , ended Sept. 30 , from 25.12 billion yen a year earlier . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days . 
But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major contraction '' similar to those of 1974 and 1982 . 
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful . 
Because in the end , these people always wind up asking themselves the same question : `` How could I be so stupid ? '' 
Commercial and industrial construction rose sharply , partly because of three large projects , each expected to cost more than $ 100 million . 
Most sleep on the floor . 
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , parks and housing projects . '' 
Because finance and services contribute 10 % to final business product , missing these productivity improvements depresses the overall growth rate by 0.15 % a year . 
They believe microeconomics , which addresses the problems of markets , investment climate and management practices , is the key to developing-country growth , not the IMF 's Keynesian focus on trade deficits , quarterly targets and government debt . 
They noted , however , that a 26-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average gave the dollar a sharp nudge downward late in the day . 
CORPORATE DOWNSIZING digs deeper . 
Publishing reported operating profit was $ 33.3 million , nearly flat with the year-before $ 33 million . 
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year . 
B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings but recovered to finish at 754 , up 5 . 
For a while , high-cost pornography lines and services that tempt children to dial ( and redial ) movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image , but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses . 
Many Law School Grads Find Classes Never End 
The two Remics priced were a $ 500 million Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issue underwritten by Salomon Brothers Inc. and a $ 350 million Federal National Mortgage Association deal underwritten by Greenwich Capital Markets . 
In the 1960s , Mayo Clinic researchers developed magnetic devices to stimulate motor nerves in the hand and other limbs . 
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex . 
These and other modern trading methods `` tend to promote dramatic shifts in assets , '' says George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
However , the bridge , which charges a $ 1 toll each way , does have `` loss of income '' insurance to replace lost revenue if the operation of the bridge is interrupted for more than seven days . 
The Tax Court recently denied business deductions by Mr. and Mrs. Peter S. Rubin of Cherry Hill , N.J. , who both were part-time distributors of Amway products in addition to their regular jobs as sales people in other fields . 
The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars . 
It generally fetches no more than # 25,000 ( $ 39,400 ) -- roughly # 16,000 less than the highest-priced Jaguars , which are all known for their hand-crafted leather work . 
`` I pull my hair back , wear a little makeup and look corporate , '' says Ms. Byler , who has been visiting Emerson since January . 
`` I 'm done in two minutes . '' 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House , Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive . 
The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers and financial planners who sell insurance , annuities , limited partnerships , mutual funds and other investments for Integrated and other firms . 
The ministry said the swap , details of which were disclosed last Thursday , will allow both state-controlled companies to reinforce operations in their main markets and argued that the move shows the dynamism of France 's state-sector concerns . 
It endorsed the White House strategy , believing it to be the surest way to victory . 
Foreign Bonds 
Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps , Mr. Courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head . 
Santa Fe International Corp. , which is owned by Kuwait ( and is n't related to Santa Fe Southern Pacific 's unit ) , is stepping up development of a well off Texas ' Matagorda Island where it found gas in 1987 . 
The two men spent an hour at Exit 10 , rehashing the event , `` fulfilling the lifelong dream of a young boy now turned 50 , '' Mr. Engelken says . 
Sales rose 6 % to $ 2.77 billion from $ 2.61 billion . 
In 1941 , Raeder and the German navy threatened to attack the Panama Canal , so we created the Southern Command in Panama . 
Family-owned firms that need cash to grow are attractive , says John Turner of Matuschka Gruppe , Munich . 
But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them from launching new publications . 
`` When there 's a clutter of brands , consumers simplify the complexity by telling themselves , ` All brands are the same so what difference does it make which I buy , ' '' says Karen Olshan , a senior vice president at BBDO . 
But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband . 
The General Accounting Office estimates that 50 % of IRS audits do n't spot companies that fail to file the reports . 
Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board 's report on industrial production in September . 
It is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n't mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes . 
Its securities have been dubbed `` bailout bonds '' by traders . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
( After tripling in size in the past five years , index funds now hold about 20 % of the stock owned by pension funds . ) 
The appeals court held : `` When a distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known and is deliberately imitated in order to sell a product , the sellers have appropriated what is not theirs . '' 
The chief culprits , he says , are big companies and business groups that buy huge amounts of land `` not for their corporate use , but for resale at huge profit . '' 
His firm , along with some others , issued new buy recommendations on insurer stocks yesterday . 
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes . 
In particular , `` shadowing '' a currency is anything but fixing ; it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility . 
This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million that matures March 15 , 1990 , and an $ 800 million bridge loan due April 30 , 1990 . 
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit . 
As rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the San Francisco Bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last Tuesday 's tremor . 
Officials at the New York bank-holding company were n't available for comment on the debt-rating changes . 
It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds and preferred stock ; A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns , and Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley . 
Mr. Meek said that a day or two before Lincoln 's parent entered bankruptcy proceedings , he and other examiners saw `` a truck with a sign on it that said it was from the ` Document Destruction Center . ' 
They 're in the midst of a turnaround , '' she noted . 
Worse , her walls move all the time -- at least in this production . 
Pinnacle West Capital Corp. , which has been wrangling with regulators for months over what to do about Pinnacle 's moribund Merabank thrift unit , suspended its dividend and reported a 91 % plunge in third-quarter net income . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
J. Nicholas Hahn , Cotton Inc. 's president and chief executive , was an outspoken critic of WPP Group 's acquisition of Ogilvy Group earlier this year . 
Revenue gained 45 % to $ 210.2 million from $ 145.2 million . 
Gold mining stocks traded on the American Stock Exchange also showed strength . 
But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such : his own words reveal this psychological profile . '' 
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses . 
Since June , Rochester Telephone signed letters of intent to purchase three other Wisconsin firms . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
The White House and the Democratic leadership in Congress blame each other for turning capital-gains taxes into such a divisive issue this year . 
Days later , the thieves returned and dug out more , this time adding insult to injury . 
`` However , if you exclude defense-related orders then durable goods were down 3.9 % . 
`` Yield greed often gets in the way of understanding things , '' says John Markese , research director of the American Association of Individual Investors , a Chicago-based educational group . 
National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains , though analysts note that Southland Corp. , owner of 7-Eleven stores , and Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort . 
As Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has opened up the country to foreign trade , the discrepancy has become ever greater . 
Ship lines operating in the Pacific plan to raise rates on containers carrying U.S. exports to Asia about 10 % , effective next April . 
East Germany 's new leader met with Lutheran Church officials to discuss a growing opposition movement demanding democratic freedoms . 
The transaction will take place tomorrow . 
Ms. Foster 's indulgence is nothing like the oily , hour-long rubfests enjoyed by spa visitors . 
Earnings are n't keeping pace , he says , because of heavy investments in the egg technologies and drought-related costs in its potato business . 
Over the years , the world 's stream of oil has been growing heavier . 
The odd mix of departments in the bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and the assorted provisions attached by lawmakers run from $ 1.5 million for a fish farm in Arkansas to a music festival in Moscow under the United States Information Agency . 
Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research . 
But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments . 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
Amstrad , a British computer hardware and communications equipment maker , eased 4 to 47 . 
Mr. Thompson calls discounting `` a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . 
Mr. Chan used to be an oddity in Hanoi : a private entrepreneur . 
Proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for remodeling the company 's Desert Inn resort in Las Vegas , refurbishing certain aircraft of the MGM Grand Air unit , and to acquire the property for the new resort . 
The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. , the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest in Grace Energy Corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy . 
Sales declined 10 % to $ 251.2 million from $ 278.7 million . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The two companies have been discussing a transaction under which Fresenius would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % of Delmed 's fully diluted common stock . 
The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year . 
The Atlanta-based chemical manufacturer said lower prices hurt margins for most products . 
I do n't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network or read their books . 
For one thing , the size of the affected market is enormous -- the European stock markets account for some 22.5 % of global stock market capitalization , with an estimated value of $ 2.175 trillion , according to Morgan Stanley Capital International . 
But proponents believe they may be able to shake enough votes loose to override the veto if they are successful in portraying the legislation as a matter of parents ' rights . 
Orders last month for metal-forming presses and other machinery to form metal with pressure surged to $ 110.1 million , a 78 % rise from $ 61.7 million a year earlier and a 55 % gain from $ 70.9 million in August . 
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion . 
`` I think Bush 's going there is a helpful sign , '' said Sen. Terry Sanford ( D. , N.C . ) a member of the Foreign Relations Committee who pushed to provide Costa Rica about the same amount of aid as it received last year . 
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. posted a 15 % rise in third-quarter earnings . 
Last year , the team ended up $ 2 million in the red on $ 30 million in revenue . 
Beyond the advertisements , the syndicator is planning a traveling arena show , new TV specials for CBS and even an exhibit at the Smithsonian Institute . 
Senate Democrats who favor cutting the capital-gains tax are n't ready to line up behind the leading Senate proposal . 
`` When we started the program six years ago , the use of Filipino was deemed unwise by the predominantly middle class , '' says Lydia Brown , the program 's creator . 
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. . 
`` It 's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street . 
He 's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter . '' 
Wall Street analysts have criticized Bethlehem for not following its major competitors in linking with a foreign company to share costs and provide technology to modernize old facilities or build new ones . 
Traditionally , boiler rooms operate on the cheap , since few , if any , customers ever visit their offices . 
In one , birds are the dominant carnivores ; in another the seas abound with `` little penises . '' 
Arnold Levine , acting co-chief executive , will continue as senior vice president and a board member . 
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them . 
Even if the Congress ( I ) retains control of the government , Mr. Gandhi 's ability to push through major initiatives might be hobbled by a thinner majority . 
There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.25 % , and about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 , priced at 99 to yield 7.282 % . 
Once he was held for three months without being charged . 
And it retains an interest in acquiring candies and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops . 
Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
It was therefore not surprising that close allies of the U.S. , virtually neglected by the Bush administration , ordered the Nicaraguan insurgents dismantled by December , long before the elections . 
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates . 
Analysts said SKF 's results for the first nine months lived up to market expectations as brokerage firms had predicted a pretax profit of 1.74 billion to 1.86 billion kronor . 
Thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary rigor of monetary policy to be undermined by exchange rate weakness . '' 
Like Lebanon , Israel is being remade by demography . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
For an investor in the 28 % federal tax bracket , 7.9 % tax-free is the same as 10.38 % on a taxable investment . 
Stretching his arms in his silky white shirt and squeaking his black shoes , he lectures a visitor about the way to sell American real estate and boasts about his friendship with Margaret Thatcher 's son . 
That trend could increase demand for hot-dipped galvanized sheet . 
Mr. Peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court . 
While it was once expected that futures would mimic stock prices , traders now routinely check the futures markets in Chicago before they buy or sell stocks . 
Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . 
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations . 
The company , which last month paid # 50.7 million for regional British brewer Boddington Group PLC , has about 13 % of the British beer market . 
At $ 1,000 per square foot , the Japanese want the feeling of indestructibility , he explains , not to mention protection from possible earthquake damage . 
Almost $ 8 billion of junk bonds that are considered untradeable include issues from SCI TV , Gillette Holdings ( not related to Gillette Co. ) , Interco , Seaman Furniture , Allied Stores , Federated Department Stores , National Gypsum , M.D.C. Holdings , Micropolis , Leaseway Transportation and Price Communications . 
Under the original buy-out approved by the UAL board Sept. 14 , UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions for a 75 % stake . 
The stock had been on the decline since the financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Friday and developer Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR . 
Gold , which has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time , yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness : The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar and the stock market . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
Designer Sandra Garratt filed for Chapter 7 Bankruptcy Code protection , saying that her cash flow had been cut off . 
`` The Fourth Knee Play , '' an interlude from `` Einstein on the Beach , '' is like a toccata but it does n't seem to move much beyond its left-hand ground in `` Three Blind Mice . '' 
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk . 
`` You are a dinosaur ... a hangover in a $ 10 suit ... 
Applause for `` Sometimes , Talk Is the Best Medicine , '' in your Oct. 5 Marketplace section . 
Long tax-exempt dollar bonds were mostly flat to 3\/8 point lower after a whipsaw session of moving inversely to stocks in modest dealer-led trading . 
Pre-trial polling helps the consultants develop a profile of the right type of juror . 
Aflatoxin is released by molds during grain and seed storage . 
Both Gen. Scowcroft and his deputy , Robert Gates , are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs . 
On Monday , when a mere seven common stocks managed new highs , six were utilities or golds . 
Mr. Bush has pledged as well to respect the 14-year-old executive order barring U.S. agents from assassinating foreign leaders or helping others to do so . 
`` These are just baby steps toward real interactive video , which I believe will be the biggest thing yet to affect television , '' he says . 
Now she says she 's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent . 
So DARPA is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by doling out research funds . 
When the shah died , President Carter was so scared that the shah 's ghost would blame him for shoving him out to make way for the ayatollah that he declared the Carter Doctrine . 
The company said there was an additional increase in loss and loss-expense reserves of $ 71 million reflecting `` higher than expected '' development in claims legal expenses from to prior periods . 
So it was with the Hiss case a generation later , when Alger Hiss became a lightning rod for the anxieties of the Cold War and conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal he had served . 
Warm winters over the past two years have trimmed demand , too , furriers complain . 
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
The earthquake that hit the San Francisco Bay area is n't likely to result in wholesale downgrading of bond ratings , officials at the two major rating agencies said . 
Elena Scambio , the woman assigned to run the Jersey City school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . '' 
Congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by subsidizing the development of beach communities on ecologically fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the hard-hit Isle of Palms near Charleston . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
`` People are sick and tired of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , '' said Mr. Robertson . 
None sustained `` significant '' damage , a spokesman said , adding that `` the delicate manufacturing process machines were checked and were all found to be operating normally . '' 
Robin Honiss , president and chief executive officer of this bank holding company , was elected to the additional posts of chairman , president and chief executive of the company 's New England Savings Bank subsidiary . 
The big problem for Daewoo , which holds about 21 % of the market , is the long series of labor disruptions it suffered this year . 
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted . 
Mr. Bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8 board meeting . 
Stores in a state of confusion are likely to fare poorly , and to lose customers to stable chains such as Limited Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Dillard Department Stores Inc. , which should do well . 
This of course led to disaster in New York City . 
The answer seems perfectly clear . 
Even though the over-the-counter market usually does n't fall by as much as listed stocks during program-selling blitzes , he said , `` when the market does recover , the damage is done and it leaves Nasdaq down more than the Big Board . '' 
`` Putting those times on the calendar , '' she says , `` is as important as remembering business appointments . '' 
General Dynamics Corp. was awarded contracts totaling $ 589 million for one Navy Trident submarine and for Air Force research on the National Aerospace plane . 
The envelope arrives in the mail . 
Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible , he said , and Akzo expects its Twaron business to become profitable in 1990 . 
The IRS offered no evidence of hidden sources of taxable income , so Judge Shields rejected its claims . 
Its effectiveness ca n't be determined until a large clinical trial is undertaken by the Army in January , according to Robert Redfield , chief of acquired immune deficiency syndrome research at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research . 
Eugene S. Clarke IV 
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck . 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher told a Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur , Malaysia , that sanctions against South Africa were `` utterly irresponsible , '' officials said . 
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . '' 
While they do n't expect the Fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen. Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written , and its opening line is , `` Please excuse my handwriting . '' 
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford . 
`` We do n't look at this as a major problem for us , '' she said . 
Offices with outside windows have inside windows , too , to let in more real daylight . 
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG 's battlements . 
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $ 1.31 trillion , the lowest since August 1988 . 
As previously reported , a member of the Philippines ' House of Representatives has sued to stop the plant . 
In one of the most sweeping environmental regulatory efforts to date -- involving products with an annual value of $ 135 billion in the U.S. alone -- the signatories agreed to curtail sharply the use of chlorofluorocarbons ( CFCs ) . 
`` People are looking for an ability to try and read the market , rather than be manipulated , '' said Dudley A. Eppel , manager of equity trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Instead , Valhi said , they may increase , decrease or retain their Lockheed holdings , depending on a number of conditions . 
And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it . 
He adds : `` Once both sides feel comfortable , it should be that much easier to make more progress toward the economic and social reforms that are now starting in the East . 
Expenses in the quarter dropped 11.2 % to $ 664.3 million from $ 747.7 million a year ago . 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
This global warming must have been entirely natural -- nobody would blame it on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers hunting mammoths and scratching around in caves . 
Ask Tommy Lasorda ; thin is in . 
She was the child of relative privilege . 
The top stock-index arbitrage firm last month was Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Bush administration officials appear increasingly concerned that Mr. Greenspan is cautious to a fault . 
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . 
In the affidavits , Mr. Peters says he was `` shocked '' when Mr. Ross refused a meeting and made it clear he would stop them . 
`` I do n't know { Mr. Phillips } all that well . 
White House aides said that although they made a small compromise on the length of a training wage , the final minimum-wage increase will meet the standards set by Mr. Bush . 
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered . 
Next spring , nearly 30 % of its suits will have pleated pants , compared with virtually none a couple of years ago . 
`` There 's no constitutional right involved in the rule change , '' he says . 
Revenue rose 15 % to $ 534.3 million from $ 464.7 million . 
`` It 's getting harder to sell , '' he mutters as he leaves the room . 
The company also pleased analysts by announcing four new store openings planned for fiscal 1990 , ending next August . 
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Morrison gained $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 . 
As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories . 
Meanwhile , the index of the 100 biggest non-financial stocks , the Nasdaq 100 , gained 0.47 to 438.15 . 
Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash . 
But the greatest damage was visited on buildings and roadways perched upon landfill , as were the Marina District of San Francisco and the Bay Bridge -- two areas of maximum devastation . 
Metals stocks also were especially weak , as concerns about the earnings outlook for cyclical companies weighed on the group . 
ESB said it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a `` take it or leave it '' basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called . 
Smiling broadly when he talks about Mr. Carpenter , Mr. Cathcart says the new Kidder chief is `` going to be recognized shortly as one of the real leaders in the investment-banking business . '' 
Winners outnumbered losers 645-293 , with 186 issues unchanged . 
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
He said the loss was n't `` that much different '' from Ford 's $ 37 million loss on U.S. automotive operations , but he declined to be specific . 
`` But advertisers would n't think of it , '' she said . 
Instead of proposing a complete elimination of farm subsidies , as the earlier U.S. proposal did , the new package calls for the elimination of only the most tradedistorting ones . 
Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe , rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand . 
It noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
We 're not rushing into anything . 
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote . 
His success is easy to understand . 
Platinum is believed to have good support around $ 480 and palladium at around $ 130 . 
`` Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , '' a spokesman said . 
Last week , the government took three bills to the National Assembly . 
He acknowledged , however , that Washington 's `` drug-related murder rate is intolerably high . 
And Mr. Eddington emphatically rules out a move to London : `` Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights . '' 
MOST FOOD companies these days are trimming the fat and cholesterol content of their products to appeal to health-conscious consumers . 
The transaction is expected to close within about 20 days , the company added . 
In the 1988 quarter , many farmers were forced to sell their cattle to feedlot operators because the drought dried out the pasture on their ranches . 
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others . 
Minitruck production fell 13 % to 94,243 units . 
Revenue increased 7.5 % to $ 540.9 million from $ 503.1 million . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
At the last minute , however , Pakistani officials sent in Gulbuddin Hekhmatyar , perhaps the most hated and feared of the extremists , with a demand that the surrender be made to his forces . 
Vickers PLC , a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million ( $ 173.3 million ) for Ross Catherall Group PLC , a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics . 
A young mother found her boy , who had been out buying a hotdog . 
It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' 
But at least one chief executive said he called Mr. Welch to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading , and other market sources said they understood that Mr. Welch received many phone calls complaining about Kidder 's reliance on index arbitrage as a major business . 
An emerging understanding of the genes is expected to produce an array of new strategies for future cancer treatment and prevention . 
`` All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` Do n't smoke ! ' or ` Wear suntan lotion , ' `` says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri . 
This year , the city faces a budget deficit that could become even bigger next year . 
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
One chapter opens : `` World War II was not one of France 's glorious moments . '' 
Some claim they suffered losses because they sold while he was buying and others because they bought while he was selling . 
They do deserve respect , however -- they are almost a year old , probably equal to about 106 in human years . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Most short-term certificates of deposit are yielding about 8 % or less at major banks , and the yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction fell to 7.61 % for three months and 7.82 % for six months . 
Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago , urged peace , negotiation and discipline . 
All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage . 
Trek previously made only traditional road bikes , but `` it did n't take a rocket scientist to change a road bike into a mountain bike , '' says Trek 's president , Dick Burke . 
Foreign earnings fell to $ 180 million from $ 182 million that included a $ 48 million gain from lower Canadian and Australian taxes . 
J.C. Penney Co. -- 
Mr. Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc . 
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment . 
-- Ralph Shaffer . 
`` I assume those accounts are closed , '' says Mr. Smalling , referring to the accounts of the canceled checks . 
In a sagging market , the Federal Reserve System `` might flood the market with funds , and that should bring interest rates down , '' says Leonard T. Anctil , vice president of the Bank of New England , Boston . 
If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % . 
Nicholas Brady , the incumbent treasury secretary , is of course aware of the proposal , and he does n't like it much . 
Conner is supplying hard-disk drives for the machine , which weighs only six pounds and fits in a briefcase . 
The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . 
That 's because the male part , the tassel , and the female , the ear , are some distance apart on the corn plant . 
`` We 're getting to the point where we are going to have to meet '' with him , one Ford official said yesterday . 
The company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days . 
But SONG founder Jeremy Kahn , a Harvard junior , thinks of nerds and geeks more as `` nonconformists , '' albeit with a studious bent . 
International Business Machines Corp. said earnings tumbled 30 % in the third quarter , even a bit further than expected , rendering the outlook doubtful for the next few quarters . 
David D. Lung was appointed president and chief operating officer of this maker of building materials for manufactured homes and recreational vehicles . 
`` Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
The 7 % Treasury bond due October 1999 ended off 0.60 point to 99.35 to yield 7.09 % , while the 6 3\/4 % notes due 1994 fell 0.35 point to 97.25 to yield 7.45 % . 
Nevertheless , the 1989 deficit still exceeded the $ 136 billion target set by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law by $ 16 billion , a reminder of that law 's shortcomings . 
They are very considerable : Since 1986 , when Spain joined the European Community , its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4.6 % -- the fastest in the EC . 
An unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap for August dragged the dollar lower Tuesday , but profit-taking on short positions helped the currency rebound to close mixed against major counterparts . 
Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner , in a letter to the committee , warned that he would urge President Bush to veto the legislation if it passed Congress . 
AC&R Advertising is a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co . 
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . '' 
Mr. Mark conceded that Colgate 's domestic business , apart from its highly profitable Hill 's Pet Products unit , has lagged . 
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . 
This ballpark , the Stick , was not a classic baseball stadium -- too symmetrical , too much bald concrete . 
Again , no such statement appears on the tapes . 
`` The price of poker has gone up , '' crows Charles M. Neinas , the College Football Association 's executive director . 
B.A.T said it purchased 2.5 million shares at 785 . 
( Puts , or sell options , would not be added until 1977 . ) 
The fiscal 1989 budget deficit figure came out Friday . 
Those supermarket tabloids Make me feel slow Because I still have n't seen 
In the nine months , net income fell 79 % to $ 31.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 149.3 million , or $ 1.82 a share , a year earlier . 
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed . 
General equity funds fell an average of 2.35 % in the week ended Thursday , compared with a 2.32 % slide for the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
`` There was a roll of laughter through the stands , '' says Joe Sukle , the editor of the weekly Press and Journal in Middletown . 
Poachers would control the underground trade . 
From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees . 
While by no means the highest crime community in the country , New York is a prime example of a city where crime strangles small-business development . 
Mr. Fossett could n't be reached to comment . 
Wellington was closed . 
`` Some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the bandwagon before it was too late , '' said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
`` It 's an overwhelming job , '' she says . 
They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations . 
For the fiscal year , the company said it anticipates reporting earnings of $ 23 million , or about $ 1.15 a share , including a charge of about $ 5.9 million , or 22 cents a share , related to the merger that created Legent out of Duquesne Systems Inc. and Morino Inc. in March 1989 . 
Mr. Freeman is an executive vice president of American Express . 
Per-share net rose to 20.48 yen from 19.51 yen . 
Richard W. Lock , retired vice president and treasurer of Owens-Illinois Inc. , was named a director of this transportation industry supplier , increasing its board to six members . 
So far , Mr. Dassault has resisted pressure to change . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , BSB closed at $ 17.50 , up 12.5 cents . 
TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation owned by the federal government . 
One indication of a growing number of junk defaults , Mr. Asquith says , is that about half of the $ 3 billion of corporate bonds outstanding that have been lowered to a default rating by S&P this year are junk bonds sold during the market 's big issue years of 1984 through 1986 . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Although it is having serious cash-flow problems , Bay said the fair-market value of its holdings , minus debt , was equal to $ 6.02 a share at June 30 based on a recent appraisal . 
A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause `` wide-scale credit deterioration '' for issuers and debt issues in the 12-county area of Northern California affected by the quake . 
As a result , the effort by some oil ministers to get OPEC to approve a new permanent production-sharing agreement next month is taking on increasing urgency . 
IBM 's mainframe sales have held up better than expected this year , with analysts estimating they have risen 10 % to 12 % . 
I was in the avenues , on the third floor of an old building , and except for my heart ( Beat , BEAT ! ) I 'm OK . 
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . 
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
Nonetheless , one ca n't help wonder whether the game will be just a little bit slower . 
The unit has 30 employees in four California offices , the company said . 
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces . 
The Fed should guard against systemic risk , but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks . 
Like other East Bloc countries , Poland possesses environmental laws more honored in their breach than in their observance . 
He was able to slash the price of the company 's least expensive mountain bike to $ 279 from $ 750 in 
Other companies figure they ca n't avoid the market . 
In a last-ditch effort to keep its sales force and customer base , Integrated Resources Inc. said it agreed in principle to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives . 
Foreign auto makers are taking the Tokyo Motor Show more seriously than ever . 
Partners at other accounting firms say that the Deloitte firm in the U.K. is filing the suit to get even with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm for keeping major auditing work in England . 
At best , demonstrations are overused and boringly uninformative ; at worst , they can become the stimuli that lead to law breaking . 
`` You need to capitalize on these moments when you have everyone 's attention , '' she says . 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
But he said the industry has `` a good decade ahead , '' particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs . 
The company , which is retaining most of its wine and all of its soft-drink interests , did n't break out results for the businesses it plans to sell . 
Genetic Defect Spotted In 3-Day-Old Embryo 
But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds . 
`` The alternative -- Giuliani -- is ghastly . '' 
The companies said the acquisition is subject to a definitive agreement . 
( Impressionist and modern paintings , not tracked by Salomon , are ranked even higher at 74 % by Sotheby 's . ) 
Petrolane Gas Service 's 13 1\/4 % debentures traded at 102 , after trading around par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week . 
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market . 
He knows that making George Bush look silly in a photograph with him will trigger Noriegan fulminations , and that announcing an end to the liberals ' cease-fire will produce mainly their concern over the Contras ' military activities in northern Nicaragua . 
The remaining $ 40 million can be used over three years for oil and gas acquisitions , the company said . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September . 
The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk . 
One of its power generators was damaged , though the company said there wo n't be any financial impact . 
In the past year , Derby International Corp. , Luxembourg , has acquired such major brands as Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
The two-stroke engine displays by Toyota and Fuji Heavy Industries , the maker of Subaru cars , drew plenty of interest from U.S. auto executives , who are rushing to develop two-stroke engines . 
After the market closed Tuesday , the American Petroleum Institute had reported that crude stocks increased by 5.7 million barrels in the week ended Friday , which traders viewed as bearish . 
Ronald B. Koenig , 55 years old , was named a senior managing director of the Gruntal & Co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm . 
Olin Corp. said third-quarter net income rose 26 % on the strength of its chemical business . 
Mr. Pilson says baseball and the Olympics may help CBS move up to No. 2 in the household ratings race , putting pizazz back into the network 's image . 
Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters . 
Yesterday , American Medical said that the two other parties told the company that they do n't have any current intention of making a takeover bid . 
Westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 2.5 % range in the early 1990s . 
At least when the stakes are high , uncertainty in turn results in overinclusion , as individuals do not dare to approach an uncertain line closely . 
Already , the fight has been costly . 
WASHINGTON -- 
Manville itself does n't rule out a restructuring . 
Philips Industries tumbled 3\/8 to 22 7\/8 ; Hilton Hotels fell 2 1\/2 to 92 and Holiday Corp. fell 2 1\/8 to 69 7\/8 . 
The group noted that 75 million francs of the advance reflected a one-time gain from the June offering by its United Westburne unit in Canada . 
The major legal barrier is the principle that no one can be held liable for an `` act of God . '' 
Pilots , as well , routinely fly overtime to ensure that none are furloughed during seasonal lows . 
What if the system does n't work ? 
That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 
As a result , Mr. Mengistu has been forced to transfer thousands of troops from Eritrea just to hold the town , thereby risking the loss of even more territory in Eritrea only to keep the Tigreans at bay . 
The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government . 
All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20 % a year . 
`` It 's easier to get worse than better in this game . '' 
At Sept. 30 , the thrift , which converted to a stock form of ownership from a mutual form in April 1986 , had more than four million shares outstanding . 
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras . 
Operating revenue rose 25 % to $ 52.1 million from $ 41.8 million a year ago . 
`` The { stones } that were irradiated in the U.S. are safe , '' says John Hickey , chief of the NRC operations branch , Washington . 
Ms. Chung 's , however , is said to be the only network news program in history to employ casting directors . 
Who will take over these places ? 
The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history Israel is in danger of repeating . 
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 . 
Integrated has been struggling to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing since June , when it failed to make interest payments on nearly $ 1 billion of debt . 
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week . 
Fujisawa gained 50 to 2,060 . 
A 10 % gain in operating profit in the quarter was offset by a 21 % boost in interest expense , reflecting higher consolidated borrowings and interest rates . 
The average drifted in a trading range of about 30 points throughout the day . 
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said . 
The market also shrugged off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in September , traders said . 
Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity . 
ABC has n't had much luck with shows featuring blacks in recent years , and the producers of one new arrival are a bit desperate . 
Those employed in state-funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said . 
But its stock jumped again yesterday as it disclosed surprisingly strong margins on those sales . 
THE PANHANDLER approaches , makes his pitch . 
While the third period contained no major surprises , Mr. Lothson said , the results show how sensitive the multinationals can be to developments in a single country such as Brazil . 
Mr. Johnson said Western Digital 's plant in Puerto Rico was affected by Hurricane Hugo , losing three days ' production because of the storm , which wrecked much of the Caribbean island 's infrastructure . 
`` People have a different reputation country by country . '' 
`` There is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that . '' 
The insurance adjusters think differently . 
`` Low P-E '' stocks , he says , vastly outperform others `` during a recession or bear market . '' 
House Speaker Thomas Foley won $ 510,000 for a project in his district in Washington state , and $ 1.3 million , earmarked by Sen. Daniel Inouye , amounts to a business subsidy under the title `` Hawaiian sugar mills job retention . '' 
In an interview with the trade journal Automotive News , Mr. Iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when Chrysler will make the moves . 
`` Just imagine how exciting that would be if that 's your horse , '' he says . 
FIVE SHEA & GOULD PARTNERS are leaving to form a new firm . 
Yesterday , in documents filed in connection with that case , Warner accused Sony officials of falsely claiming that they never read the five-year contract requiring the two producers to make movies exclusively for Columbia , citing Securities and Exchange Commission filings made by Sony that described the contracts . 
General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . 
Since then she has become wealthy . 
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says . 
She wants something big , and already has looked at the Chrysler New Yorker and Lincoln Town Car . 
Shoppers , many of whom operate small businesses , pay annual membership fees , which provide an income base for the stores . 
Why is he cashing in now ? 
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading . 
Confusion over the near-term trend for rates dominated the municipal arena , as gyrations in the stock market continued to buffet bonds . 
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms . 
The hulk of Stalinism , it seems , will not quickly crumble away . 
Total truck production fell 22 % from a year earlier to 315,546 units . 
DAF is 16%-owned by British Aerospace , with a further 6.5 % held by the Dutch state-owned chemical group NV DSM . 
About 80 % of Brazil 's voters are believed to live near the poverty level . 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( D. , Texas ) was outraged after a private word to John Motley , lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business , resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89 . 
But the ad also mentions Sears 's sales -- a topic that the retailer has avoided since switching to everyday pricing . 
National Patent Development Corp. said it plans to purchase as many as 200,000 common shares of its 81%-controlled Interferon Sciences Inc. unit in periodic , open-market purchases . 
Scenario 3 , the `` Current Dollar Freeze , '' has been the approximate position of the House of Representatives for about four years . 
Some of the money will go to the Chico Mendes Foundation , but it is n't earmarked for groups trying to save the rain forest . ) 
This could be the first major bankruptcy-law proceeding for KKR , he adds . 
`` That 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said Mr. Brouwer . 
The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % . 
He said Businessland , which operates stores in 50 U.S. metropolitan areas , planned to absorb his firm 's operations . 
VALLEY National Corp. -- 
Yamaichi said its pretax profit increased 8.9 % to 117.94 billion yen from 108.28 billion yen . 
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement . 
The administration 's concerns are understandable . 
Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and `` bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities , '' says Lin Conger , Telos chairman and controlling shareholder . 
`` It 's a shocker , '' said Joseph Di Lillo , chairman of Drake Capital Securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment in Qintex Entertainment . 
Dean Witter lost a separate case involving a former bond executive earlier this year ; in August it paid $ 666,666 in back pay and a bonus to a former corporate-bond trading chief , Harold Bachman . 
It makes sense from a strategic standpoint . '' 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy-out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement . 
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do . 
It 's a nuisance tax on mergers . 
Lotus Development Corp. reported a surprisingly strong 51 % increase in third-quarter net income on a 32 % sales gain , buoyed by strong demand for a new version of its 1-2-3 computer spreadsheet . 
After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek , he rigged up an alarm system , including a portable beeper , to alert him when Sventek came on the line . 
Some insurers have also started offering `` persistency bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years . 
The companies would n't disclose the length of the contract except to say it was a multiyear agreement . 
The government had fallen $ 300 million behind in interest payments . 
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them . 
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , said Lotus had upgrade revenue of about $ 22 million in the quarter , twice what he had expected . 
Once they are in the building , they stay . 
The number of people registered as jobless at the end of October declined by 900 from September to 78,600 . 
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 . 
Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box . 
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors . 
Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly . 
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping . 
Mattel attributed the jump in quarter net to strong world-wide sales of its Barbie doll , Hot Wheels cars , Disney toys and other well-known toy lines . 
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck . 
Some adjusters , already in other parts of California , drove to the disaster area with recreational vehicles and mobile homes that could be used as makeshift claims-processing centers . 
Moreover , it 's trying to transfer its skill at designing military equipment to commercial ventures . 
In other active shares , Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading , while Hillsdown Holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases . 
The parent company 's net included a loss -- which it did n't specify -- that was related to the company 's 50 % stake in Cineplex Odeon Corp . 
The first instance occurred in 1967-68 , when China 's Cultural Revolution triggered bloody street rioting in the colony . 
No longer innocent , they qualified as fools . 
LTV confirmed the price-increase plan , saying the move is designed to more accurately reflect the value of products and to put steel on more equal footing with other commodities . 
A final agreement has not been signed , and the moves will not have a material effect on the company , Gillette said . 
`` Warehouse productivity is really beginning to take off . '' 
BOTH SIDES NOW : 
In London , stocks closed lower in volatile trading as an opening rally was obliterated by worse-than-expected U.S. trade figures . 
According to greenhouse theories , increased carbon dioxide emissions , largely caused by burning of fossil fuels , will cause the Earth to warm up because carbon dioxide prevents heat from escaping into space . 
Are consumers too deep in hock ? 
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
`` It 's ludicrous for him to suggest it 's the difference between the'breakup ' value of the shares and their market value . '' 
The same Bobby Thomson , it turns out , who sells those paper-goods today . 
That settlement represented the first time shareholders were granted a major payment in a greenmail case . 
On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole 's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24 , 1990 , as the `` National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923 , '' suffered at the hands of the warring Ottoman Empire . 
It has said it might seek bankruptcy-court protection from creditor lawsuits if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
Monday and Tuesday `` were lackluster in comparison , '' he said . 
Most analysts do n't expect the new mainframes to begin contributing significantly to revenue before the fiscal first quarter , which begins next July 1 . 
Bloomingdale 's plans to sell a foot-tall chocolate model of the center during the holidays . 
As part of what a Recognition spokeswoman termed an `` amiable agreement , '' Prospect Group will wind up with control of top management posts and an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment . 
Richard D. Sutton , 64 years old , chairman of this bank-holding company , was named acting president and chief executive officer of the company and its First National Bank of Toms River subsidiary . 
Despite fears the mine may be partially nationalized by the new Namibian government following next month 's elections freeing the country from South African control , De Beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's productive life for another 25 years , from the current estimate of 10 . 
At about 10:40 a.m. on the over-the-counter trading desk at a major brokerage firm , a veteran trader who buys and sells some of the most active stocks looked at a senior official and asked , `` What 's going on ? 
In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions `` who can go out and say ` I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell . ' '' 
`` Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught , this accord would enhance research and development in Canada , '' said James Keffer , the university 's vice president of research . 
Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations . 
For all the attention that Chicago theater has received during the past decade , not one new building has been devoted to it . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
At the time , Genentech had only one profitable year behind it ( a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 ) and no product of its own on the market . 
European portion of $ 700 million via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
When I realized it was over , I went and stood out in front of the house , waiting and praying for Merrill to come home , shivering as if it were 20 below zero until he got there . 
In its bankruptcy-law petition , filed in U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Manhattan , Eagle said its problems began in 1987 and early 1988 when its then-senior lender , Bankers Trust Co. , reduced its credit line . 
A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week . 
Doubts about the quality of state credit guarantees could reduce the competitive strength of Finnish companies in world markets where financing often is the key to winning orders , analysts warn . 
Back in the chase car , we drove around some more , got stuck in a ditch , enlisted the aid of a local farmer to get out the trailer hitch and pull us out of the ditch . 
`` The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , '' the prosecutor said . 
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns . 
The S&P 500 index futures `` transferred the identity of 500 stocks into one unit - making them a simple commodity to trade , '' says George Kegler , senior vice president at A. Webster Dougherty in Philadelphia . 
But programs in individual computers must be revised in order to work with that system . 
But the `` real world '' also includes the unpleasant truth that colleges are cheating the athletes they have wooed and won . 
That 's more than 10 times the usual housing site size . 
These are the last words Abbie Hoffman ever uttered , more or less , before he killed himself . 
On Friday , the chief cabinet secretary announced that eight cabinet ministers had received five million yen from the industry , including 450,000 yen ( $ 3,175 ) by Prime Minister Toshiki Kaifu . 
After enduring three days of heavy selling , the beleaguered Nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in hearty trading . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
A spokesman for Phoenix , Ariz.-based Valley National , said the concern will be able to withstand the current downturn in Arizona real estate . 
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago . 
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time . 
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled . 
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . 
Colombia 's judges launched a 72-hour strike to press security demands following Tuesday 's murder of a High Court justice in Medellin . 
But I do n't think we 're at that point yet . '' 
But the fund 's size is disputed by Mr. Brown 's office , which estimates the fund holds from $ 630 million to $ 800 million . 
`` And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new . '' 
Beneath the tepid news-release jargon lies a powerful threat from the brewing giant , which last year accounted for about 41 % of all U.S. beer sales and is expected to see that grow to 42.5 % in the current year . 
`` We do n't disclose specifics . '' 
Baldwin Technology Co. -- 2,600,000 Class A shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
While competitors moved production offshore in response to the sagging competitiveness of Japanese factories , Sansui lacked the money to build new plants in Southeast Asia . 
State loan guarantees are rarely a source of controversy . 
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years . 
These firms , which often have acquired a local brokerage firm , are calling the shots when it comes to deciding in which market to transact a trade . 
That was n't always the way the Reagan administration handled such matters . 
Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition . 
The Waterbury , Conn. , maker of industrial fasteners and metal stampings has 2.3 million shares outstanding . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.40 an ounce , up 10 cents . 
`` It 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says Dennis A. Sokol , president of Medical Service Partners Inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together . 
Ms. Terry did say the fund 's recent performance `` illustrates what happens in a leveraged product '' when the market does n't cooperate . 
We do n't consider that ambulance chasing . '' 
If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny . 
`` Although these sorts of bugs are not at all uncommon , the 486 is an extremely high-profile product , '' said Mr. Slater , the newsletter editor . 
Institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher . 
Within 10 minutes after an 11:13 a.m. trading halt in UAL , parent of United Airlines , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged nearly 27 points to a 60.25-point deficit . 
Eddie Mahe , a Republican consultant , says the two GOP candidates could have avoided trouble if they had framed the issue first . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
In January , he accepted the position of vice chairman of Carlyle Group , a merchant banking concern . 
But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
Lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services . 
Revenue rose 25 % , to $ 877.6 million , from $ 702.4 million . 
Consider Oil of Olay , which P&G acquired as part of Richardson-Vicks International in 1985 . 
But the U.S. has one great advantage : The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- famine and all . 
Last week , a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $ 268 million of home-equity securities . 
The number of misclassified workers may be in the millions , mostly paid by small firms . 
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable . 
During the next decade , Mr. Kume said , Nissan plans to boost overseas vehicle production sufficiently to account for a majority of sales outside Japan . 
Today , for example , underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. said they expect to price a $ 150 million , 12-year senior subordinated debenture offering by Imo Industries Inc . 
Yet it is also axiomatic that the power to create new crimes belongs only to the legislature , and not to courts . 
New York authorities , informed yesterday about the move , reacted with concern and even some anger to the idea of the nation 's third-largest corporation leaving without giving them an opportunity to accommodate it . 
Certainly , the Oct. 13 sell-off did n't settle any stomachs . 
Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other . 
Representatives of the Inuit and Cree peoples living in Quebec and Labrador in northeastern Canada told the ministry of the planned action at a meeting , a ministry spokesman said . 
That 's a headache for long-term investors , since it forces them to reinvest their money -- usually at lower rates than the original mortgage securities carried . 
The weaknesses in his plan do not lie in the political calculations -- Mr. Gorbachev is a consummate political leader , perhaps one of the greatest -- but in its economic prescription . 
But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling . 
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . 
`` The stock market clearly is leading the bond markets , '' said Jack Conlon , an executive vice president at Nikko Securities . 
But others think property owners ought to pay a higher portion of the state 's earthquake relief tab . 
Here are some of the major components of the gross national product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual rates in billions of constant ( 1982 ) dollars : 
The answer , say academic researchers , money managers and investment specialists , is yes -- as long as you approach the stock market as an investor . 
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 . 
`` Country people breed pigs , '' says Mr. Chojnowski , leaning against the back of his truck . 
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world-wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners . 
Warner Communications Inc. is close to an agreement to back a new recorded music and music publishing company in partnership with Irving Azoff , who resigned in September as head of MCA Inc. 's MCA Records unit . 
Baseball ai n't football , where the good teams beat up on the bad ones . 
`` If we want to survive as a people , '' he says , `` we have to change our way of life . 
The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country . 
On Tuesday , the subject came up again when Marlin Fitzwater explained the constitutional argument based on the provisions above to the White House press corps . 
The earlier generation of `` our crowd '' bankers -- Belmonts , Warburgs , Lehmans , Baches and Schiffs -- had stressed above all probity , tradition , continuity and reputation . 
Of course , self-reform is about the last thing this Congress is interested in . 
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans . 
Next March , the shuttle Discovery will launch the Hubble space telescope , a $ 1.5 billion instrument designed to see the faintest galaxies in the universe . 
The Big Board this morning plans to begin trading its Exchange Stock Portfolio `` basket '' product , the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange 's seal of approval . 
The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape , '' said Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co . 
The 51-48 roll call fell well short of the two-thirds majority needed to approve changes to the Constitution . 
He thought the moves in the metals last week were most influenced by the uncertainty in the equity and other financial markets . 
Just a week ago , Mr. Carpenter staunchly defended index arbitrage at Kidder , the most active index-arbitrage trading firm on the stock exchange this year . 
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
But Welles 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence . 
I want white America to talk about it , too , but I 'm convinced that the grapevine is what 's happening . '' 
The company said its People 's Savings Bank unit does n't have a `` large exposure to construction and commercial loans that have caused the loan-loss problems in many of the banks . 
I 'm out of bed . 
The company said net income was flat because of investment in research and development and costs related to launches of several products . 
Each year , nearly a million people pay about $ 3 to make the spiral climb up 294 steps to the top of the 800-year-old marble tower . 
First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment . 
Perhaps most important , Mr. Noriega 's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases , to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne . 
All this causes Rep. Hyde to muse about an alternate way to drum up more enthusiasm . 
The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters . 
Now , the giant marketing company , which holds 25 % of Japan 's 4.4 trillion yen ( $ 30.96 billion ) advertising industry , is considering the acquisition of an advertising network in the U.S. or Europe . 
The charges in the 12-count indictment , which stem from events that allegedly occurred in late 1984 and early 1985 , involve enrollment procedures of six students and the preparation of certain reports , Wilfred said . 
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball . 
Air & Water , which provides environmental services and systems , paid about 1.4 million of its shares for Falcon . 
The plastic resin is used in a wide range of products , including siding , pipe and electrical wire insulation . 
The slack absorbs the pulling strain generated by an earthquake . 
Rates approach 6.5 % on five-year municipals . 
Even without bid talk , this year 's surge in prices for Brussels real estate has excited interest in AG . 
An outstanding issue in yesterday 's session was Mitsubishi Rayon , which surged 95 to 905 yen ( $ 6.34 ) a share . 
But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair . 
Under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law , or RICO , the government has the authority to seek to freeze or seize a defendant 's assets before trial . 
UAL stock dropped $ 1.625 yesterday to $ 190.125 on volume of 923,500 shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The Kremlin leader , on the first day of a three-day official visit to Helsinki , assured Finland 's president that the Soviet Union has `` no moral or political right '' to interfere with moves toward democracy in Poland , Hungary or elsewhere in Eastern Europe . 
The appeals court disagreed on both counts . 
In a statement , Young & Rubicam called the award `` unfortunate but bearable . '' 
There will be recreation and movie rooms . 
Moreover , the securities were introduced only about 4 1\/2 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession . 
The Old Crowd is deeply concerned by the backlash from all this . 
Macy reported a net loss for fiscal 1989 of $ 53.7 million compared with a net loss of $ 188.2 million for fiscal 1988 . 
Elisa Byler , a St. Louis masseuse , won over officials at Emerson Electric Co. , a maker of electrical and electronic equipment , by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage . 
Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock-market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . 
Leonard Matthews , then-president of the American Association of Advertising Agencies , called Mr. Achenbaum a `` quisling '' in an incendiary 1987 speech . 
Last week , Budget Director Richard Darman structured the $ 16.1 billion spending reduction , half of which must come from defense , to `` impose a little bit more discipline '' by applying cuts to each individual program , project or activity in the budget . 
But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment . 
Jayark Corp. agreed to pay $ 4 million in cash , $ 2 million of 12 % convertible debentures , and 1.6 million common shares to acquire closely held Kofcoh Imports Inc . 
The Fed delayed approval of First Union 's $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending a review of First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
International competition for the few Soviet goods that can be sold on world markets is heating up , however . 
In charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. , the SEC alleged that Venture Capitalists Inc. , Venture Finance Corp. and New Ventures Fund Inc. , all of Charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents . 
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal . 
The Peruvian minerals concern had been seeking a claim of $ 251 million against Mr. Hunt . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
Consultants say that Wang 's technology is among the best available in the image market . 
No one seems willing to hold anyone in public life to a standard higher than the narrowest construction of the law . 
The Fed 's move , however , only proved a stopgap to the pound 's slide and the Fed intervened for a second time at around $ 1.5825 , according to New York traders . 
A.F. Sloan , 60 years old , announced that he will retire next April as chairman and chief executive officer of this snack food and bakery products maker . 
Often , developers stay on as property manager . 
Five years of rapid expansion under American Brands , with an emphasis on marketing the agency 's services instead of improving them , had hurt Pinkerton 's profits , Mr. Wathen claims . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Nynex common closed at $ 81.125 , up $ 1.625 . 
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger . 
Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said . 
Ordinarily , a clever opponent would find a way to capitalize on the other side 's misfortunes . 
Suppression of the book , Judge Oakes observed , would operate as a prior restraint and thus involve the First Amendment . 
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading . 
First Brands Corp. , proposed offering of 6,475,000 common shares , of which 1,475,000 common shares will be sold by the company and five million shares by holders , via First Boston Corp. and Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties . 
Massive withdrawals followed and there was a brief rescue attempt , with political undertones , including $ 1.77 billion in Federal Reserve loans . 
The bill last night includes $ 500 million to help finance this credit and further raises the obligation ceiling for the Small Business Administration sixfold to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the expected loan activity . 
In the meantime , the arbs are bleeding . 
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : Gehl Co. , initial public offering of two million shares of common stock , of which 1,450,635 shares are being offered by the company and 549,365 shares by holders , via Blunt , Ellis & Loewi Inc. and Robert W. Baird & Co . 
This pattern was particularly evident among more highly educated couples . 
Fred D. Thompson , a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville , Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company . 
4:02 a.m . 
`` The aftershocks of Oct. 13 ( when the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 190 points ) are still reverberating . '' 
Mr. Bush himself essentially acknowledged that he and his aides were trying to head off criticism . 
The budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 1991 , and the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership and Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta , whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week . 
Those columns -- vivid discussions of the cultural and literary reverberations of food as well as practical advice on how to glamorize dreary Sovietized meals -- became the basis for her erudite and entertaining cookbook , `` The Art of Russian Cuisine , '' brought out in 1983 by Macmillan Publishing Co . 
`` His side of the business has been successful in a tough environment , '' Mr. Rubel said . 
-- Sophomore basketball player . 
But British analysts are beginning to link the issues . 
Yesterday , gold traded within a narrow range . 
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour . 
This was the version of supply-side economics that , in the late 1970s and early '80s , worked in America and world-wide to solve a far more serious stagflation than afflicts Britain today . 
Pilot union Chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky said advisers to UAL management and the union will begin meeting in New York today and will work through the weekend to devise a new proposal to present to UAL 's board `` at the earliest time possible . '' 
Intertan jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 . 
In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share . 
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine . 
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar , with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45 % . 
The company has declined requests to discuss the changes , but Mr. Weekes has said that Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team . 
Three of every 10 buyers under 30 would prefer to buy a sports car , compared with just 16 % of adults 30 and over , according to the Journal survey . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Dow Jones industrials 2645.08 , up 41.60 ; transportation 1205.01 , up 13.15 ; utilities 219.19 , up 2.45 . 
French crude-steel production in September was 1,616,000 metric tons , unchanged from a year earlier , according to the National Steel Manufacturers ' Association . 
`` People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision '' for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries , a Citicorp spokesman said . 
To compare temperatures over the past 10,000 years , researchers analyzed the changes in concentrations of two forms of oxygen . 
The company is owner and operator , or an equity partner , in six cogeneration facilities -- two in Texas and four in California . 
MURDER THREAT charged in Haas Securities Corp . stock-manipulation trial . 
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 
Guns were never used : Each man was stabbed to death with a large knife . 
Aoki gained 60 yen to 1,480 yen ( $ 10.40 ) . 
After the vote , Connecticut Rep. Nancy Johnson rounded up nearly as many signatures on a letter to Mr. Bush urging him not to veto . 
With airline deals in a tailspin , legendary Wall Street trader Michael Steinhardt could have trouble parachuting out of USAir Group , traders say . 
For 1984 , they reported gross income of $ 1,647 from Amway sales , offset by expenses totaling $ 16,746 -- including car costs of $ 6,805 and travel and entertainment costs of $ 5,088 . 
Two other men also were charged with participating in the operation . 
The Federal Communications Commission allowed American Telephone & Telegraph Co. to continue offering discount phone services for large-business customers and said it would soon re-examine its regulation of the long-distance market . 
Buried in the glossy hardbound catalog for the sale , however , appears the statement , `` Sotheby 's has an interest in the property in this catalog . '' 
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega 's half-brother , a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado . 
Alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet , Ford and Dodge are nameplates that did n't exist until three years ago : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai . 
There is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino , chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary `` Tilted Arc . '' 
But if a raider takes over when the stock is weak , the shareholder never gets his recovery . 
Politburo member Joachim Herrman confessed to a `` grave concern '' over Hungarian democracy . 
With $ 150 billion of CDs maturing this month , a lot of people have been scouring the financial landscape for just such an investment . 
The Supreme Court is scheduled to consider the case Nov. 3 and may issue a decision as early as Nov. 6 . 
But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf , where it has a commanding 70 % share of the market . 
While the book amply justifies its subtitle , the title itself is dubious . 
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
Melvin Belli 's San Francisco law offices may have been the epicenter of legal activity after Tuesday 's earthquake . 
France will propose a slightly watered-down version of the charter to be discussed by EC social-affairs ministers on Monday , officials said . 
From here out , these investors see a return to old-fashioned investing , based on a company 's ability to show profit growth . 
Yesterday 's edition incorrectly reported Monday 's trading volume as a record for the S&P 500 contract . 
John M. McNamara , chief financial officer of Milton Roy , said the company has no comment on Crane 's filing . 
Mr. Niciporuk here wants 60 acres used at the moment by a state farm . 
He added that it likely will have a `` mulitiplier effect '' in stimulating further trade between the two countries . 
`` We 're doing a little buying '' in some stocks `` that have really been smashed down . '' 
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding . 
Warner has a five-year exclusive contract with Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters that requires them to make movies exclusively at the Warner Bros. studio . 
This is no idle fear last year the FHA lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults . 
Americans are expected to conform to the Japanese culture when in Japan . 
You 're right there in the mainstream of American business , building value on the back of insupportable expenditures . 
But once the pound steadied with help from purchases by the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the dollar was dragged down , traders say , by the stock-market slump that left the Dow Jones Industrial Average with a loss of 17.01 points . 
WHEN JAMES SCHWARTZ was just a lad his father gave him a piece of career advice . 
Doing business with the Russians , once the pursuit of a handful of hardened veterans , has become the goal of such major companies as General Motors Corp. , Federal Express Corp. and Procter & Gamble Co. , as well as a cluster of smaller firms . 
`` Pickin ' one or two , '' says the guide , chuckling . 
-- Pat D'Amico . 
Mrs. Glaser , who is a co-founder of the Pediatric AIDS Foundation , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , condemned neither bureaucratic nor corporate foot-dragging . 
For the nine months ended July 31 , Bank Building had a net loss of $ 1 million , on revenue of $ 66.5 million . 
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
An apartment complex down the road is the crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and flight attendants . 
The 40 pet projects were discovered buried in the appropriations bill for HUD and some other agencies after it returned from a conference committee that was called to resolve differences between the House and Senate versions . 
As if he were Iron Mike , about to enter the ring with a 98-pound weakling , he declared : `` I 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . '' 
But Farmington , N.M.-based Mesa said the offer was for $ 7 in cash and unspecified StatesWest securities valued at $ 3 a share . 
Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties . 
`` We do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . '' 
The Fed 's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more solicitous of the independence of the rest of the government . ) 
Source : PaineWebber Inc . 
Gradually , a coherent picture of cancer development emerged . 
`` Convenience store merchandise has not kept pace with current trends in consumer preferences , '' he said in a speech at the company 's annual shareholders meeting . 
Still , Vista officials realize they 're relatively fortunate . 
Dennis R. Mangino , a general manager of EniChem Americas , was named vice president of research and development , a new post at this steel company . 
-- Eduard Shevardnadze , Oct. 23 , 1989 . 
Mr. Deng added , says Mr. Lee , that `` we really made mistakes . 
The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . 
Local bankers and accountants help applicants fill out forms . 
The three units contributed about a third of Emhart 's total sales . 
The new 3090s due next week will boost performance by only about 8 % to 10 % . 
The agreement is said to be similar to Warner 's 50-50 partnership with record and movie producer David Geffen , whose films and records are distributed by the Warner Bros. studio and the Warner records unit . 
`` We are in one of those phases where you are going to get a lot of volatile expiration action , '' said Donald Selkin , head of stock-index research at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
The deal was symbolized by the restoration of the Shi'ite Sultan Ali Keshtmand to the Afghan prime ministry . 
But by the third quarter of 1988 , Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies , a spokesman said . 
Economists expected twice as large an increase . 
PepsiCo Inc. 's chairman said he is `` more than comfortable with '' analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to at least 98 cents to $ 1 a share from 91 cents the year earlier . 
This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped `` by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O'Connell , London-based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
-- `` Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts '' . 
The appointments take effect Nov. 1 . 
They also wanted to prevent a NATO training base being built in the region , he said . 
The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 507 million as of Sept. 30 . 
( The official asked not to be named . ) 
Much of the family 's mystique remained . 
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles . 
USI Far East will hold a 60 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical , according to papers signed with the Philippine government 's Board of Investments . 
`` Likewise , no government will stop this idea of the Afrikaners . '' 
None of the grants had been requested by HUD , judged competitively or were the subject of a single hearing . 
`` Red Delicious has been overplanted , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , '' says Washington State 's Mr. Norton . 
In the latest nine months , the company earned $ 8.5 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
The apparent crash became top secret , and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings . 
Mr. Langton 's group , Concerned Off-Road Bicyclists Association , mounted petition drives to help keep open certain Santa Monica Mountain trails designated for closing . 
But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect `` good cop , bad cop '' team , Hollywood associates say . 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
They do n't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically . 
From 1987 to 1988 , the value of Chemical 's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $ 37 billion from $ 17 billion . 
The ANC vows to keep up pressure on the government . 
Trinova closed at $ 25 , down $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Price controls were `` so fervently embraced by Charleston '' because price gouging in this situation is equivalent to looting . 
The Nasdaq Composite closed down 1.05 , or 0.2 % , to 459.93 . 
The question for investors is , how to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains . 
Why , he used to lay in wait for Cap ; suddenly he 'd leap from behind some statue of Marshall onto Cap 's chest and grab him by the throat and choke him till he coughed up an additional $ 2 billion or so . 
George A. Wiegers 
An announcement is more likely next week , though . 
No employee or vendor would be involved . 
In over-the-counter trading Monday , the stock closed at $ 10.625 , off 37.5 cents . 
Whitbread bought the Beefeater distillery two years ago for # 174.5 million . 
The judge said that if the FBI 's proposed schedule was followed in releasing the documents , `` a delay of over one year will have occurred and plaintiff will have served approximately two-thirds of his 3 1\/2-year minimum sentence by the time he receives the files . '' 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful '' increase in operating profit by Colgate 's U.S. business , Mr. Mark said . 
The bank added that it believes the review will `` demonstrate that First Union is in compliance with the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act . '' 
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market-makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100-share index . 
The economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice versa . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago . 
The true budgetary cost of a credit subsidy is the discounted value of the net costs to government . 
MGM Grand has agreed to buy a 117-acre site for the resort for $ 93 million in cash plus stock currently valued at nearly $ 30 million . 
While there have been no reports of similar sudden unexplained deaths among diabetics in the U.S. , Dr. Sobel said the FDA plans to examine Dr. Toseland 's evidence and is considering its own study here . 
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business . 
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases . 
But when agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say . 
James Morgan 's pick for October -- Dynascan -- is a substantial 35 % riskier than the market portfolio ; his lauded Thermo Electron pick is 40 % riskier . 
City officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 . 
When he met with Mr. Bush on his return , Mr. Lee says , he told the president that the Chinese `` made statements to me that I regard as a first step toward reconciliation . '' 
The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing , CIM , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea that would make U.S. plants more efficient and banish foreign competition . 
If the show 's creators could just let themselves be quiet for a little , they might just hear it . 
Silences were lengthy -- nobody moved or gestured . 
He spends most weekends flying his helicopter to one of his nine courses , he says , two of which were designed by Jack Nicklaus . 
The highlight : a `` fragrance control system . '' 
`` There wo n't be any formal resolutions or communiques , I do n't think . 
Operating profit rose 4 % to 293.29 billion yen from 282.08 billion yen . 
Mr. Lee says Mr. Deng told him : `` We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations , signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes . '' 
But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C . 
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 . 
Mr. Ridley 's announcement set off a howl of protests from members of the opposition Labor Party , who accused the Thatcher administration of backing down on promised protection for a privatized company . 
The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization . 
`` There may not be as many and the buyers may not get away with some of the things they 've done in the past , but deals wo n't disappear . '' 
Whatever Mr. Johnson 's talents , in the hearts and minds of many Dallas fans , he is no Tom Landry . 
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the well-heeled investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 360 syndicates , underwrite policies . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
Odds and Ends 
In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say . 
Mr. Asman is also annoyed that Mr. Castro has resisted collaboration with U.S. officials , even though by his own account that collaboration has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the Cuban regime , such as facilitating defections . 
The exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets . 
Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . 
For the nine months , the company had net income of $ 15.1 million , or 74 cents a share , up 98 % from $ 7.6 million , or 38 cents a share last year . 
Mr. Luzon and his team , however , say they are n't interested in a merger . 
Brian Hemming , a spokesman for the company 's committee of independent directors , established in May to solicit and evaluate offers for the company , said it was expected to make an announcement early this morning . 
The Fuji , to be sure , has blemishes too . 
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black . 
Then he would move his movement to Europe . 
Until now , BNL 's top managers and its directors have been appointed by a Treasury decree . 
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : Despite the market 's volatility , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days . 
The two sides do n't even agree about how much money is at issue . 
The company said the plan , under review for some time , will protect shareholders against `` abusive takeover tactics . 
The tape was on tv before the night was out . 
Both Shearson 's Mr . Will and Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at the London brokerage firm UBS-Phillips & Drew , recently switched their Jaguar recommendations to hold from buy . 
In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year . 
If the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond . 
But tonight 's offering , `` Settle the Score '' ( 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC ) , does n't even try . 
Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook . 
One analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the Cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather . 
We can see plenty of reasons to stay out , and none to rejoin UNESCO . 
Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan . 
These two New Crowd families lived in the same apartment building , with the Postel penthouse perched on top of the Gutfreund duplex . 
In the 1988 fourth quarter , Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion , or $ 2.42 a share . 
His strength lies in his majoritarian doctrine , which keeps the Court clear of transient group pressures and leaves most decisions in a democracy to elected legislatures and executives . 
The 6 3\/4 % notes yield 6.25 % . 
Intervention , he added , is useful only to smooth disorderly markets , not to fundamentally influence the dollar 's value . 
The 1988 results included a one-time gain . 
LTV challenged the order , and a federal district court in New York in June 1988 ruled that the agency improperly ordered LTV to reassume responsibility for the plans . 
The benchmark 30-year bond , which traded as high as 102 1\/4 during the day , ended at 101 17\/32 . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was quoted at $ 370.85 an ounce . 
The move by the Convention on Trade in Endangered Species , meeting in Switzerland , places the elephant on the endangered-species list . 
In the meantime , the landowners continue receiving generous subsidies that began during New Deal days . 
Of course East Germany , true to its tradition , could tighten its borders yet further . 
The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected . 
But with the company 's shares standing at $ 15 yesterday , a new offering seems unlikely , company officials say . 
Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting . 
However , since Eastern first filed for Chapter 11 protection March 9 , it has consistently promised to pay creditors 100 cents on the dollar . 
Still , the incident was embarrassing . 
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are concluding fewer criminal cases with trials . 
`` I still think we will have a 3000 Dow , whether it 's six months or 12 months from now I do n't know , '' says David Dreman , managing partner of Dreman Value Management in New York . 
`` We urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
Labeling an omnibus budget a `` bill '' ca n't deprive the President of his power to veto items . 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it will start enforcing stiffer regulations Jan. 31 for so-called gray-market imports of vehicles . 
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
After four year of tinkering and $ 2.4 million in seed money , the board set up the new marketplace , titled it the Chicago Board Options Exchange , and named Sullivan its first president . 
The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected . 
As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher `` put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , ` You 've just got to get the { expletive deleted } out of there . ' '' 
The U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said Mrs. Marcos was making the `` fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim that she was kidnapped into this country '' in order to obtain classified material in the case . 
The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures . 
Jack Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar . 
Few analysts had much good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects , despite the fact that most do n't anticipate a shift in Mrs. Thatcher 's economic policies . 
Exxon said it will build a new headquarters on a 132-acre tract in the 10-year-old Las Colinas complex in the suburb of Irving . 
He said the company expects to be `` on target '' with analysts ' projections by year end but conceded that the fourth quarter represents `` a significant challenge . '' 
Sales were $ 12 billion , off 13 % from $ 13.8 billion . 
( A ratings point represents 904,000 television households ; shares indicate the percentage of sets in use . ) 
`` I would be very leery of anything that says if you drink more , you get more . '' 
In real life , jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer . 
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company . 
`` I think we 're making progress . '' 
Because a put option gives its owner the right , but not the obligation , to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option 's expiration date , the investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock 's price . 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
Otherwise , if you put all your money in at one time , by sheer bad luck , you might pick a terrible time , and have to wait three years to get even , Mr. Gregory says . 
Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . 
The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian . 
The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption . 
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled . 
The yield on a group of 25 revenue bonds compiled by the Bond Buyer , a trade publication , now exceeds 7.50 % . 
Headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant and working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric , the fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia . 
The company said per-share earnings were slightly reduced by the sale of 4.1 million shares of treasury stock to the company 's newly formed Employee Stock Ownership Plans . 
Succeeding him as chairman and chief executive will be Frank Lorenzo , chairman and chief executive of Continental 's parent , Texas Air Corp . 
So , while KKR today has an estimated $ 250 million sunk in now-shaky SCI TV , including equity and debt , the LBO firm still is $ 1 billion ahead on the SCI TV buy-out after taking cash up front . 
At that point , he said , Qintex Australia stated it would `` endeavor to arrange '' the financing . 
Columbia owes its spectacular growth in recent years to its junk-bond portfolio , the largest of any U.S. thrift . 
At as little as one-third of the government 's cost , the company is running a program to train Army helicopter pilots . 
As the market dropped Friday , Robertson Stephens slashed the value of the offering by 7 % . 
The need for the loan surprised many analysts and bond holders who had been told at the company 's annual meeting in July that there were n't any major problems ahead . 
Takeover enthusiasm may have been renewed when an investor group disclosed yesterday that it had obtained all the financing required to complete its $ 1.6 billion leveraged buy-out of American Medical International . 
Judge Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility after talks to end a feud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , proposed offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney & Co. and Mabon Nugent & Co . 
Azem Vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy . 
`` They are just too busy to meet domestic demand and have little room for overseas shipments , '' the official said . 
You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million . 
`` We have n't modified our schedules in any way , '' said a Sun spokesman . 
U.S. Memories Inc. , the venture that seeks to crack Japan 's domination of the memory-chip market , said it has chosen four potential sites for its operations after a fierce bidding war by 15 states . 
A parliamentary inquiry found in July that more than 70 people living in Britain could have been part of death squads that roamed Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe . 
The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
Scott Paper Co. , shelf offering of up to $ 360 million of debt securities , via Goldman Sachs , Salomon Brothers Inc. and Smith Barney , Harris Upham . 
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s . 
No one in his right mind actually believes that we all have an equal academic potential . 
In recent weeks , traders said , Chemical has sold more than $ 1 billion of tax-free bonds . 
But just how does Mr. Downey 's unorthodox style mesh with the sedate tone of CNBC 's business programming ? 
A simultaneous announcement was made in Moscow . 
Sales were higher in all of the company 's business categories , with the biggest growth coming in sales of foodstuffs such as margarine , coffee and frozen food , which rose 6.3 % . 
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum . 
Mrs. Coleman , 73 , who declined to be interviewed , is the Maidenform strategist . 
Los Angeles Creates A Courthouse for Kids 
Maxicare also will guarantee that the banks will realize at least $ 7 million on certain notes pledged to them . 
Accomplishing both will be a balancing act as challenging as riding a unicycle . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
Mr. Achenbaum 's move follows the announcement last month that his consulting partner , Stanley Canter , 66 , would retire . 
Though CBS might move up to No. 2 in household ratings , most advertisers buy based on ratings for women aged 18 to 49 . 
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program . 
-- Freshman basketball player . 
Analysts were most unsettled by evidence the backlog of orders at factories is slipping . 
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
Refcorp was created to help fund the thrift bailout . 
USACafes Limited Partnership said it completed the sale of its Bonanza restaurant franchise system to a subsidiary of Metromedia Co. for $ 71 million in cash . 
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea . 
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products . 
`` You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an East German mother of two who loves swapping political barbs with her friends . 
Short-term rates increased . 
They are designed to be given to patients by their doctors when the medicines are prescribed and include space for the doctor to write special instructions . 
I 'm not prepared in any case to put that much money into a policy immediately , so I look into the broad category called universal life . 
Plus , one Exxon official said , by eliminating the typically long New York commutes between office and home , management will expect employees to work 40 hours a week in Dallas , rather than a 35-hour work week in New York . 
Tele-Communications , the U.S. 's largest cable company , said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment . 
The Bravo Zulu award , the Navy accolade for a `` job well done , '' is bestowed on Federal 's workers who surpass the call of duty . 
His mail regularly recalls `` my one event , '' and has been growing in recent years . 
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines . 
Of the total purchase price , $ 50 million cash and $ 30 million in stock ( nearly 1.8 million shares ) would be paid to buy the existing 700-room Marina Hotel & Casino from Southwest Securities , a Nevada limited partnership . 
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill . 
It 's as if investors , the past few days , are betting that something is going to go wrong -- even if they do n't know what . 
So far , analysts have said they are looking for $ 3.30 to $ 3.35 a share . 
And he yelled out ` dolce ! dolce ! ' { ` sweet ! sweet ! ' } . '' 
The buy-back represents about 3 % of the company 's shares , based on the 3.7 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
`` Belgium was closed for two days , France closed for a couple of hours , Germany was stuck . 
But Richard Anderson , head of the Forum for College Financing Alternatives , at Columbia University , a research group partly financed by the federal government , says zeros are particularly ill-suited . 
The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 . 
FORD MOTOR CO. , Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker , annual sales of $ 92.4 billion , NYSE , said its three Ford Aerospace unit facilities in the Bay area , including a satellite-assembly operation in Palo Alto , had no major damage . 
But because the growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected , Mr. Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies . 
Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact . 
`` That 's antithetical to the art of selling . '' 
LTV 's planned increase , which was announced in an Oct. 26 memo to district managers , does n't affect electrogalvanized steel or tin plate . 
In addition , some microelectronics companies said they were prepared for tremulous conditions like Tuesday 's . 
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant . 
Paribas said that once it receives the go-ahead from French stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its Navigation Mixte stake to 66.7 % from the current 18.7 % . 
The Army headquarters on the third deck of the Pentagon used to burn a lot of incense to him , but the Navy headquarters on the fourth deck made them stop it . 
Trading executives privately say that huge stock-index funds , which dwarf Wall Street firms in terms of the size of their program trades , will continue to launch big programs through the stock market . 
Peasants in Inner Mongolia have partly dismantled a 20-mile section of China 's famed Great Wall , the official People 's Daily said . 
Even a small reduction is unacceptable and to suggest otherwise is penny-wise and pound-foolish . 
Junk bond price climbed yesterday despite skittishness in the new-issue market for high-yield securities . 
Meritor has headed the list since May . 
United paid him a $ 375,000 bonus to lure him away from American Airlines , and he was paid a salary of $ 342,122 last year with a $ 280,000 bonus . 
literally . 
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring . 
It received more offers , but the auction was surprisingly won by IMA , which bid $ 28 a share and asked Mr. Gilleland to stay on as an equity participant . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 2.3 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 16 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.71 billion in maturing bills . 
PS New Hampshire received a sweetened bid from another suitor , United Illuminating , which valued its new proposal at $ 2.29 billion , apparently topping all others so far . 
Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York . 
However , some bankers cited possible parallels between the Waertsilae Marine case and the collapse of Norway 's state-owned Kongsberg Vappenfabrikk AS two years ago . 
The commission , which was asked to study the deal by the Department of Trade and Industry after its announcement in February , said the diversity of global supply of chemicals used in making analgesic drugs was great enough to offset the dominant U.K. market share Rhone-Poulenc would gain through the acquisition . 
`` If you are born to give parties , you give parties . 
Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. -- $ 475 million of senior subordinated resettable debentures , due Oct. 15 , 2001 , priced at par to yield 14.75 % . 
The plant and its 8,500 employees gradually will resume operations over the next several days , the company said . 
Another reason : Emboldened by their success in helping to scuttle the previous transaction , the machinists are likely to be more aggressive if a second buy-out attempt occurs . 
Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to Mitsubishi Estate , a major Japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million . 
One proposal is to introduce a new payment system for parking in Paris . 
Mr. Blinder said the change was n't related to the brokerage 's recent troubles , which have included sharp declines in earnings , run-ins with the securities regulators and lawsuits by former customers . 
It lent money to banks and encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses . 
Fortunately , these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood , and they have enough common sense to know what that demands . 
In response to BellSouth 's amended pact , the Kirkland , Wash. , company extended its own offer to buy 22 million LIN shares for $ 125 apiece , which would give McCaw a 50.3 % controlling interest . 
But what about the debt burden ? 
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . 
Mr. Friend says he passed that along to his adversary , and soon they were talking about the ground rules under which Derr could keep its money and the plaintiffs could take a shot at Mr. Alexander . 
In particular , they criticize the timing , coming as it does on the heels of Sony Corp. 's controversial purchase of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
The House Appropriations Committee approved a $ 2.85 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 3.8 billion sought by California officials . 
The problem here is not in the concept but in its lack of discrimination . 
The index fell 151.20 Friday . 
Public Service of New Hampshire went up 3\/8 to 4 . 
Offered by insurers that include Security-Connecticut Life Insurance Co. , Jackson National Life Insurance Co. , and National Travelers Life Insurance Co. , these policy riders let me tap a portion of my death benefits while I 'm still alive . 
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats . 
Maybe the Chinese , maybe even the Indians . '' 
Year ended April 30 , 1989 : 
That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products . 
It is n't just exercise gear that is n't getting a good workout . 
In addition , the executives said IBM will be offering programming tools designed to let anyone working on a factory floor write ad-hoc software , for instance , to do statistical analysis that would pinpoint a problem on a manufacturing line . 
This includes what Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov fetchingly called `` new peaceful long-range weapons , '' including more than 800 SCUD missiles . 
These turns do not provide sufficient relief from sentences like , `` Most modern chelicerates have six uniramous appendages on the prosoma . '' 
Tuesday , October 24 , 1989 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
Nomura said its pretax profits inched up 0.9 % to 248.91 billion yen ( US$ 1.75 billion ) from 246.60 billion yen in the six months ended March 31 . 
The compromise was a somewhat softened version of what the White House had said it would accept . 
In mid-August , the companies , through their jointly owned holding company , Temple Holdings Ltd. , sweetened the offer to $ 63 a share , or $ 963 million . 
Coda , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 7 million in cash and $ 10 million in five-year notes for the Kansas intrastate pipeline . 
Mr. Sagan compares the importance of Steppenwolf with Orson Welles 's Mercury Theater in the '30s . 
The $ 5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 and the deadline for default was Oct. 19 . 
They 're looking for something that 's very safe . '' 
Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice . 
A federal judge turned down the Chapter 11 petition . 
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point , or about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Among the big stock funds , Dreyfus Fund , with more than $ 2 billion in assets , had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week and a return of 21.42 % for the year . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
These figures omit secondary guarantees , deposit insurance , and the activities of Government-Sponsored Enterprises ( a huge concern in its own right , as detailed on this page May 3 ) . 
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather . 
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy . 
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News . 
The council 's annual report has psyllium on its last page , lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and `` Nux vomica , '' a plant that induces vomiting . 
The chips use materials , such as lead zirconate titanate , to form microscopic switches that retain their data without electricity . 
Sales fell 1.5 % to $ 884 million from $ 897.2 million . 
Slowing economies in some areas limit student choice . 
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions . 
Jim Unruh , Unisys 's president , said he is approaching next year with caution . 
Quack . 
DESPITE VICTORIES this year , small business fears losing parental-leave war . 
Still , says John Sullivan , a management recruiter with Daniel Roberts Inc. of Boston , who has held senior sales positions at Polaroid and Atari : `` The customer will react to strength . 
About 1,150 employees are covered by the new agreement , Deere said . 
However , Aetna 's employee benefits division , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted a 34 % profit gain to $ 106 million . 
Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings of some $ 145 million of Pinnacle debt because of `` accelerating deficiency in liquidity , '' which it said was evidenced by Pinnacle 's elimination of dividend payments . 
`` At that point , { First Interstate } decided it was the better part of valor not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks . 
A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , and at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead . 
But , as CBS Broadcast Group president Howard Stringer puts it , the network now needs to `` broaden the horizons of nonfiction television , and that includes some experimentation . '' 
`` We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained about an eighth of a point , or about $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Estimates of damage in the six-county San Francisco Bay area neared $ 5 billion , excluding the cost of repairing the region 's transportation system . 
Two feet . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing billion-dollar takeovers . 
The Big Board said carpenters quickly erected a new options floor to accomodate 40 traders from the Pacific exchange . 
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd . 
Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock . 
The newly merged company will have 165 branches in Puerto Rico and 27 branches outside of the island . 
Saying that a surge in low-priced imports had damaged EC producers ' profits and led to job losses , the commission imposed a duty of 10.2 % on TVs made by Daewoo , a duty of 12.3 % on Goldstar Co. , 13 % on Samsung and 19.6 % on TVs made by other South Korean producers . 
But the basic technology in the line is almost five years old , which means it is long in the tooth , and competitors are rolling out strong products of their own . 
A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted , and now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas . 
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate-of-need law . 
Nausea seems a commonplace symptom . 
Efforts to fight the blaze were hampered because water mains were severed as well . 
This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to ignite sales in August and September . 
Estimating that the state may lose $ 15 million a year , officials announced the filing of 15 criminal actions and `` hundreds '' of civil penalties . 
Volume totaled a modest 334.5 million shares , up from 257.8 million shares Monday . 
It has a similar project for 200,000 cars a year . 
The group has n't forecast full-year earnings for 1989 , although it said that its first-half results are n't a good indication because of one-time elements and the seasonal nature of its operations . 
`` They lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
The federal productivity estimators use labor input , rather than output , data for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well . 
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks . 
Some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices . 
Alan Weston , president of Weston Capital Management , a Los Angeles money-management firm , adds that in periods of uncertainty like today , `` it 's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio . '' 
For instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market . 
The cash injection boosted Zeta 's capital more than four-fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , Zeta officials said . 
On the hat side I was n't getting what I wanted . '' 
The House seriously considered raising the top tax rate paid by individuals with the highest incomes . 
America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship . 
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO . 
GM might counterbid . 
The charge for the Riley subsidiary is for expected costs to correct problems with certain bed boilers built for utilities . 
So the White House announced that Mr. Bush got his first earthquake briefing of the day at 6:30 a.m. from chief of staff John Sununu . 
Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . 
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do . 
Now Movieline is located in the same building as Vesoft . 
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt . 
A subsidiary of a Taiwanese holding company with world-wide sales of $ 150 million , Giant is one example of the sudden globalization of Mr. Sinyard 's once-cozy market niche . 
The company also said its 1990 annual meeting has not been scheduled . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
In the first nine months of this year , business failures dropped 15.6 % to 37,820 from 44,796 . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members . 
`` But in the real world , you learn that speed and quality are not a trade-off . 
Sassy already has recovered ; circulation has quickly passed the 500,000 mark and advertising pages have stabilized this year at more than 300 . 
Mr. Kageyama is accurate to deny a specific anti-American bias . 
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. . 
The company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , '' GE 's brief asserts . 
For example , the chief executive himself now pays 20 % of the cost of his health benefits ; the company used to pay 100 % . 
`` But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . '' 
But such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , '' Trelleborg 's president says . 
Analysts predict the sales impact will linger . 
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking , uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better . 
For decades , psyllium husk has been the main ingredient in such laxatives as Procter & Gamble Co. 's Metamucil , the top-selling brand in the U.S. , and Ciba-Geigy Corp. 's Fiberall . 
UNR recently emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings that left 64 % of the reorganized company 's common stock in the hands of trustees of an asbestos-disease claims trust . 
Seagram Co. , which exports Four Roses bourbon , has such a link with Kirin Brewery Co . 
Jeffry Thal , a publicity agent for the Lantz Office in Los Angeles , warns that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud . 
In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20 % of the nation 's congressional districts choose a different party 's candidate for the White House than for the House of Representatives . 
The Wall Street Journal is an excellent publication that I enjoy reading ( and must read ) daily . 
`` I can do five things at once -- to be a businessman . '' 
The nervousness about the technology stock outlook also hurt the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which slipped about 1 % . 
-- `` More often than not , college athletes go through college never really experiencing collegiate life to the fullest . 
Cray Research expects supercomputer sales to be flat next year , the latest in a series of negative announcements by the company . 
Quips David Shulman , director of real estate research for Salomon Brothers Inc. : `` A theme of the Urban Land conference will be ` take a pension fund manager to lunch . 
Steel shares fell back after advancing for three days . 
But in an interview , Mr. McMaster said he and his investment banker would need access to full financial records before firming up the offer . 
The Celtona operations would become part of those ventures . 
But Japanese bonds ended weaker . 
President Bush told reporters a few months ago that he was looking for the right test case to see whether he already has the line-item veto . 
The Canadian government auctioned 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 637.5 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 15 , 1994 . 
`` Everyone is extremely convinced the economy is slowing , '' says one senior New York dealer . 
The damage reported focused on a select few who owned irreplaceable historic homes on the Battery . 
Under the agreement , Prospect is permitted to increase its stake in Recognition to 30 % . 
Cathay is taking several steps to bolster business . 
But our education proceeded at the hands of those others , who were merely competent and conscientious . 
Georgia-Pacific , which has suspended its stock-repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp . 
Kinder-Care Inc. was dropped from the consumer services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market index because the company split itself in a restructuring . 
All this stuff still is in the House 's 1,878-page reconciliation bill , and many Members say they 're reluctant to pull out cherished bills , just to see them die . 
United Illuminating said the preferred holders total package would equal about 60 % of their claims . 
Rachel Weiss Brookline , Mass . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council . 
Since that 1976 ruling , 37 states have reintroduced the death penalty . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success . 
The Ku Klux Klan was revived in the 1920s as a national organization aimed at Catholics and Jews as well as blacks . 
The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . 
First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities . 
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago . 
This proved particularly valuable to the Panamanian government in 1967 , when union leaders were planning a May Day march that the government feared could turn violent . 
The stepped-up administration warnings annoyed some lawmakers , especially senior Republicans who supported the bill because they thought the Transportation Department favored it . 
Price : $ 265 million . 
Testimony is expected to continue until early December . 
Paris market sources said they believed Allianz was buying yesterday morning , and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs ( $ 17.19 ) to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading . 
The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said . 
Anti-nuclear activists have protested the launch of the Galileo space probe to Jupiter because it uses plutonium to generate the electricity needed to run the craft . 
( It matches her voice . ) 
`` The stories are rubbish , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
It is possible then that Santa Fe 's real estate -- even in a state imperiled by earthquakes -- could , one day , fetch a king 's ransom . 
But then steady , concentrated buying by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which frequently buys stock for corporate raiders , took hold and steadied the fall in UAL , which eventually buoyed the entire market . 
Mr. Krenz , age 52 , is known as an old-guard ironfist , one likely to continue the method of running a country that the Berlin Wall made famous . 
A Continental spokeswoman said the notes may be offered at a later date . 
Proceeds will be used to commercialize recently patented technology and support the company 's international expansion . 
John J. Crabb sold 4,500 shares for $ 11.13 each , leaving himself with a stake of 500 shares . 
Her idea : bring in live zoo animals . 
The p53 gene has just been implicated in lung cancer . 
The rally notwithstanding , there are plenty of worries about the short-term course of stock prices . 
On a day some United Airlines employees wanted Mr. Wolf fired and takeover stock speculators wanted his scalp , Messrs. Wolf and Pope saw their prospective personal fortunes continue to plummet as shares of UAL , United 's parent company , dived $ 24.875 on the Big Board to close at $ 198 . 
News reports said yesterday that Saab is trying to start negotiations with French automakers Peugeot and Renault . 
Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up . 
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman . 
Executives who manage these funds see the current debate over program trading as a repeat of the concern expressed after the 1987 crash . 
While admitting such a move would be `` devastating '' to most creditors , Judge Abramson told a courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll mounting legal bills will take on Mr. Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form . 
Motorola is fighting back against junk mail . 
Commonwealth leaders turned to issues ranging from drugs to the world economy after Zimbabwe 's President Mugabe called Thatcher 's views on South Africa `` despicable . '' 
General Electric Co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the Ocean State Power project for the second phase of an independent $ 400 million power plant , which is being built in Burrillville , R.I . 
The five partners who resigned from Shea & Gould late last week are Tom Hutton , Sam Ingram , Dean Yuzek , Daniel Carroll and Ernest Bertolotti . 
Contel Corp. said third-quarter net income increased 16 % to $ 72 million , or 45 cents a share , from $ 62 million , or 39 cents a share , as a result of strong growth in telephone-access lines and long-distance minutes of use . 
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Daffynition 
Lakeland holders will have the option to request either stock or cash . 
Or , for that matter , the core . 
Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge 's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations . 
A bankruptcy court hearing is set for Nov. 3 on these accords . 
They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers , including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba , to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs . 
Mary E. Sommer , corporate counsel for Stamford , said the city has discussed several possible plans for displaying the mural , which portrays various scenes from the Great Depression . 
But new-product development will make Japanese companies stronger , and big investments in `` domestic '' industries such as beer will make it even tougher for foreign competitors to crack the Japanese market . 
James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire . 
`` For a member of the Rothschild family , the return to Frankfurt is a very meaningful event , although it might not mean as much to German banking as it means to us , '' says Baron David de Rothschild , Elie 's younger cousin and a partner in Rothschild & Cie . Banque in Paris . 
By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % . 
It was succeeded in the group by Fuqua Industries Inc . 
`` We kind of got caught between bureaucracies , '' says President William F. Brooks Jr . 
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners . 
Consolidated Freightways Inc. reported a 77 % drop in third-quarter net income , citing expected losses in its Emery Worldwide shipping business . 
Japanese and European steelmakers , which have led the recent technology developments , are anxiously awaiting the lifting of trade restraints in 1992 . 
The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead . 
His remarks were distributed to the press before Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson announced his resignation last evening . 
The agreement also called for Reebok to receive warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of CML common at $ 31.25 a share , exercisable at any time before July 1 , 
But real-estate experts and brokers said the quake undoubtedly will drag down prices in neighborhoods built on less stable ground , especially in the Bay Area . 
The key is how a manager from one culture can motivate employees from another . 
Helmsley Enterprises is the umbrella organization for companies controlled by Harry B. Helmsley . 
Cross & Trecker is also selling its equity interest in a Japanese joint venture , Murata Warner Swasey , to Murata Machinery . 
These claims would be repayable over a 10-year period . 
`` We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
Japan is not a political country . 
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Mr. Bakes declined to give out Eastern 's daily losses , but said he did n't expect Eastern would have to dip into the cash from asset sales currently held in escrow . 
All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business . 
Candid Comment 
Anything to make a sale . '' 
It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor . 
Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers . '' 
He added that details of the recapitalization still have to be worked out , but that Pathe will take 50 % of Odeon , Rome film producer Bruno Lucisano will take 10 % and the remaining 16.66 % , currently owned by Sasea , will eventually be sold to other investors . 
Since 1984 , the president has filled four vacancies in the Federal Circuit court with non-patent lawyers . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Lockheed closed at $ 46.125 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal . 
Judging by a poll of Wall Street Journal readers conducted this summer by Erdos & Morgan Inc. , serious investors have taken that advice to heart . 
The plan is subject to approval by the bankruptcy court and others . 
He explains that he was `` merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment '' required for their safekeeping , until CenTrust 's new building was ready for them . 
The rally transformed some big sell orders into big buy orders , solving an order-imbalance problem . 
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the `` Big Chicken , '' a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark . 
Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing `` working-girl mink '' and similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years . 
But that was not the case at NBC News , which has been dogged with the image of not being aggressive on major breaking stories . 
`` Smoking prevention programs should reach larger segments of the population , especially children , adolescents and minorities . '' 
At 12:01 a.m. EST today , the federal government 's temporary $ 2.87 trillion debt limit expired . 
`` But it would just mean a great first and second quarter next year . '' 
`` That 's going to cost IBM revenue . '' 
Almost half ( 49.8 % ) reported suffering `` mental abuse '' from coaches , and almost one-quarter ( 24.8 % ) said they had been pressured to ignore injuries . 
Results for 1989 will include about 40 cents a share from the dilutive effects of snack-food and bottling company acquisitions . 
`` I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , '' he says . 
At least , it would not have happened without the support of monetary policy that provided for a 10-fold increase in the money supply during the same period . 
Sales in the latest quarter rose 2 % to $ 4.25 billion from $ 4.15 billion a year earlier . 
The balance of short positions outstanding fell 159.7 billion yen , to 779.8 billion yen . 
For Ms. Johnson , dealing with the earthquake has been more than just a work experience . 
`` Westinghouse 's earnings could be materially enhanced in the mid-1990s or sooner , '' says Russell L. Leavitt , of Salomon Brothers Inc . 
I really do , '' she says . 
And senior officials of two U.S. securities houses say they switched trades in European stocks to the London market last week when they could n't unwind positions on the Continent . 
Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy . 
That would leave Mrs. Thatcher little room for maneuver . 
For holders who decide not to tender their shares , Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $ 25 , plus a cash dividend on the common stock . 
Quarter revenue was $ 232.6 million , up 12 % from $ 206 million last year . 
Like almost everything in this wonderfully romantic and edgy movie , Ms. Pfeiffer 's Susie seems like someone you 've seen before , in numerous show-biz stories ( even her name , Susie Diamond , sounds like a character Marilyn Monroe must have played ) . 
The debt of some California issuers pulled off lows reached after Tuesday 's massive earthquake , although traders said market participants remained cautious . 
Previously United Illuminating had also called for seven years of 5.5 % increases . 
Westmoreland Coal Co. , realizing benefits of a sustained effort to cut costs and boost productivity , reported sharply improved third-quarter results . 
But the mega-issues are raising megaquestions about the rapidly evolving Indian capital market . 
The advance felt more like a technical bounce , he said . 
Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth . 
But while making the obvious point that both composers develop variations from themes , this comparison ignores the intensely claustrophobic nature of Mr. Glass 's music . 
There is hope of change . 
Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years that has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. . 
As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines , the other car , which is white , slowly turns green . 
And some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways . 
Mercury shares closed yesterday at $ 4.625 , up 50 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Texaco Inc. reported an 11 % increase in third-quarter earnings , which it attributed partly to the company 's massive restructuring after it emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings 18 months ago . 
U.S. Memories needs a catalyst , he said , to inspire others to join . 
As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men . 
Fujitsu said it issued the low bid because it wanted a foot in the door of a potentially lucrative market . 
The hotel is scheduled to open in 1992 . 
And , since the public has always been fascinated by gossip and voyeurism , reporters and editors will strain for creative angles to justify the inclusion of collateral facts about private lives including sexual activities and domestic relationships , activities of family members , and all matters about mental and physical health . 
The colleges , as educational institutions , had hoped that would n't be the case . 
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . 
The effort to revive the bid was complicated by the unwieldy nature of the three-party buying group . 
In response to the letters , Mr. Thomson usually sends an autographed photo with a polite note , and rarely arranges a rendezvous . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp . 
Because the Sago is relatively rare and grows only a couple of inches a year , it 's a pricey lawn decoration : A two-foot tall Sago can retail for $ 1,000 , and taller ones often fetch $ 3,000 or more . 
South Korea 's President Roh addressed a joint House-Senate meeting and urged patience over U.S. demands for the opening of Seoul 's markets to more American goods , saying trade issues would be `` resolved to mutual satisfaction . '' 
Franklin is a closed-end management investment company . 
But K mart 's Mr. Antonini is intent on pushing the company into new retail businesses . 
The average interest rate fell to 8.292 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.483 % at last week 's sale . 
The timing was perfect . 
A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller ( D. , W.Va . ) is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1 . 
For each $ 1,000 face amount of debentures , holders received $ 250 of Series B 11 % senior secured convertible notes due Oct. 15 , 1998 , and 200 common shares . 
In the third paragraph it referred to the senators seeking loophole suggestions from lobbyists for various sectors of the economy . 
Two reform-minded party leaders favored by Moscow as possible successors to Mr. Honecker , Dresden party secretary Hans Modrow and Politburo member Guenter Schabowski , were passed over . 
CBS will add 25 1\/2 hours to that load in 1992 , and ratings could be hurt by a lack of live events . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , a spokesman said that although IBM did n't view its spending as necessarily a way to support the stock , it thought the purchases were a good way to improve such financial measurements as per-share earnings and return on equity . 
Kia is the most aggressive of the Korean Big Three in offering financing . 
`` We do n't want to be known as ambulance chasers , '' says William Garrison , Lake View 's president . 
Indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry . 
Return on this fine portfolio has been modest when it has not been negative . 
Will Ogonyok begin a series of reports analyzing the failures of perestroika ? 
Million-dollar conferences were held to chew on subjects such as `` ethical responsibilities of scientists in support of disarmament '' and `` the impact of the activities of transnational corporations . '' 
It also had $ 479.7 million of past-due loans ; its level of reserves against those was n't immediately available , though it is believed to be small . 
It has also been a week when inside-the-beltway Washington has had a high old time gnawing over ex-President Reagan 's multimillion-dollar junket in Japan . 
Teddy , the eldest of Max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university . 
SALES TAX RECORDS : 
He also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more discriminate investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Photonics Technology Inc. of Northwood , Ohio , aims to use a new form of plasma technology to put movie-quality images on a TV display that is 40 inches in diameter but only a few inches thick . 
The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments . 
Today , Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal . 
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did , crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman 's strategy had been abandoned . 
The company said it expects sales to improve due to a number of new products , including a `` pump '' basketball shoe that can be inflated to better fit the foot . 
It has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar . 
IBM , which said a year ago it was inviting companies to participate in some semiconductor work , has become far more open about its technology as it has tried to rally U.S. industry to head off the Japanese , who now dominate the market for dynamic random access memory chips . 
`` The shareholders felt we needed a foreign presence more than we needed links with an insurance company , '' an Ambrosiano spokeswoman said . 
The Merc received considerable criticism in 1987 when it was discovered that its compliance director , Kevin P. Conway , who then was responsible for policing the exchange 's busy oil and metal pits , `` was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time , '' including out-of-state trips , according to a New York Merc report prepared last year . 
-- The junk bonds of RJR Nabisco Inc. rallied Friday on news that the company is selling its candy bar brands to Nestle Foods Corp. for $ 370 million . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
Broken water lines and gas leaks hindered firefighters ' efforts , but by late yesterday authorities said they had the fire under control . 
`` One dealer told me that if he had more cars , he 'd sell them right away , '' says Takuro Endo , Nissan executive vice president . 
The money spent on scrubbers is diverted from planned research on new , cleaner technology . 
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
There in the center of the pack is quarterback Troy Aikman , the key to the Cowboys ' comeback strategy . 
Toyota Motor Corp. grandly touted its system in a car that splits in half to reveal the suspension 's inner workings . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Viacom said it also restructured bank debt under a $ 1.5 billion unsecured bank agreement that offers significant interest rate savings . 
Either way , the word `` broker '' is clearly out of favor . 
Mr. Rubenstein said the five , who were n't on Shea & Gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . '' 
The unit will be renamed Comair Aviation Academy and will continue to be headed by Scott Williams , a son of its founder , Comair said . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at 100 17\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 3\/32 to yield 7.97 % . 
A machinist official said that would depend on how much in concessions machinists would have to give in return for the majority stake . 
Fiscal first-half sales slipped 3.9 % to $ 528.4 million from $ 549.9 million . 
Lisa Raines , a lawyer and director of government relations for the Industrial Biotechnical Association , contends that a judge well-versed in patent law and the concerns of research-based industries would have ruled otherwise . 
Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute . 
For example , `` no load '' mutual funds remain a favorite with investors because they do n't carry a frontend sales commission . 
Mr. Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly . 
`` It would also help us in our search for equity partners . 
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow . 
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost . 
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months , with declining use being the result . 
But the secretary of state advised Israel that attempting to overhaul the five-point plan risked delaying the negotiations aimed at Mideast peace . 
The high point of foreigners ' copper stocks this year was 136,000 tons at the end of April , according to Mr. Demler . 
Democratic counterpart Mitchell , asked to interpret Darman 's threat to make permanent the across-the-board Gramm-Rudman cuts that took effect this week , says , `` I do n't even bother to interpret them . '' 
U.S. interests occasionally try to impose barriers to the import of another important Colombian export -- cut flowers -- into the American market . 
Still , today 's highest-yielding money funds may beat CDs over the next year even if rates fall , says Guy Witman , an editor of the Bond Market Advisor newsletter in Atlanta . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it sent a more detailed merger proposal to much-larger Mesa Airlines . 
The Senate had refused late Friday to invoke cloture and limit debate , but behind the bipartisan leadership , a solid majority took shape yesterday and brushed aside amendments seeking to cut the total package or steer it away from direct aid to political parties . 
In our system of advocacy , the trial lawyer is duty bound to present the best case he possibly can . '' 
Shearson , Merrill Lynch and Goldman Sachs say they do so only for customers , however . 
The Labor Department said wage increases in manufacturing industries continue to be smaller than those in other industries . 
Last year , the research and development division of Weyerhaeuser Co. , the large wood-products concern , invited a masseuse to its Tacoma , Wash. , offices . 
Giant Industries Inc. , initial public offering of 3,111,000 common shares , of which 2,425,000 will be sold by the company , and the rest by holders , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
However , Judge Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against civilians can not be defined as political acts . 
Unemployment still is officially recorded at 16.5 % , the highest rate in Europe , although actual joblessness may be lower . 
`` We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that , '' he said . 
The bank said the C$ 1 billion in reserves will result in a charge of C$ 595 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending Tuesday . 
For retailers , Christmas , not Halloween , promises to be this year 's spookiest season . 
`` From a common-sense viewpoint , it was not socially acceptable , '' a Fujitsu spokeswoman said yesterday . 
`` People 's ability to drive throughout the bay area is greatly restricted , '' said a spokesman for the American Automobile Association . 
That would be all right with Amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a `` smart money '' move for me . 
It has depicted the bombing of Pan Am flight 103 over the Scottish town of Lockerbie . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
Xtra said it recently bought back approximately 55,000 of its shares pursuant to its existing authorization to acquire as many as 650,000 shares . 
But the unit 's third segment , wildlife traps , is suffering from a `` depressed market , '' and Ekco is seeking to sell that segment , he said . 
Then he sent the pooch 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` Boris ` Bo ' Regaard '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . ) 
AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX . 
But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board . 
Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds . 
Diesel Kiki Co . ( Japan ) -- 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. got a $ 12.5 million Air Force contract for support work on the National Aerospace plane . 
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care . 
Speculation about a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in the past six weeks . 
Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium . 
Israel has launched a new effort to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group . 
Cost is a key consideration because of the global sweep of the financial markets . 
Santa Fe aims to drill about 30 wells in this area in 1989 and double that next year . 
Chez Panisse was listed among the top 30 restaurants in the world this year by Connoisseur magazine . 
And the acquisition , which made Aska one of Christies ' top five shareholders , left many people wondering who this man was and what his intentions were . 
`` I think Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing , '' Mr. Reitman says . 
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County . 
Barely visible on Hong Kong 's property scene in 1985 , by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor , spending $ 602 million . 
Revenue rose 7.7 % to $ 1.28 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
On the edge of fashionable Georgetown , in a chic office with a river view and a number of corporate clients whom he wo n't name , Mr. Deaver is trying to reclaim his reputation as one of the savviest image makers in town . 
But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 . 
`` The shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . '' 
This scenario has been the rough position of the U.S. Senate since 1985 , and it reduces the baseline by $ 106 billion between 1990 and 1994 . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa Director , External Affairs The World Bank 
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said . 
And while sellers of the equipment and companies `` monitoring '' employees have few qualms , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed . 
`` There 'll be fewer and fewer deals . '' 
So he adjusts . 
Norfolk Southern Corp. directors authorized the railroad company to buy back as many as 45 million of its shares , which would have a current value of more than $ 1.7 billion . 
American Cyanamid is a Wayne , N.J. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern . 
Federal revenues rose 9 % to $ 990.79 billion . 
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . '' 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
Dreyfus moved to the $ 1 price after the SEC set standards -- an average 120-day maturity of high-grade paper -- that are still the rule . 
`` People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . '' 
The net loss for the quarter was $ 43.1 million against a year-earlier loss of $ 106 million . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
More than three-fourths of poor black families were headed by women . 
Four more models , aimed squarely at IBM 's commercial customers , are expected to begin shipping in late June . 
Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity , the lowest rate in more than a year and down from 84.1 % in September . 
This attitude is being waved away by sophisticates around Washington as little more than tough talk . 
Susan Rogin , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's House abortion opponents `` have n't been able to muster the votes to overturn a veto on abortion in 16 years . '' 
Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. , but will no longer be active in day-to-day management . 
That growth is the result of Mr. Andersson 's shopping spree , during which he has bought and sold more than 100 companies during the past five years . 
The word is out . 
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a `` pay parity '' clause in the pilots ' contract . 
Mr. Mulford said reports of tension between the Treasury and Fed have been exaggerated , insisting that they involved `` nuances . '' 
Yet , the unassuming Mr. Corry helped chart USX 's transition from Big Steel to Big Oil . 
Move over , pornographic phone services : A legal service with a `` 900 '' number has been launched in California . 
He 's even able to think of a job that takes him out of the house 300 nights a week as an ordinary job . 
PS of New Hampshire preferred holders also would get certain debentures and preferred stock . 
The other is Friday 's measure of October employment , an indicator of the broader economy 's health . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN has been worked out by Congress and Bush , opening the way for the first increase in over nine years . 
The meeting is expected to call for heightened austerity for two years . 
Over the next 20 years , California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country . 
Jim Farooquee , chief executive officer of the Tustin , Calif. , computer accessories supplier , said he was `` comfortable '' with analysts ' expectations that CMS would earn between six cents and eight cents a share on revenue of about $ 42 million . 
In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer . 
Its suitor , McCaw Cellular , also added 1\/2 to 40 1\/2 on 395,700 shares . 
Detroit-based GM does n't issue separate quarterly earnings for the North American automotive business . 
It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment . 
South Africa 's National Union of Mineworkers agreed to suspend the strike by diamond workers and resume negotiations with De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. over their wage dispute , De Beers said . 
( ABC stops short of using an `` applause '' sign and a comic to warm up the audience . 
A spokesman for Mr. Miles said he bought the shares because he felt they were `` a good investment . '' 
Mr. Cawthorn said in an interview that sales will show an increase from a year ago of `` somewhat less than 10 % . '' 
Bargain hunters helped stock prices break a weeklong losing streak while bond prices and the dollar inched higher . 
Mr. Baker may want to avoid criticism from Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell , but as Secretary of State his audience is the entire Free World , not just Congress . 
The backlog of undelivered orders at Northrop on Sept. 30 was $ 4.68 billion , down from $ 5.16 billion a year earlier . 
`` Maybe it was just a vulnerable time , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities . 
The company is active in office and residential development in New York . 
`` They continue to pay their bills and will do so , '' says Ms. Sanger . 
Columbia Pictures is being acquired by Sony Corp. , which is based in Japan . 
But traders also said arbitrage-related trading contributed to the market 's surge , as buy programs boosted prices shortly after the opening and sporadically through the remainder of the session . 
Without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits , they look to the government , which obediently assists the natural motions of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or bailouts . 
After failing to find a buyer for the Sears Tower in Chicago , Sears , Roebuck & Co. is negotiating with Boston pension fund adviser Aldrich , Eastman & Waltch Inc. to refinance the property for close to $ 850 million , according to people close to the negotiations . 
It 's reassuring , and it usually works . '' 
`` The number of correct responses was 45 % on the test and school absences did n't change much , '' said Mr. Bruner . 
Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of `` pro-choice '' marches , house parties and fund-raisers . 
Dennis Farney 's Oct. 13 page-one article `` River of Despair , '' about the poverty along the Mississippi , fanned childhood memories of when my parents were sharecroppers in southeastern Arkansas , only a few miles from the river . 
The point of this 1955 novel , which spawned two movies , is that the soulless pod people replicated by alien plants are virtually indistinguishable from human folks . 
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists . 
Under the current circumstances , he says , their scenario no longer seems unrealistic . 
If bringing the message is a crime , I 'm guilty of it . '' 
Analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited . 
`` Most parents who had to go through that never came back , '' says Michael Shannon , president of Vail Associates Inc. , which owns and operates the Vail and nearby Beaver Creek resorts . 
Billings were n't disclosed . 
The money will be applied for voter registration and election monitoring , but more than half is likely to go to the Union Nacional Opositora party . 
But he figures that at current levels the stock market is comfortably valued , even with the economy obviously slowing . 
For the spooks it 's just another day of ectoplasmic business as usual , ghostbusters say ; the holiday seems to occasion no unusual number of ghost reports . 
Under other laws applying to pesticide use , however , that same chemical could be allowed to be used on fresh food if it fell within the EPA 's tolerance level . 
Because we refuse to face the tough answers , the questions continue as fodder for the commissions and committees , for the media and politicians . 
British Tissues decided to do away with its hard paper after a major customer , British Rail , switched to softer tissues for train bathrooms ... . 
The Labor Party , meanwhile , threatened to support a parliamentary motion to topple the coalition unless Shamir showed flexibility on Arab-Israeli talks . 
But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says . 
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter . 
It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process . 
`` Why should I be part of that problem ? 
Mr. Sherman is former deputy general counsel for SmithKline Beckman Corp. , in Philadelphia , now SmithKline Beecham PLC , in London . 
The volume is well below the industry 's 4 % to 5 % growth rate of recent years , but in line with other soft-drink companies for the third quarter . 
One of the more bizarre garden stories since Eden has been unfolding for four years now , in the private paper-and-crayon fantasies of artist Jennifer Bartlett . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Dayton rose $ 1 to $ 61.125 . 
Next month , Seagate Technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers . 
But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses , so did the U.S. currency . 
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose . 
Proceeds of the sale will be used to redeem C$ 675 million of government bonds maturing Nov. 1 and for general government purposes . 
Rights on such a basis , whether for blacks or homosexuals , are `` mere indulgences , '' he said , subject to being taken back . 
`` The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming . 
In all , the Los Angeles-based trust plans to sell its interests in 36 hotels , while the corporation will sell its management interests in 32 of those properties . 
`` Our felony caseloads have been consistent for 20 years , '' with about 15 % of all prosecutions going to trial , a department spokeswoman said . 
That was also the case in the days following the June 4 massacre in Beijing , which caused a sharp drop in Hong Kong stock prices . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 2.09 , to 454.86 . 
Many at Lloyd 's expect the San Francisco earthquake will cause the industry to boost rates even further . 
`` This is a change in the social fabric of medicine , '' he says . 
To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits . 
Investment bankers and retailers said the turmoil on Wall Street may benefit managers who plan to bid for U.S. retailing units of the British firm because takeover prices may not be as high as before the recent correction . 
Big Board officials say only 25 contracts a day may trade at first , equivalent to a day 's action at a small , regional exchange . 
On the morning of the long-planned announcement , International Business Machines Corp. is to introduce its own new mainframe . 
Mr. Roman , 59 years old , abruptly announced he will leave the venerable ad agency , whose largest client is American Express , to become American Express 's executive vice president for corporate affairs and communications . 
Futures prices rose on a report that Cuba may seek to postpone some sugar shipments . 
Indeed , some analysts expect the government to report that the movement of young cattle onto feedlots in the month of September in seven big ranch states dropped 8 % compared with the level for September 1988 . 
Those are Templeton Global Income , Templeton Emerging Markets and now the Value Fund . 
On that earlier day , the stock 's trading was halted at a critical time so the specialists could catch their breath . 
The eerie complacency of the Reagan-Bush era has produced Panglossian paeans about the present perfection of U.S. economic and social arrangements . 
And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are `` almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash . '' 
The bankruptcy-court reorganization is being challenged before the Supreme Court by a dissident group of claimants because it places a cap on the total amount of money available to settle claims . 
The acquisition boosted Black & Decker 's ratio of debt to total capital to more than 80 % . 
Judges will write the real bill as suits roll through the courts . 
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment . 
Both the Peasants and Rural Solidarity are forming new political parties for farmers . 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
Researchers at Plant Genetic Systems N.V. in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of key crops . 
It advised the National Football League in its largely successful defense of antitrust charges by the United States Football League . 
John Stoner , marketing director for True Temper Corp. , a subsidiary of Black & Decker , says people do n't want to move a leaf pile . 
Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company , but it does n't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS . 
The title of chief executive officer is n't used . 
At several different levels , it 's a fascinating tale . 
Some find no harm in the misdemeanors of trespass , minor property destruction , blocking traffic and the like . 
`` They 've got too much invested in the old stuff and they ca n't get their workers to be flexible . '' 
And one of our charges is to be an ombudsman for our area . 
The Food and Drug Administration said American Home Products Corp. agreed to recall certain generic drugs that were produced by its Quantum Pharmics unit in Amityville , N.Y . 
Supporters acknowledge that the process aims to manipulate , but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics . 
Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds . 
But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products . 
The agency , with about $ 35 million in billings , will be dissolved , with some of its staffers absorbed by WCRS 's Della Femina McNamee unit in Boston , Ms. Heller said . 
`` Who knows how much they 'll be worth 100 years from now ? '' 
The reconciliation talks in the Libyan desert town of Tobruk followed a meeting Monday in the Egyptian resort of Mersa Metruh . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Analog Devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents . 
In the fibers division , profit remains weak , largely because of persistent overcapacity . 
Under terms of the stock , the Yukon ESOP can demand that the stock be redeemed for $ 4,090,000 on Nov. 30 , but NBI said it is legally prohibited from making the redemption . 
If approved , the sale is expected to close by year 's end , with the spinoff occurring by the end of 1992 . 
Officials fear that any loosening this year could rekindle inflation or further weaken the pound against other major currencies . 
I 'm sure he still wants AMR . '' 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
I promise you will stay awake through this intriguing documentary about the science of sleep . 
The new contract also eliminates the $ 15 monthly coupon , good only at union-owned grocery stores , that was part of the salary of every worker , from roughneck to chief executive . 
A labor chief speaks sardonically of having to `` man and woman '' Election Day phones . 
I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers . 
The beneficiaries would range from pineapple growers to rich grandparents to tuxedo-rental shops . 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax-exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
The $ 99 CD-ROM disk ( it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment ) combines animation , music and sound . 
But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it . 
Both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks . 
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement . 
The 77-year-old official , who oversaw the building of the Berlin Wall , was removed during a meeting of the 163-member Communist Party Central Committee in East Berlin . 
Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis and Chicago . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
Those routes , valued by the creditors ' professionals at about $ 400 million , were to be sold to AMR Corp. 's American Airlines . 
In a country where a bribe is needed to get a phone , a job , and even into a school , the name Bofors has become a potent rallying cry against the government . 
Like other large Valley companies , Intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a breakdown at one location should n't leave customers in a total pinch . 
-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings ( and management bonuses ) ; the price , a sea of bad loans . 
Mr. Bennett declined to name the area officials who he believes have impeded plans for building more federal prisons to ease Washington 's problem . 
Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association and writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace , as well as on street corners , in airports and malls , and at conventions and other gatherings where weary people can be found . 
`` With the competitiveness of the television market these days , everyone is looking for a way to get viewers more excited . '' 
No major player in the SCI TV deal will talk publicly . 
It also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said Dale Hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
Old Environmentalism involved microbe hunters and sanitationists . 
Castle Harlan and Quantum said the plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Pittsburgh . 
`` A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth . 
Also , Armco and National Intergroup had lower operating profit in steel , marking what may be the end of a two-year industry boom . 
Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Mr. Rohs 's calculations . 
`` I do n't have to listen to what anybody tells me to do . '' 
c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 14 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change . 
This market teaches us to be humble . '' 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data , video and voice communications . 
But passenger-kilometers , the distance flown while carrying people , increased 5.3 % in 1988 . 
But as legislative action , they would carry greater weight and would be more difficult to rescind . 
Andy Zipser in Dallas contributed to this article . 
The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . 
So after all the prosecutorial hoopla no one has established what , if anything , Drexel did wrong . 
SUGAR : 
And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open . 
`` Amenities '' planned for Chicago 's new Parkshore Tower apartments include an on-site investment counselor . 
That also is n't easy . 
The funding is attached to a stopgap bill to keep most of the government operating through Nov. 15 . 
Trading was relatively thin at an estimated 650 million shares , though brisker than Monday 's 526 million . 
Mr. Peake is chairman of his own consulting company in Englewood , N.J . 
Meeting with reporters Friday , Mr. Darman again said he would rather live with across-the-board spending cuts than accept a deficit-reduction bill like the one passed by the House , which would increase spending in future years . 
Congress sent to President Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % while revamping the Pentagon budget to move more than $ 450 million from foreign bases to home-state projects . 
But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable . 
For instance , the new U.S. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which GATT members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to cushion their farmers from foreign competition . 
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph . 
When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began , the bailout bonds were yielding about 1\/20 percentage point more than the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond . 
Averae daily trading volume : Ordinary shares outstanding : 182.9 million 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will spend $ 20 million to build a factory in Guadalajara , Mexico , to make telephone answering machines . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
Listeners turned to radios run on batteries for news when the San Francisco earthquake and Hurricane Hugo cut power lines . 
Mr. Roh said a U.S. demand for the removal of South Korean import quotas on beef will be resolved `` satisfactorily '' but gave no hint when that will happen . 
Qintex Australia has n't yet reported results for the fiscal year ended July 31 . 
Revenue rose 15 % , to $ 36 million from $ 31.2 million . 
Although management led a leveraged buy-out of R.H. Macy in July 1986 , the company still makes financial filings because of its publicly traded debt . 
Our own test of `` glasnost 's '' authenticity would be a Soviet decision to open itself to a complete international examination of one of the most troubling mysteries in U.S.-Soviet relations -- the reported 1979 anthrax outbreak at a Soviet military facility in Sverdlovsk . 
A reading of less than 50 % indicates an economy that is generally contracting while a reading above 50 % indicates an economy that 's expanding . 
`` I do n't talk about my work , '' he says . 
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates . 
Imports continued to outpace Philippine exports , despite gains in shipments abroad , the government National Statistics Office said . 
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50 % to 100 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 20 % . 
Paper companies concede that business has been off recently . 
The company reported third-quarter operating profit of 37 cents a share , compared with 12 cents a share a year earlier . 
After MGM\/UA terminated the $ 1.5 billion merger because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit , Qintex Entertainment -- which is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia -- found itself facing problems of its own . 
Last year , the company had a nine-month loss of $ 15.1 million , or 23 cents a share . 
These would not function independently , but would act together to form `` combines , unions and associations '' to tackle problems and coordinate their activities . 
Global offshore-rig use shows a similar upward trend . 
Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays . 
And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing . 
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN . 
Independent drillers are gingerly sinking bits into the Earth 's crust again . 
But the computer giant appears to have lost a second key contract with Kodak to archrival Digital Equipment Corp . 
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was . 
Benjamin Jacobson & Sons has been the New York Stock Exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock in UAL Corp. and its predecessors since the early 1930s . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , US Facilities closed at $ 3.625 , unchanged . 
GSX is a unit of Laidlaw Transportation Ltd. of Burlington , Canada . 
Most other states have enacted similar bans . 
He also launched a kingside storm , sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T. 's king . 
Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . 
A year ago this fall , New Jersey voters under 30 favored George Bush by 56 % to 39 % over Michael Dukakis , according to a survey then by Rutgers University 's Eagleton Institute . 
American Home Products said net income benefited from a `` lower effective tax rate , '' reflecting a reduction of foreign tax rates , and additional operations in Puerto Rico . 
In Connecticut , however , most state judges are appointed by the governor and approved by the state legislature . 
USX , which had n't set a date for the offering , did n't disclose any timetable for the offering . 
Treasury Securities 
-- FOREIGN TRADE . 
Helped by futures-related program buying , the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 4.92 points to close at 2643.65 . 
The increasing likelihood that Cananea and Highland Valley will soon return to production may have cut some of that purchasing , but even if any of these mines begin operating soon , their output wo n't be significant until at least the end of the year , analysts note . 
U.S. takeover-stock speculators now own an estimated 25 % of Jaguar shares . 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
But it was n't until after it hired Arthur D. Little , a Cambridge , Mass. , research concern , that its new product was refined for commercial sale in 1973 . 
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . '' 
Mr. Falls transfers the setting to Hollywood , and transforms the characters into what passes for aristocracy there -- agents , producers , actors , writers and sycophants . 
Sharing a character with other advertisers is n't a way to do that . '' 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 26.54 billion from $ 24.05 billion . 
An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities . 
The tension mounted as Ralph Branca , again on the mound , stared down the batter . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the tax credit was $ 3.3 million . 
Georgia-Pacific closed down $ 2.50 , at $ 50.875 in Big Board trading . 
Factory payrolls and production fell in September , and the auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch . 
As you mentioned , subsidies for development on a number of barrier islands were curtailed in 1982 by the Coastal Barrier Resource System . 
In terms of sheer brutality , the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world . 
`` It was crazy , '' said Neil Weisman , general partner of Chilmark Capital Corp . 
Taiwan officials are expected to review the Shearson application later this year . 
Also participating in the study , Enron said , is the National Power division of Britain 's Central Electricity Generating Board . 
Although Mr. Krenz is dedicated to East Germany 's conservative vein of communism , there is much about his style that sets him apart from his party comrades . 
Instead of focusing on the Contras , Mr. Bush has switched to urging members of Congress -- most recently in a White House meeting yesterday -- to approve financing for the election campaign of political opponents of Nicaragua 's Sandinista government . 
Aug. 6 , 1987 : 
Television last week carried a new report on East Berlin 's main wallpaper factory and the need to boost production . 
If they wo n't change their ways voluntarily , maybe somebody bigger -- Congress -- should make them . 
Metro Bank 
This is a fact and not the product of some environmental doomsayer or a group 's ploy to create a market . 
Hitachi charges Motorola `` has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents '' used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip . 
Its partners are United 's pilots , who were to own 75 % , and UAL management at 10 % . 
Sorting out the wreckage is expected to take several days . 
But judges usually find the real aim is to escape tax on hidden income ; and the IRS said Brown must have had such income -- although it uncovered no source -- because he deposited $ 124,732 in a bank account in 1982-84 while reporting income of only $ 52,012 . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in eight classes by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Recent studies by Georgeson & Co. conclude that corporations with poison pills have experienced greater stock-price appreciation than corporations without poison pills during the past few years . 
UPJOHN Co. reported that third-quarter net income rose to $ 96 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , a year earlier . 
He adds : `` We , and the rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans , now , frankly and raise these future risks with them . '' 
The company yesterday also said it was scrapping one of its major new products , a 760-megabyte drive , which , while technically proficient , did n't hold much promise of generating substantial orders because financing problems caused a nine-month delay in getting the product to market . 
The 47-year-old Mr. Nicastro joins Grand Union from Singer Co. , where he was treasurer . 
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % . 
However risky the business , it 's brisk these days . 
Only 22 % supported private security patrols funded by the merchants themselves . 
Supposedly , he proposed the movie to his producer , Claude Berri , in four lines : 
If the program is meant to provide a subsidy , collecting the debt defeats the original goal . 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
Under the second count , the company would plead guilty to conspiring to evade taxes . 
Yet another opportunity for President Bush to respond , `` Read my lips . 
The rise resulted from the transfer to non-accrual status of $ 96 million `` owed by two national borrowers and one local commercial real-estate customer , '' First Fidelity said . 
The smoking prohibition remains attached to a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress . 
However , skeptics caution that this kind of cross-pollination between brokers and investment bankers looks great on paper , but does n't always happen . 
Mr. Kellner said that despite losses on UAL stock , his firm 's health is `` excellent . '' 
ALAMCO Inc. said its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split . 
At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept . 
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . 
In the latest quarter , Goodyear 's tax rate was 51 % compared with 41 % a year earlier . 
`` They are going to catch up , '' said David Claridge , an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist . 
`` I do n't think we do now , '' he says . 
Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake . 
Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive ( the order was n't carried out ) , and the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias and other players . 
Since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 0.26 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate . 
However , the trust 's cash flow from investments is far short of its payments to asbestos victims . 
As part of the agreement , Goodson also terminated the contract under which Ingersoll manages Goodson 's 66 newspapers , ending a long association between the two companies that has turned increasingly bitter recently . 
TW Services 
In the past year , one inside director resigned , while three others retired . 
The chain currently has 90 retail outlets in Japan , seven in the U.S. , three in Hong Kong and a dozen more scattered around the globe . 
`` Every day we 're getting new bid lists '' from would-be sellers , one trader said . 
`` It 's been kind of annoying , to say the least , '' she said . 
The most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as General Re Corp. , which rose $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 , Nac Re Corp. , up $ 2 to $ 37.75 , American International Group Inc. , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 , and Cigna Corp. , up 87.5 cents to $ 62.50 . 
The ministers ordered a study on the strategic role of nuclear arms in Western Europe once Soviet conventional weapons are reduced in the East bloc . 
So producers Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct-mail campaign . 
Japanese immigration authorities said they found 658 more Chinese among Vietnamese boat people , bringing the number of Chinese trying to enter Japan by posing as Vietnamese refugees this year to 1,642 . 
DEFERRED ANNUITIES : 
Many of the letters maintain that investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- that any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether . 
The contract provides additional equipment for Northrop , the prime contractor on the missile , and also supports a 1990 purchase of 90 missiles for follow-on flight tests . 
In September , Ashland settled the long-simmering dispute by agreeing to pay Iran $ 325 million . 
Henry Sargent Jr. , Pinnacle executive vice president , said the action `` wo n't really have any effect on us . 
Still , there was a breakthrough at Geneva . 
In the past , the company usually took token equity positions in power plants it supplied as a `` kicker '' to close deals . 
Officially , the statement is n't an attack on the Rafale . 
`` From the beginning , { they } knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says Mr. Guber . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday . 
For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results . 
-- The charts show how househld assets have been distributed over time . 
Mr. Windsor , among other analysts connected to the conservative Heritage Foundation , fears the gathering of 18 leaders , mostly from Central American nations , will force Mr. Bush `` to explain and redeem himself '' in the wake of charges that the U.S. failed to do enough to aid the removal of Panamanian dictator Manuel Noriega . 
`` I think it 's on the way back now . 
Dr. Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he received and did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
`` I do n't know anybody in the industry who has n't experienced litigation , '' he says . 
While many commentators , particularly French ones , worry that hasty and emotional reaction to the changes in the East might lead to dangerous pressures for a denuclearized Europe or the speeded-up withdrawal of American troops , Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario . 
Mr. Krenz may need a bit of time to consolidate his empire , which would do a lot to promote Reunification Scenario One . 
Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing , and , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits . 
`` Give me four or five more Series with these guys , and I do n't care if I ever win a Cy Young , '' he said , in reference to baseball 's best-pitcher award . 
Rep. Traxler recently purchased an unimproved building lot on the island . 
Universities such as Harvard and MIT should be able to develop a way to act as brokers for the individual scientists , says Katherine Bick , who oversees the huge NIH grants program as its deputy director for extramural research . 
It is a problem common to small companies that have grown fast -- especially when their success attracts big-time competitors . 
It never ceases to amaze me how the business world continues to trivialize the world 's environmental problems ( `` Is Science , or Private Gain , Driving Ozone Policy ? '' by George Melloan , Business World , Oct. 24 ) . 
`` The arrogance of a judge , his demeanor , the way he handles people are not a basis for filing a complaint , '' says Mr. Bognato . 
The Western government report 's first scenario assumes a 30 % reduction in foreign borrowing and a 5 % contraction in foreign direct investment . 
Another analyst said he expected LME inventories to be down by about 15,000 tons when the weekly report is issued . 
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves . 
His seven-bedroom cedar and brick house outside of Johnstown is up for sale to pay for his lawyers . 
Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil '' in the marketplace . 
Noting that equity funds are up nearly 60 % from their post-crash low on Dec. 3 , 1987 , he said that what happened last week `` may not be enough of an adjustment . 
Revenue in the third quarter was $ 437.7 million , almost unchanged from $ 436.3 million a year earlier . 
The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
The holding company said it has been `` unfairly associated '' with other banks in New England that have had major loan losses in recent quarters . 
Although `` it 's still difficult to raise money for a pure wildcat program , '' says William Thomas , a Texas Commerce Bank official in Houston , `` institutions are starting to see there are cycles to these things , and this one is beginning to turn . '' 
Most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline . 
Courts have ruled that taxpayers must submit to TCMP audits , but the IRS will excuse from the fullscale rigors anyone who was audited without change for either 1986 or 1987 . 
Mr. Lauder also attacked what he sees as the wide imitation of Elle , a fashion magazine published by Diamandis Communications Inc. , and criticized the practice of stacking ads at the front of magazines . 
Subcontractors said they were told that equipment orders would be delayed . 
The federal funds rate on overnight loans between banks has been hovering around 8 3\/4 % , down from 9 % previously . 
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims . 
The surge in production , analysts say , raises questions about capacity outpacing demand . 
On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said . 
Your priorities may be different , but here in Figure 2 is where I 've chosen to build for the future : personal space ; automotive pursuits ; children 's toys ; gardening equipment , bulbs and shrubs ; and finally , entertainment , perhaps the best investment of all . 
But Prince Sihanouk has backed all sorts of ideas over the years , and done rather better by himself than by Cambodia . 
In the wake of the earthquake in California and the devastation of Hurricane Hugo , many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness . 
Mr. Carder also goes through periods when he buys stocks in conjunction with options to boost returns and protect against declines . 
But just as every previous NSC adviser has , Gen. Scowcroft now will have to mull at what point the NSC staff becomes too lean and too restrained . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
Mr. Lescaze is foreign editor of the Journal . 
Mr. Burke succeeds Richard D. Manley , who will remain as a consultant to the company . 
The great collectors we depended on , such as Paul Mellon or Norton Simon , have stopped buying , and the new buyers are brilliant men who made money in the stock market or in takeovers and rushed into collecting ... . '' 
New Canaan Investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry . 
SHORT-TERM MUNICIPALS : 
I see Congress as a last resort . '' 
the Dow has more ups and downs than an elevator , '' proclaimed an advertisement Monday in New York newspapers , touting Lincoln Savings Bank 's one-year CD . 
Thomas Jefferson sold Congress on the idea of the decimal system for currency , thus saving Americans the headaches of pounds , shillings and pence . 
We 're sorry to report that on Monday President Bush accepted the resignation of William Allen as chairman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission . 
`` The croaker 's done gone from the hook -- 
Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . 
The suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition . 
Many money managers are bracing for a decline in stocks of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets . 
Dr. Solomon Sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , said FDA officials have discussed Dr. Toseland 's findings `` fairly intensively . '' 
An outside spokesman for CML said the terms were changed to a minor extent but would n't disclose what those changes were . 
The company 's sales flattened during 1989 's first half . 
Michael Alexander , a senior editor at Computerworld , a trade publication , said he was told that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user 's name . 
The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status , a label accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval . 
Conservative appearances make people think it 's a conservative investment . 
Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights . 
`` But it will definitely boost Next 's sales . '' 
It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares , including 30,000 shares bought last Thursday for $ 35.50 to $ 36.50 a share . 
It 's an `` absolute necessity '' to get out of junk bonds when a recession is in the offing , says Avner Arbel , professor of finance at Cornell University . 
Advertisers are resisting higher prices , which would help close the gap . 
It freezes the budget at its current level , and forces the Pentagon to eat the effects of inflation until 1994 . 
Mr. Taft , who is also president of Taft Broadcasting Co. , said he bought the shares because he keeps a utility account at the brokerage firm of Salomon Brothers Inc. , which had recommended the stock as a good buy . 
Many people here expect a room-rate war as the new projects open . 
The court set a hearing on the emergency action for Oct. 30 . 
Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non-food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 
Mr. Koch already has announced he will drop 3,200 jobs from the city payroll , but that wo n't be enough . 
Among the defendants are Mr. Boesky ; the now-defunct Ivan F. Boesky & Co. ; Mr. Boesky 's main underwriter , Drexel Burnham ; and Cambrian & General Securities PLC , a British investment fund once controlled by Mr. Boesky . 
Two recent decisions by federal courts cast judges in the odd role of telling authors how they should write history and biography . 
The business closed when the owner was murdered by robbers . 
Asked about his greatest achievement in public life , he first speaks about the quality of his staff . 
But his fans , to his constant amazement , never let him forget the famous four-bagger . 
Santa Ana Redevelopment Agency -- $ 107 million of tax allocation bonds , 1989 Series A-D , via a Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. group . 
The Pittsburgh patients are the first humans to be given the drug , which is made by Fujisawa Pharmaceutical Co . 
Both reflect the dismissal of lower-level and shorter-tenure executives . 
Exchange seats hit a peak of $ 1,150,000 in September 1987 . 
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
This month 's Friday-the-13th market plunge spurred by UAL news was n't as bad for the Jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action . 
The resulting firm prices and stability `` will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently , '' says Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer . 
The night the Germans occupied all of France , Baker performed in Casablanca . 
In 1989 , Mr. Steinhardt says he made money trading in Texas Air , AMR and UAL . 
`` Landfill -- loose and unconsolidated earth -- may feel like rock but it behaves like liquid when you shake it , '' said Douglas Segar , professor of geosciences at San Francisco State University in a televised interview . 
`` I feel sorry for whoever wins , '' says a Brazilian diplomat . 
A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers . 
Mr. Maxwell said unless the company can start shipments of the new product sometime this quarter , the fourth-quarter loss is likely to be `` comparable to the third quarter 's . '' 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
STUDENTS SHUN burger flipping for jobs tied to careers . 
DPC holds about 7.8 % of Dataproducts ' shares . 
Now , in the '90s , we 're headed toward a total resort environment . '' 
For instance , witnesses in Voronezh say the pinheaded behemoths and their robot friend , after strolling around the city park , left behind some rocks . 
The proposed merger comes as K mart 's profit is declining and sales at its core discount stores are rising more slowly than at such competitors as Wal-Mart Stores Inc . 
`` We 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... . 
Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture . 
But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % . 
Perhaps the biggest hurdle owners face is convincing newcomers that this is a reputable business . 
`` We think that it 's going to be far more favorable to own a station before the law is passed than to try to buy one afterward , '' Mr. Fiorini said . 
In the past , however , Coke has typically taken a minority stake in such ventures . 
Most also were relatively undercapitalized compared with the size of most Wall Street securities firms . 
This week , many carriers are announcing cut-rate fares designed to get people to fly on some of the most hallowed -- and slowest -- days of the year , including Christmas . 
Recruited from New York University 's MBA program , he rose within two years to head of production , overseeing such films as `` The Way We Were , '' `` Taxi Driver , '' `` Tommy '' and `` Shampoo . '' 
Mr. Bussieres was president and chief operating officer of Provigo 's Quebec retail and wholesale grocery unit . 
Mr. Blandon says the general allowed the Contras to set up a secret training center in Panama . 
Rising in the firm , he became powerful and bland , though his new wife , Susan , made him shine in the gossip columns with her profligate spending habits and flamboyant frocks . 
Mutual funds , for example , are said to be selling existing municipal bonds to raise cash to buy new issues . 
`` You should know what questions to ask to get people to answer . '' 
With this personal strategy firmly in place , I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage . 
President de Klerk 's government permitted the rally , and security forces did n't interfere . 
Liquidity is not a service . 
People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches to the IRS . 
A Generali spokesman declined to comment on Nuovo Banco 's rejection of the insurer 's offer . 
Chemical profits fell to $ 78 million from $ 98 million . 
Owings , Md . 
Media General said it has had inquiries from potential buyers and expects to complete a sale in 1989 . 
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county 's top court administrator . 
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume-filled coal mine . 
`` It was only a matter of time . '' 
A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia ( D. , N.Y . ) and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman . 
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Still to come are big issues by Bindal Agro Chem Ltd. , a petrochemical and agrochemical company , and Usha Rectifier Corp . ( India ) , a semiconductor maker . 
The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today . 
`` It 's now selling at a multiple about even with the market , '' says Mr. Douglas . 
Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE . 
110 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.25 % coupon at par , via Bank Leu Ltd . 
In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more . 
They should never be on . 
Richard Mason , president of Ames Co. in Parkersburg , W. Va. , says the Barrett rake `` makes sense , '' but it would be `` tough '' to explain to consumers . 
But , he adds , `` We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it . '' 
National Semiconductor Corp. and a start-up named Ramtron Corp. plan to start shipping so-called ferroelectric memories , which can remember data for at least 10 years without any current flowing to them . 
Why ? 
Michael R. Weisberg , partner in charge of research at Robertson Stephens & Co. in San Francisco , said some investors have already made the switch . 
The program , which will be shipped in January 1990 , runs on the Unix operating system . 
The bank said reserves now amount to 61 % of its total less-developed-country exposure . 
In the six months ended Sept. 30 , pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million ( $ 330.1 million ) from # 185.5 million a year ago . 
Linda Aldridge , who does full-body work in Pittsburgh , says that while on-site massage is better than nothing , tired workers should realize it is only the tip of the iceberg . 
NBI , a maker of word-processing systems , said it ca n't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted . 
`` Most dealers can not continue to absorb this supply . '' 
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
The stock traded as high as $ 10 this past summer . 
From my orange seat , I looked over the first-base line and the new-mown ball field in the warm sun of the last few minutes before what was to have been the third game of the World Series . 
Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame , and the game-show `` Jeopardy '' is soon to be Sony-owned . 
And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline . 
As a result , indexers have been looking for ways to give investors something more than the average for their money . 
Northeast 's previous offer had proposed that equity holders receive just $ 165 million . 
Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International , which went up 1 3\/8 to 31 7\/8 ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 27 1\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 1 1\/8 to 40 3\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 . 
The notebook , the TI Model 12 , will be priced at $ 4,199 . 
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
Revenue : $ 899.6 million 
For example , the administration proposal imposes extremely tough emissions standards on new power plants . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts ' forecasts and the year-earlier level . 
`` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings Institutions . 
So far , instead of teaming up , GE Capital staffers and Kidder investment bankers have bickered . 
Times may be tough on Wall Street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more . 
The prices of most livestock futures contracts had dropped sharply Monday . 
Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . '' 
Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations . 
Federal Paper Board sells paper and wood products . 
But put her behind a shopping cart and she turns ruthless . 
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . 
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 . 
Well , when Congress in its recent S&L bailout mandated that the thrifts sell off all their junk-bond holdings by 1994 , it not only artificially increased the supply of these bonds in the market but also eliminated one of the few profitable investments thrifts have made . 
Chemical Banking Corp. -- 14 million common shares , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Called Otto 's Original Oat Bran Beer , the brew costs about $ 12.75 a case . 
Of Morgan Stanley 's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month , 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.56 % . 
There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers . 
They were frustrated by the longer queues at the cashier and the small coins given as change . 
Rockwell International Corp. received a $ 26.7 million Navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles . 
In addition , he noted , the issue would normally be the type purchased by property and casualty insurers , but recent disasters , such as Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake , have stretched insurers ' resources and damped their demand for bonds . 
Mr. Wall relieved them of responsibility for supervising Lincoln in 1988 . 
The Federal Highway Administration has an emergency relief program to help states and local governments repair federally funded highways and bridges seriously damaged by natural disasters . 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
In the first nine months , profit was $ 113 million , or $ 3.04 a share , on sales of $ 3.19 billion , compared with $ 204.5 million , or $ 5.76 a share , on sales of $ 3.03 billion , a year earlier . 
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . '' 
`` The ` r ' word is looming again , '' says one dealer , referring to persistent concern among some market analysts that the U.S. economy is heading toward a major slowdown if not a recession . 
Finally , a $ 300 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 12 classes by Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc. , has been losing share in the $ 6 billion ready-to-eat cereal market . 
Great Western said it had a sharp increase in margins in the recent third quarter . 
Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
In her first televised interview following Mr. Lawson 's resignation , Mrs. Thatcher reiterated her desire to keep sterling strong and warned again that full entry into the European Monetary System 's exchange rate mechanism would provide no easy solution to Britain 's economic troubles . 
The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs . 
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue . 
The charge will be added to $ 20 million in reserves established a year ago to cover the cost overruns . 
The head of the nation 's largest car-dealers group is telling dealers to `` just say no '' when auto makers pressure them to stockpile cars on their lots . 
They want a 24-hour library . 
David Bell , a spokesman for the airline , says the move is partly aimed at retaining existing staff who are leaving to secure foreign passports ahead of 1997 . 
Mr. Paul has a plan to bring in $ 150 million by selling off 63 of CenTrust 's 71 branches , but it has yet to be approved by regulators . 
He wound up and let loose a fastball . 
The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer , Aluminum Co. of America , Friday said its earnings fell 3.2 % to $ 219 million , or $ 2.46 a share . 
Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors . 
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business . 
The association spokesman said bus production has declined since January , but could n't offer an explanation for the fall . 
Two junk bond issues were priced yesterday , including a scaled-backed offering by Beatrice Co . 
In the battle to supply desktop computers for researchers and design engineers , most of the attention is given to the biggest competitors : Sun Microsystems Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Digital Equipment Corp. , which make computers mainly aimed at a wide range of engineering and scientific needs . 
The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower . 
Mr. Lee , president of Luzon Petrochemical Corp. , said the contract was signed Wednesday in Tokyo with USI Far East officials . 
The point was to answer the question in the conference title , not to try to create news stories for the event itself . 
Cairo 's spirited squalor also has gone gray . 
`` I would be much happier if this volume { in German stocks } were in Frankfurt rather than London , '' says Dieter Bauernfeind , head of international equity sales at Dresdner Bank in Frankfurt . 
He assumed the missing piece contained a gene or genes whose loss had a critical role in setting off the cancer . 
Mr. Paul had no right to buy art for the S&L in the first place -- it is n't on the comptroller 's `` permissible '' list -- without seeking a special dispensation , which he did not do . 
In the merger , each share of Webster , based in Waterbury , will be converted into one share of the new company . 
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... . 
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction . 
Caere , a new software issue , surged from its offering price of 12 to close at 16 1\/8 . 
A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report . 
Most are anchored by a K mart store . 
`` Japan has been a major importer of foreign information and news , '' says Mr. Shioya . 
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
Still , Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside . 
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more . 
In 1906 , the rupture was 300 miles long and a couple feet wide . 
ATARI CORP. , Sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 700 million , Amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow . 
In recent years , demand for hybrid seeds has spurred research at a number of chemical and biotechnology companies , including Monsanto Co. , Shell Oil Co. and Eli Lilly & Co . 
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day . 
Tom Trettien , a vice president with Banque Paribas in New York , sees a break in the dollar 's long-term upward trend , a trend that began in January 1988 . 
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us . '' 
By contrast , the Los Angeles Times , for example , uses 83 % recycled paper . 
Because the U.S. is still perceived to be tied to Mr. Barre , when he goes the runway could go too . 
`` I do n't think there 's a lot in the wings '' in other sectors of the economy to keep growth above 1 % , he said . 
The bond issue is TVA 's first public offering since the Financing Bank was created in 1974 , primarily to finance the TVA . 
Hospital Regulation Sparks Kentucky Feud 
In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager . 
Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices , '' Mr. Daggs added . 
UAL , the hair-trigger stock that exploded Friday 's market bombshell , briefly traumatized traders again yesterday . 
The quake knocked The Well out for six hours , but when it came back up , it teemed with emotional first-hand reports . 
Eastern has publicly stated it is exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and has predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 proceedings early next year , operating more flights than it originally had scheduled . 
Noting the recent Food and Drug Administration approval of Interferon 's genital warts treatment , National Patent said it believes Interferon 's stock is undervalued . 
It recently began a pilot program to test an electronic trading system called ATS\/2 , the automated trading system created by the International Commodities Clearing House . 
Net income rose 23 % to 63.52 billion yen from 51.65 billion yen . 
`` No , darling , '' she said recently in her fluent , slightly affected English , during a trip East to promote Movieline 's national expansion . 
And one White House official reported that Mr. Agnos had been `` very helpful '' in making arrangements for Mr. Bush 's hastily scheduled trip to California . 
He noted the Commerce Department report yesterday that housing starts in September dropped 5.2 % from August to 1.26 million units on an annualized basis , the lowest level in seven years . 
He also said traders should keep an eye on the stock market , because `` if the stock market rallies , that could spell trouble for the precious metals . '' 
`` Basically , we had a severe earthquake of significant duration and it was just something the structure could n't withstand . '' 
The electronics concern said it already has paid $ 2 million of the settlement to National Semiconductor , Santa Clara , Calif. , and will pay the remaining $ 1 million in equal installments over the next eight quarters . 
Traders said a steady stream of bonds was put up for sale yesterday , pushing yields for longer maturities up 0.05 percentage point . 
Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
British Airways said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Air 's parent . 
Mr. Juliano thinks so . 
Analysts peg the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the U.S. economy , highlighted by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp widening in the August U.S. trade gap . 
Meanwhile , the New Environmentalists systematically opposed the methods of the Old Environmentalists . 
The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product . 
Pension Reserves : Holdings by pension funds . 
But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives . 
The courthouse , to be built in Monterey Park , is expected to open in the spring of 1992 . 
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year-to-date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved . 
Increasingly accurate estimates of the severity of the quake became available before I got to my car . 
Even more remarkably , it focused on emissions trading and similar market approaches to address pollution , notwithstanding Poland 's lack of functioning markets . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
You become expendable . 
Not just that people are being heard but that their interests are being taken seriously . '' 
The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists , and officials say many are likely to be scaled back or dropped . 
And to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time . 
That 's because quota-trained managers will likely respond better to quantity than to price signals . 
Sales in North America and the Far East were inflated by acquisitions , rising 62 % to # 278 million . 
Net income rose to 83 cents a share from 72 cents a share the year-earlier period . 
The initial coupon on the floating-rate notes will be 12.9375 % . 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s , the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame . 
His humility gives him a much better chance of success . 
Officials of the state agency did n't have any immediate explanation why the reinforcement did n't hold up . 
Looking ahead to commodity markets this week : 
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume . 
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised . 
That sort of workhorse performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT Corp. said its directors declared a dividend of five cents per Class A common stock payable Nov. 6 to stock of record Oct. 16 . 
Next month , talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts , for the pro and college basketball finals . 
Peter Karches , managing director at underwriter Morgan Stanley & Co. , said the issue was oversubscribed . 
For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold . 
`` I get calls nearly every day from people who have ghosts in their house , '' says Raymond Hyman , a skeptical psychology professor at the University of Oregon . 
Other forms of red tape are more pervasive . 
There were many more . 
Net sank to $ 3.1 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 789,000 , or two cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non-pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging . 
Under the proposed agreement involving the world 's tallest building , Chicago-based Sears would receive about half the money through conventional mortgage financing and the other half as a convertible mortgage . 
In addition , Tandy will acquire rights to the Victor and Micronic names for computers . 
So far , AIDS has stricken 1,859 children under age 13 , with many times that number believed to carry the infection without symptoms . 
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . '' 
In the 1970s , several pharmaceutical and packaged-goods companies , including Colgate-Palmolive Co. , Eli Lilly & Co. , Pfizer Inc. and Schering-Plough acquired cosmetics companies . 
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million ( $ 16.1 ) in revenue in the past 12 months . 
RICHMOND RESIGNATIONS : 
The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month . 
Foreign-exchange dealers noted that the impact of the chairman 's remarks was slight and warned that the currency remains sensitive to developments on Wall Street . 
They say that the earthquake , by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity , has given the Fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level . 
But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one . '' 
Shell Oil 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
Some younger pilots say they have had to endure anti-union harangues by senior pilots while flying across the country . 
Nasdaq stocks that showed a drop in short interest included Adobe Systems , Class A shares of Tele-Communications and takeover targets Lyphomed and Jerrico . 
We 'll raise it through { new } equity . 
Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat , but at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it . 
But an uninvited guest is expected to try to crash the party . 
But they were stripped from the Senate bill after staffers estimated penalty revenue would fall by $ 216 million over five years . 
`` But I 'm recognizing there 's a good chance they 'll do a bit better than that , '' she says . 
`` If that 's true , Orange County has to be at least 10 % of that . '' 
Many of these programs no longer exist , or have been severely cut back . 
On the Chicago Board of Trade , soybeans for November delivery closed at $ 5.63 a bushel , down half a cent , while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $ 4.0775 a bushel . 
Sales of new cars in Europe fell 4.2 % in September from a year earlier and analysts say the market could continue to soften in the months ahead . 
Over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker Charles Schwab & Co. and Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil . 
It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people ( as we well know ) , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy . 
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University . 
Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy , which dropped 1 3\/8 to 44 , and Eaton , which retreated 2 1\/2 to 57 1\/2 . 
Term bonds due 2005 are n't being formally reoffered . 
That possibility had crept closer as repeated new share offerings to finance Trelleborg 's rapid growth steadily diluted the foundation 's holding . 
The bill gets signed into law and then the administration watches helplessly , wondering where all the `` unexpected '' costs came from . 
Most bills are drafted by bureaucrats , not politicians . 
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit . 
The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % . 
ITT 's Hartford Insurance Group had a $ 53 million quarterly pretax loss from Hurricane Hugo , ITT said . 
During the past administration the foodstuffs were first bought by the institute , then sold at low prices to `` unscrupulous businessmen '' who resold them to the institute at inflated prices , the statement said . 
British Airways PLC , a crucial participant in the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. , washed its hands of the current efforts to revive a bid for the parent of United Airlines . 
In a suit filed in state court in Manhattan , the American Civil Liberties Union is representing the former maitre 'd of the chic Odeon restaurant . 
The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill that would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration . 
In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs ( $ 162 ) a share , or 528 million francs ( $ 84.7 million ) . 
For him , natural history is anything but a gradual , predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness ; it is a careening , chaotic affair in which the emergence of a featherless biped was a one-in-a-million shot . 
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share . 
Now it 's dawning on them that they can be non-wealthy . '' 
Exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
Instead , they are spending to reinforce the identity that they believe attracts their customers . 
Exxon 's Exxon USA unit was one of the charter members of the Corporate Conservation Council , a panel of executives formed in 1982 by the National Wildlife Federation to foster `` frank and open discussions '' between industry and the federation 's leaders . 
-- The Washington Post , Sept. 9 , 1987 . 
What we have before us now is essentially the same program but with more resources plowed into all of the efforts to enforce and control . 
Addressing a conference of the New York-based Institute for East-West Security Studies in Frankfurt yesterday , Mr. Genscher said , `` History will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . '' 
Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds . 
Despite the inflation news , several Fed officials still fear consumer-price pressures will intensify because they insist the economy is stronger than generally believed . 
Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents . 
Last Friday the 13th ( as well as two years ago this week ) the markets became unlinked . 
BRIEFS : 
Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
`` But the Filipinos and the Americans , when I talk to them , there 's so much passion about Filipino manhood being diminished as a result of being squatted upon by the Americans and so on . 
`` There is no difference of opinion between ( Chairman ) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy . 
`` It 's quite a bombshell , '' said one , adding that the offer could spark a period of industry consolidation . 
The nation 's largest pension fund , which oversees $ 80 billion for college employees , plans to offer two new investment options to its 1.2 million participants . 
Mr. Cornell says : `` The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the doomsayers say . '' 
They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department . 
But with world-wide opinion -- even , apparently in Moscow -- against East Germany , the country would have to turn itself into an Albania to clamp down further on refugees . 
He also mentioned increased capital investment by Pacific Bell for network improvements . 
I think this repeal was kind of a thoughtless action , as a matter of fact ... . 
Banks also want to be able to call someone on the telephone to fix a problem with a deal that goes bad -- preferably someone other than a union leader . 
According to the study , slightly more than 34 % of those surveyed reported having at least one housing problem every year for which they had no legal help . 
A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million . 
Yields for tax-exempt bonds range from 6 1\/2 % in 1990 to 7.88 % in 2003-2005 . 
Genentech stock fell 12.5 cents in trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange to $ 20.125 . 
But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet . 
At Kidder , Peabody & Co. 's Sacramento branch , Manager Janet White received calls yesterday morning from workers in San Francisco who offered to work in Sacramento . 
What 's surprising is that there is n't more of a conservative outcry as the Bush administration lets the programs slip down the national-priority list . 
Sales of long-distance services , an extremely competitive market , rose 6.4 % . 
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino-U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 . 
You never know where she 'll turn up . '' 
This is no place for pedestrians , but at 7:30 on a recent morning , when construction choked traffic at the famous Four Corners intersection to one lane , a taxi passenger found it faster to abandon the cab and walk to her destination . 
According to this theory , Warner executives , hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers , encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company . 
The dollar finished softer yesterday , tilted lower by continued concern about the stock market . 
Long-term bonds have performed erratically this year . 
Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in `` Sugar Ditch , '' but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist . 
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases . 
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader . 
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops . 
The ultimate aim of Western support for East bloc reforms , he said , is to create `` an equitable and stable peaceful order in Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals . '' 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Yearly changes in federal benefit laws force small businesses to repeatedly re-evaluate and redesign existing plans . 
At the same time , Daiwa and its brethren have faced stiff competition from well-entrenched American competitors that have prevented them from building strong links to U.S. corporations and institutional investors . 
More-detailed reports followed , and attracted even less notice . 
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations . 
Dealing with the sales this month could be particularly challenging because almost every problem that has hobbled the program in the past is popping up again . 
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. . 
Only 2 % of the people in September cited Sears 's `` friendly personnel . '' 
Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around . 
For more than a decade , virtually no one complained about Judge O'Kicki . 
Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices , the company said . 
Goldman said Eastern would miss the same mark by at least $ 120 million . 
In the U.S. , the Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea . 
`` I 'm sure they 'll formulate a reform that will be a recipe for the GDR 's future as a separately identifiable state , '' says Michael Simmons , a British journalist whose book on East Germany , entitled `` The Unloved Country , '' was published this month . 
The result is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual incompetence is matched only by their good opinion of themselves . 
His entry-price condos are labeled Society Hill . 
While the pound has attempted to stabilize , currency analysts say it is in critical condition . 
We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget . 
The 79-year-old Mississippian takes a more orthodox , entrenched view of agriculture policy than those in the movement to reduce chemical use , but as a master of pork-barrel politics , he is believed to be annoyed as well that the project moved to Arkansas from a Tennessee center near Memphis and the northern Mississippi border . 
When the tremors struck , the region 's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air . 
In countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore , economies are growing , resulting in a rise in disposable income that consumers can use for soft drinks . 
George L. LaMore , president and chief executive officer , will become chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin 's retirement . 
Occupational-Urgent Care Health fell 1 3\/4 to 15 1\/2 on 354,000 shares . 
Dime Savings Bank of New York was cleared by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. to acquire Starpointe Savings Bank of Somerset , N.J. , the banks said . 
Wilfred American Educational Corp. said a federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools for mail fraud . 
In his Rolling Stone interview in 1980 , Mr. Bush volunteered his abortion-rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival , Ronald Reagan . 
In that context , Robert Loggia 's riveting performance as the unlovable -- even crotchety -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most . 
After four years of no progress in this direction , it is doubtful any viable collaboration with Ms. Bartlett will suddenly now be possible . 
Completion of Texaco 's acquisition of Tana is subject to government approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act . 
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season . 
The recent sharp stock market decline exacerbated those concerns . 
The first part , consisting of $ 2 billion of bonds due Oct. 1 , 2019 , with a five-year non-call provision , was priced as 8 3\/4 % securities at 96.808 to yield 9.06 % . 
B.A.T is n't predicting a postponement because the units `` are quality businesses and we are encouraged by the breadth of inquiries , '' said Mr. Prideaux . 
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts . 
A $ 137.6 million Maryland Stadium Authority sports facilities lease revenue bond issue appeared to be off to a good start . 
So what does consensus mean ? 
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward . 
`` There has to be better coordination on a regulatory basis , '' said Christopher Pedersen , director of trading at Twenty-First Securities Corp . 
On the other hand , the machinists have always opposed majority ownership in principle , saying they do n't think employees should be owners . 
But even those numbers do n't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words . 
Such tests make the FAA confident that a Sioux City-type accident `` wo n't happen again , '' said Mr. Broderick . 
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted . 
In the interview , Mr. Haussmann did n't specify the amount of revenue the government will lose after the tax disappears . 
At Backer Spielvogel , Mr. Spielvogel 's hallmark has been personal involvement with all major clients . 
Willie Brown , speaker of California 's Assembly , said that Gov. George Deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
One floor trader said that if there were Chinese purchases , they should have had a bigger effect on the market . 
Microsoft , which last week rose to a record , fell victim to profit-taking , traders said , as it declined 2 1\/8 to 83 1\/8 . 
Only a few books fell in the reading room . 
There are die-hard bodies , of course . 
`` There was a general feeling that we 'd seen the worst , '' said Patrick Foley , deputy chief economic adviser for Lloyds Bank in London . 
Sanjay Joshi , European economist at Baring Brothers & Co. , said there is no sign that Britain 's manufacturing industry is transforming itself to boost exports . 
Hokuriku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 8.90 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
Manville ( NYSE ; Symbol : MVL ) 
The Harrisburg 7 trial in 1972 , in which Daniel Berrigan and others were charged with plotting anti-war-related violence , was a landmark . 
The former first lady of the Philippines , asked a federal court in Manhattan to dismiss an indictment against her , claiming among other things , that she was abducted from her homeland . 
`` This acquisition is another indication of Texaco 's commitment to increase the company 's reserve base , '' said Chief Executive Officer James W. Kinnear . 
Last week , `` Murphy Brown '' was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for `` Teddy Z '' and rose to 14.2 % for `` Designing Women . '' 
Honeywell said a second sale of Yamatake-Honeywell is still being negotiated . 
Underclass neighborhoods offer relatively few employment opportunities , contributing to the poverty of local residents . 
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence . 
The board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be about C$ 5.9 million . 
To head off arguments , Infiniti offers dealers cash bonuses and low-interest construction loans . 
The forecasts were widely disseminated , and , in a splashy ad campaign launched in the summer of 1988 , Merrill Lynch urged investors to buy bonds . 
In an era of ` sound bites ' and instant opinion polls it is dangerous to apply broad labels to a single term . 
Pittston also owns Brink 's Inc. , the security service , and Burlington Air Express , the air-freight concern . 
He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either `` participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors . '' 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 130.13 , up 0.23 ; spot index 130.46 , up 0.10 . 
The case is pending . 
`` We ca n't police the many organizations that have sprung up in the last few years using part of our name . 
He said the transaction was made for investment purposes . 
State officials could n't be reached for comment late yesterday . 
It is Texaco 's first major acquisition since the legal battle with Pennzoil began over four years ago . 
The figures came a day after the government released a report showing that consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion in the third quarter while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat . 
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement . 
By October , however , market conditions had deteriorated and the reset notes were targeted to be offered at a yield of between 13 1\/4 % and 13 1\/2 % . 
To me , this calls into question the validity of the Rowland-Molina theory and hence the whole chlorofluorocarbons replacement effort . 
Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new cars and trucks last year , and just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion . 
The visitors then listed technologies up for sale , including launch services and propulsion hardware . 
He reset opening arguments for today . 
`` The company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 1989 , '' the company said . 
For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years . 
Data for 1987 from the National Association of Suggestion Systems and the Japan Human Relations Association also indicate that Japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions , while their U.S. counterparts accept just one in four . 
Impetus for the direct-seller project came from a congressional hearing some years back . 
Tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's Elm Streets and Amityvilles . 
Under an agreement signed last June , the Soviets will help Iran in oil exploration and other areas in return for exports of Iranian natural gas . 
The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 , 
Other RJR securities also closed higher . 
He is the jealous friend of Philinte , and the jealous lover of Celimene . 
Despite levels of obstruction , incompetence and ensuing frustration of mythic proportion , these projects all remain , in my mind , valuable and well worth the effort . 
Its resilience around these levels is pegged to persistent investor demand for the greenback , especially in Japan . 
Merck 's profit climbed 25 % , Warner-Lambert 's 22 % and Eli Lilly 's 24 % . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early . 
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls . 
Grain , milk and meat come next . 
He manned the UAL post yesterday with Christopher Bates , 33 , an energetic Long Islander who 's a dead ringer for actor Nicolas Cage . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3411.08 , up 
Marshall McLuhan , you should have been there at that hour . 
According to Avery , for the year ended Sept. 30 , 1988 , Uniroyal Chemical had sales of $ 734.2 million and a net loss of $ 47.1 million . 
The project , known as Lotus Mansion , has been mired in controversy . 
For instance , December contracts for WTI rose 17 cents to $ 20.42 . 
But they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public . 
The letter apparently came in response to a request for clarification by LIN earlier this week . 
Yields on money-market deposits were unchanged at an average 6.96 % for $ 50,000 and less and down just a hundredth of a percentage point to 7.41 % for jumbo deposits . 
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
Time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline . 
In the asset-backed market , Beneficial Corp. offered $ 248 million of securities backed by home-equity loans , the second large deal in the past week . 
Chrysler Corp. scheduled overtime this week at its St. Louis Assembly Plant No. 2 , Newark , Del. , and Sterling Heights , Mich. , assembly plants . 
Reuben Mark , chairman and chief executive officer of Colgate , said earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Latin America , the Far East and Europe . 
In fact , D.T. never left home , Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , but communicated with its human handlers by telephone link . 
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share . 
`` If they do n't fill it immediately , then I can start over at a new price or try again with the same price . '' 
`` I expect to see some selling , but will they kill this one as they have every rally in the recent past '' by selling and locking in prices for their production ? 
During the quarter , Delta issued 2.5 million shares of common stock to Swissair , and repurchased 1.1 million shares for use in a company employee stock ownership plan . 
The horrific details are only now emerging from a painstakingly documented report , based on hundreds of interviews with randomly selected refugees . 
But that share issue -- intended to make Trelleborg better known among international investors -- was postponed until market conditions stabilize , people familiar with the situation say . 
Senate Republicans have settled on a proposal that would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations . 
Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50 % majority , but then a President could veto that rejection . 
`` But I 'm going to lose $ 50,000 to $ 60,000 on it . 
TANDEM COMPUTERS INC. , Cupertino , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.6 billion , NYSE , said it had no significant damage and should be fully operational within a week . 
`` If you do n't know what you are , bigger wo n't make you better , '' he says . 
Mr. Carmichael said investors also demanded stricter convenants . 
Now you discover that you never learned the most important lesson : How to send your kids to college . 
But despite mounting recession fears , government data do n't yet show the economy grinding to a halt . 
Richard Breeden , the new chairman of the SEC , has n't taken a formal position on the bill , which would also require investors to disclose large trades and give the SEC additional authority during market emergencies . 
Sales increased 11 % to # 2.5 billion from # 2.25 billion , while operating profit climbed 13 % to # 225.7 million from # 199.8 million . 
For , just as Mr. Giuliani latches on to an issue that has Mr. Dinkins reeling , his campaign desperately needs cash to keep Mr. Ailes 's commercials on the air beyond Wednesday or Thursday . 
Instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas . 
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months . 
The Soviet president and his prime minister , Nikolai Ryzhkov , spent the longest time , about 15 minutes , at the IBM stand , where they got souvenir computer-chip key rings . 
But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally . 
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others . 
The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide . 
The rebound in UAL stock during regular trading hours Monday was its first daily gain after six consecutive losses left the price 41 % below its level before Oct. 13 , the day the group announced the bank financing could n't be obtained for the original deal . 
Previously , regulators insisted that franchisers pre-register such changes with the state -- a costly process taking at least six weeks . 
Another reason for the weakness , he said , may be that mortgage rates have hit a plateau since they began edging down after a peak in March . 
Like the Roman Catholic Church , the Polish peasant is a pillar of the nation . 
A few weeks ago , New York sold $ 750 million of tax-exempts . 
That is a skill Sony badly needs -- and Warner is loath to lose . 
In September 1971 California officials seized `` bootlegged '' lenses -- made by unlicensed companies -- after some showed traces of bacteria . 
Holiday said Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation . 
Much of the recent slide in Dun & Bradstreet 's stock came late last week , after negative comments by analysts at Merrill Lynch & Co. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
He adds , however , that `` the momentum we have generated is unstoppable . 
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points . 
Jaguar hopes to reach a friendly accord with General Motors within a month that may involve producing a cheaper executive model . 
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director . 
In the first nine months , 1,977 transactions were announced , up 15 % from 1,716 in the year-earlier period . 
Such trappings suggest a glorious past but give no hint of a troubled present . 
Here are a few of their answers : -- `` They say that I am a student-athlete , but really I 'm an athlete-student . 
Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance . 
The Japanese have watched the Europeans and Canadians stumble in the U.S. market , and they fret that business practices that have won them huge profits at home wo n't translate into success in the U.S. . 
Such requirements , they argue , make it difficult to provide a basic , low-cost health-benefits package . 
`` We issue paper money ; we destroy paper money , '' says Jane Hinkle , a Philadelphia Fed spokeswoman . 
Shvartzer is a derogatory Yiddish word for a black person . 
In fighting USAir , Mr. Steinhardt was pitted against another investor , billionnaire Warren Buffett , who bought into USAir to help fend off Mr. Steinhardt . 
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORP. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 1.65 billion , NYSE , said it had no major structural damage at its 30 Bay-area buildings , but two workers were injured . 
Finally , Prince Rainier and Princess Grace saved her with the offer of a house in Monaco . 
( Judge Mayer was not on the three-member panel . ) 
Separately , UAL stock rose $ 4 a share to $ 175 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange on reports that Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis has asked United Airlines unions if they 're interested in cooperating with Mr. Davis in a new bid for UAL . 
The U.S. is submitting the proposal today in Geneva , hoping that the initiative will spur members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to reach agreement on new trade rules before their current negotiating round concludes in December 1990 . 
At Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale , about 40 miles south of San Francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that `` there were no show-stoppers '' in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus . 
Mr. Bologna said the sale would allow Gen-Probe to speed up the development of new technology , and to more quickly apply existing technology to an array of diagnostic products the company wants to offer . 
COCOA : 
As in the U.S. , it also produced a sudden burst in the demand for sterling , that is a surge in the sterling monetary aggregates , M-Whatever . 
The Newport Beach operators also tend to indulge themselves privately . 
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
The workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective . 
Boeing Co. , already struck by its Machinists union , briefly called off contract talks with its engineers and labeled their demands `` grossly excessive . '' 
Because the companies have lacked office computers considered standard equipment in the U.S. and Western Europe , Japanese corporations ' reputation as hi-tech powerhouses is only half right . 
The late buying was drawn into the London market , dealers added , after Wall Street showed signs of stability following its rocky opening . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Sept. 30 fell to 1,809,300 from 1,838,200 a week earlier . 
A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits . 
Brand loyalty was stronger among older consumers in the Journal survey . 
Both women say they also find it distasteful that CBS News is apparently concentrating on Mr. Hoffman 's problems as a manic-depressive . 
Afrikaner philosophers and theologians have long ruminated on the need for a white homeland . 
The account currently has $ 220 million . 
One brown two-year-old filly was wheezing from a cold , while another had splints on its legs , keeping both animals from the racetrack . 
SMALL TALK : 
Fina blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns . 
Speed is a component of quality -- one of the things we must deliver to satisfy customers . '' 
Democrats want the tax provision to be a separate bill , subject to the usual procedural obstacles . 
Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments , `` this has nothing to do with cigarettes , nor will it ever , '' the spokesman says . 
Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired . 
A state appellate court reinstated the 1987 convictions of Pymm Thermometer Corp. and two of its executives on charges of assault for exposing workers to toxic mercury vapors . 
What was n't mentioned is that Coniston and its investment banker , Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette , just completed a two-week `` road show '' for the purpose of marketing the bonds . 
Michael , which also processes potatoes , still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales and nearly half its pretax profit . 
Whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 35.4 million on sales of # 315.5 million in the year ended Feb. 25 . 
Some of these ideas are again under consideration in Congress . 
A slowing economy and its effect on corporate earnings is the foremost concern of many traders and analysts . 
But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson 's `` two-hit '' theory . 
Managing the bond issue is a group of investment banks headed by First Boston Corp. and co-managed by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Morgan Stanley & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Since late 1987 , for example , it has put off a rule dealing with deferred income taxes because of the continuing controversy over the issue . 
Maybe the whole regional system is an anachronism ; the Fed , after all , is a national central bank . 
The appeals court , however , said the judge did n't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial . 
`` The writer must not invent . '' 
At that time , the court held that such a claim would interfere with federal copyright law , which has always cracked down on the unauthorized copying of songs and musical compositions but never actual performances . 
Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old . 
Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies ; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. , Kalamazoo , Mich . 
`` Rascal Money '' ( Contemporary Books , 412 pages , $ 17.95 ) , a novel by consultant and business analyst Joseph R. Garber , tells the story of an innovative , well-run , widely respected computer manufacturing company called PegaSys as it faces a hostile takeover attempt by AIW , a much smaller corporation that is so incompetently managed as to constitute a standing joke in the business world . 
An antitrust suit that Mr. Maynard 's company filed in Los Angeles federal court against the United Egg Producers and others only added to the entrepreneur 's woes . 
He sold quarter-inch fingerlings to stock other farmers ' ponds , and he bought back one-pound-or-so food-fish that he `` live-hauled '' to market along with his own whiskery crop . 
Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share . 
In looking at these and other policies , I learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy illustrations '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years . 
The newspaper could fetch between 15 million and 20 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 12.8 million to $ 17.1 million ) , said one analyst , who asked not to be identified . 
One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of `` syngeries '' between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets . 
The New York Court of Appeals ruling parallels a 1980 decision by the California Supreme Court requiring shared liability among manufacturers for injuries when it ca n't be determined which company is at fault . 
Mr. Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Legent , Mail Boxes Etc. , and Payco American . 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 33.625 , giving Mr. Icahn 's 33.6 million shares a value of $ 1.13 billion . 
But that development also had little effect on traders ' sentiment . 
Anheuser said it continues to hold to its earlier-announced goal of a 50 % U.S. market share by the mid-1990s . 
In over-the-counter trading , Avery shares were quoted yesterday at a bid price of 93.75 cents a share . 
Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ? 
For many money managers , the past four months have been humiliating . 
The price was reduced last August from an indicated value of $ 76 million . 
Ford predicted fourth-quarter net income will fall below the year-earlier level , partly because of a likely $ 500 million charge from the sale of its steel operations . 
Mr. Jones , whose twangy voice and folksy ways belie an intense businessman who works 16-hour days , is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days . 
Ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later . 
The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans . 
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , AMI common closed at $ 23.625 , up 12.5 cents , on volume of almost 1.8 million . 
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits . 
And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off . 
As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative . 
The dealership took the extra step of having all the paper work for the transaction pre-approved by Ebensburg 's local lender , Laurel Bank . 
A permanent smoking ban on virtually all domestic airline routes won approval from the House , which separately sent to President Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 bill including the first construction funds for the space station . 
Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed . 
Livestock and Meats 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 155.7 million shares . 
In September , the number of jobless rose 0.1 % from the previous month to 2.5 million on a seasonally adjusted basis . 
`` There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , '' said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc . 
He is president and chief executive officer of Comerica Inc. in Detroit . 
Meanwhile , the government 's Land Bureau reports that only about a third of Korean families own their own homes . 
The dollar rose modestly against most major currencies . 
`` In essence we have made a decision to clear the decks , '' Mr. Bond told the meeting . 
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said . 
By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % . 
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 1.62 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
And then there 's always State U . 
International Signal & Control , Lancaster , Pa. , a defense-equipment manufacturer , was bought by Ferranti in 1987 for # 420 million ( $ 670.3 million ) . 
Consider , for example , the greenhouse effect and climate change ; numerous blue-ribbon scientific committees , including one from the National Academy of Science , judge there is a greater than 50 % probability of a grave problem in the offing . 
`` If they had this much trouble with Chicago & North Western , they are going to have an awful time with the rest . '' 
`` My position is well-known and well-stated , '' he replied . 
The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack , making them impassible . 
But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people tested with the devices . 
While the government drains Pemex from above , the union has drained it from below . 
By the end of the day , bond prices were mixed . 
Darla St. Martin , of the National Right to Life Committee , says exit polls from the 1988 election had single-issue , pro-life voters giving Mr. Bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave Michael Dukakis . 
In the Reagan administration we designed a comprehensive program ; we worked very hard on it . 
EMPLOYEE MANUALS : 
Someone with a master 's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal , Litigation Sciences advises . 
There has been no announcement of the Burger King arrangement by either party , possibly for fear that McDonald 's and other fast-food rivals would seize on it in scornful advertising . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers . 
For Mr. Sherwin , a conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each count . 
The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs . 
Di Giorgio gained 1 to 30 3\/4 after the company said it is starting negotiations with unidentified parties interested in acquiring its units . 
It 's just comic when they try to pretend they 're still the master race . '' 
`` It looks like a holiday . 
Merkur is n't the only European luxury brand having problems in the U.S. . 
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road . 
`` This particular issue goes to the very integrity of the capital-formation market , '' state Banking Commissioner Howard Brown said . 
Officials at the United Scientific unit , Optic-Electronic Corp. of Garland , Texas , and at Imo Industries of Lawrenceville , N.J. , could n't be reached for comment . 
`` Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' Mr. Litvinchuk said . `` 
Warner also contributed record results from its music business , where unit sales of compact discs rose more than 50 % from a year ago , the company said , helped by Prince 's `` Batman '' soundtrack . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) strongly resisted deeper cuts sought by the House . 
The Merc said that as part of the disciplinary settlement , neither man admitted , nor denied the alleged violations . 
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close , marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high , reached in the first 15 minutes of trading . 
For one thing , there is an old master on the wall -- `` Samuel Anointing David , '' a big baroque canvas painted by Mattia Preti , a 17th-century Neapolitan . 
Two things to keep in mind : Not all exchanges accept every type of order . 
About 20 other deaths were also attributed to the earthquake . 
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . 
But , by allowing BT Securities Inc. to handle private placements , the Fed boosted the volume of new types of underwriting that the unit can do . 
Mr. Turner was troubled enough to cancel the U.S. contract with the rent-a-colonel at the beginning of the Carter administration . 
Interest in the abortion issue is so great that the Hotline , a daily , computer-distributed political newsletter , comes up with a spinoff product called the Abortion Report dealing solely with its political implications . 
Japanese banks are under `` political pressure '' as well , the analyst said . 
She urges client couples to begin a `` detoxification '' period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves . 
Mr. Warren will remain on the company 's board . 
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia , the company said . 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level . 
In either case , the investor faces three possible outcomes : 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stock with offsetting trades in stock-index futures to profit from fleeting price discrepancies between the two markets . 
IBM , which made the announcement at the dedication of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from Europe . 
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation . 
The company expects all branches to reopen today . 
The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse . 
The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs . 
The extent of Marriott 's use is n't known , and Marriott officials could n't be reached for comment . 
Washington , D.C. -- 
The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . 
After two years of drought , it rained money in the stock-index futures markets yesterday . 
By contrast , Japan 's equal 6.7 % of GNP , a nation 's total output of goods and services . 
`` A lot of people would like to go back to 1970 , '' before program trading , he said . 
And the agency , which operated throughout fiscal 1989 with a $ 360 million budget shortfall , has been under a hiring freeze since last fall . 
But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion . 
British Airways , a member of the group that had offered $ 300 a share for UAL in a leveraged buy-out , said it had yet to receive a revised proposal and it was `` in no way committed '' to the completion of a bid . 
Mr. Cicero said that NBC Entertainment president Brandon Tartikoff , who declined to be interviewed , is `` looking at options now and may put some things into the schedule by mid-season . '' 
He did n't rule out negotiations with Ford , however . 
The head of British Satellite Broadcasting Ltd. said he hopes to raise about # 450 million ( $ 711 million ) before the satellite-TV venture makes its delayed debut next spring -- with a major chunk coming from new investors . 
Still , the split is there . 
The Oakland grocery retailer , closely held since a $ 4.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said profit for the three months ended Sept. 9 was $ 7.1 million , compared with $ 23 million a year earlier . 
Vincent Tolentino , a correspondent for the French magazine Telerama , says of the recently ended Tokyo festival : `` No one makes deals ... and most of the films have been seen before at other festivals . '' 
One of the two British companies still making hard toilet paper stopped production of it . 
Once again , the indomitable peasant holds Poland 's future in his hands . 
The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million , or 13 cents a share , from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division . 
Mr. Courter 's free-market plan to bring down auto insurance rates met criticism from Gov. Kean 's own insurance commissioner . 
In keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today , businessmen are dabbling in English and Italian suits that are conservative but not stodgy . 
And service levels have increased to the point where they 're consistently above 99 % . '' 
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there . 
Others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage . 
By afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength . 
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces , but active suspension provides power to counter the jolts . 
HOPES OF SIMPLIFYING the corporate minimum tax before 1990 are weakening . 
Though I 've been blessed with academic degrees and some success in the materialistic world , I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s . 
One of the best deals , though , may mean skipping Christmas dinner with the relatives . 
Mr. Pedroli notes that the GNP deflator , a measure of inflation , is expected to slow , which would give the Federal Reserve more room to ease key U.S. rates . 
Of course , that was before Ford 's latest move . 
The sheer number of planners makes the business extremely difficult , if not impossible , to regulate . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Wilfred fell 6.25 cents to 93.75 cents a share . 
`` It 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says Richard Posner , executive vice president for Credit Exchange Inc. , a leading credit service . 
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital . 
This provision lies at the heart of the British and Unice fears of `` social engineering '' by the commission . 
Mr. Canelo suggests that investors compare price\/earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per-share earnings for a 12-month period ) with projected growth rates . 
Sigmund Levine , Bancroft secretary and treasurer , said the closed-end fund 's directors will consider Mr. Green 's offer in a couple of weeks at a regular meeting . 
It 's too disruptive , '' he says . 
Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the bank or thrift that issued the CD is closed and its deposits paid off before maturity or transferred to another institution at a lower rate . 
`` There are a lot of have and have-not markets . '' 
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion . 
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
Contract details , however , have n't been made public . 
While flying home from those discussions , Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . 
`` Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , '' says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course . 
He says his aim is to reach people who are bedridden , have no access to transportation , ca n't find a lawyer to take their case or simply ca n't afford lawyers ' consultation fees . 
Or perhaps Wall Street , when it has suffered enough , will realize that finance is a service industry , and change its ethos . 
In other action yesterday , the high court : 
Sales rose 7.4 % to $ 580 million from $ 540 million . 
He does n't just walk off the mound and weep . '' 
In a statement , the company said : `` Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . 
Analysts had mixed responses to the results . 
The Senate , 84-6 , voted to increase to $ 124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA , which lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults last year . 
Mr. Ginn said the company 's cellular operations now serve about 341,000 customers , up 46 % from a year ago . 
Ms. Bartlett blithely suggested calling upon `` semi-skilled garden club workers for maintenance . '' 
`` The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter W. Williams , Rubbermaid president . 
Other investors have lost millions in partnerships that bought thoroughbred racehorses or stallion breeding rights . 
The BPCA called its team a `` stunning '' collaboration . 
Convex makes supercomputers that sell for up to $ 2 million and has an installed base of more than 550 systems and 340 customers world-wide . 
A Saatchi spokesman declined to comment about Interpublic . 
Here 's a look at some of the alternatives : 
LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained . 
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Norwood said it 's part of a group that holds 525,546 Phoenix Technologies common shares , or a 5.3 % stake . 
Analysts expect the spirits operations and some California vineyards that also are being sold to fetch about # 500 million ( $ 788.8 million ) . 
Last April , Mr. Drabinsky and a group of financial backers planned to acquire up to 30.2 % of Cineplex for C$ 17.50 a share from Bronfman associates . 
`` It 's truly entrepreneurial . 
Now , the 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time . 
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended . 
The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 and a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans and Jeeps . 
Most of Part A 's costs are paid by a payroll tax on workers and employers . 
On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. is reviewing debt issued by 12 California counties , and `` there are potential isolated problems , '' said Hyman Grossman , a managing director . 
Metromedia said its unit is the fifth-largest provider of long-distance communications service in the U.S. , with projected 1989 revenue of more than $ 550 million . 
In 1976 , he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and , five years later , became its president . 
But the administration has dropped any effort to win military aid for the rebels . 
MLX Corp. said it reached a preliminary agreement with senior lenders to its refrigeration and air-conditioning group to restructure the $ 188.5 million of credit facilities the lenders provide to the group . 
Corning 's chairman and chief executive officer , James R. Houghton , said operating performance continued to be strong in the telecommunications and health and science segments . 
THE YOM KIPPUR WAR , WHEN EGYPT CRASHED into Israel on Oct. 6 , 1973 , the holiest day in the Jewish calendar , lasted barely a month . 
The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion . 
In another approach , tiny Iverson Technology is trying to resume its growth by braving the new world of commercial products . 
Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 2 % and a year-on-year advance of 3 % . 
Unfortunately , he gets low grades as an investigative reporter , relying heavily on what Chicago 's late mayor , Richard J. Daley , called `` insinuendo . '' 
The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center . 
The No. 2 auto maker blamed incentive costs and reduced production -- both the result of a substantially weaker U.S. market -- for a 44 % drop in net to $ 477.1 million , or $ 1.03 a share , on revenue of $ 20.24 billion . 
`` We continue to be on target for ... increasing TPA sales 20 % to 25 % this year , '' said founder and Chief Executive Officer Robert Swanson . 
Maryland Club also distributes tea , which fits well with P&G 's Tender Leaf brand , and hot cocoa products . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
The pilots might end up teaming up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists union , in a recapitalization . 
Eastern 's creditors committee , along with the company , has consistently opposed the pilots ' claim , which if paid would have to come out of money both hope to use to pay off other bankruptcy claims . 
In 1988 , 31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 10.1 % for whites and 26.8 % for Hispanics . 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
The difference lies in how the two entrepreneurial furriers reacted to the foreign competition and transformation of their industry over the past 10 years . 
Japanese government bonds continued to erode as the dollar remained resilient against the yen . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents . 
Mr. Chan , now 64 years old , invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste . 
Even with its striking views of the New York harbor , the building is considered antiquated by modern office standards . 
Big auction houses want to make collectibles eligible for lower capital-gains taxes . 
`` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him , or being disapproved by him , shall be repassed by two-thirds of the Senate and House of Representatives , according to the rules and limitations prescribed in the case of a bill . '' 
But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices . 
Citizens First , which controls Citizens First National Bank and is based in Glen Rock , N.J. , will pay a maximum of 40 % in cash for the parent of Lakeland Savings Bank and the remainder in convertible preferred stock , with a liquidation value of $ 18 a share . 
Earthquake-related claims are n't expected to cause significant financial problems for the insurance industry as a whole . 
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants . 
Instead , New York City police seized the stolen goods , and Mr. Krisher avoided jail . 
Even Drexel is pulling back . 
DRUG WARS : 
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon . 
Robert J. Regal was named president and chief executive officer of this company 's Universal-Rundle Corp. unit . 
Such a focus is `` more profitable , more efficient and gives us a greater sense of control , '' said William A. Shane , Mercury 's senior executive vice president . 
United Fruit was one of the two largest contributors to Panama 's national income . 
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem . 
WCRS Group , for its part , will now be able to follow its longstanding plan of becoming `` a holding company for a series of media-related businesses , '' said Peter Scott , the firm 's chief executive . 
For the first nine months of 1989 , Central earned $ 2 million . 
Among other things , the memo contends that Young & Rubicam gave false assurances that the investigation would n't uncover any information that would `` embarrass the government of Jamaica or the Jamaica Tourist Board . '' 
Oh , that terrible Mr. Ortega . 
The sale , expected to close before the end of the year , also includes a manufacturing plant in Franklin Park , Ill . 
NewsEdge is pricey : $ 7,500 a year for a limited version , $ 40,000 a year if the cost of all the news wires is included . 
Takamori Matsuda , an analyst at Dresdner-ABD Securities , said fading expectation for lower interest rates made investors step back from real-estate shares , which advanced last week . 
`` We could have sat on it longer , but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace , '' says Richard Poole , senior scout for Santa Fe International . 
Germany 's trade surplus is largely with other European countries rather than with the U.S. , Mr. Mulford acknowledged . 
Rural Solidarity objected , to no avail , when Solidarity leader Lech Walesa accepted the Peasants ' support . 
Friday , October 20 , 1989 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
But how much will shoppers benefit ? 
Indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways . 
After Hugo hit , many insurers exhausted their reinsurance coverage and had to tap reinsurers to replace that coverage in case there were any other major disasters before the end of the year . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ . 
Its stock fell 12.5 cents , to $ 2.125 , in American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
`` I upgraded the firm to my buy list because I certainly see signs of improvement , '' says Lawrence Eckenfelder , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
Rowland , meanwhile , has expanded aggressively , and now ranks as the fifth-largest U.S. public relations firm , according to O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms . 
After all , until the 1950s even the Red Delicious was a firm , delectable morsel . 
The first analyst said that the Japanese , as well as the Chinese , bought copper earlier in the week in London , but that this purchasing has since slackened as the supply situation , at least over the long term , appears to have improved . 
Revenue was $ 454.6 million , a 6.9 % gain from $ 425.4 million . 
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
Volume was 840.8 million shares , up from 443.6 million Thursday and the week 's most active session . 
According to senior consultants to the church , Mr. Moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the Chinese government to build an automobile-parts plant in Guangdong Province , an area of China with a substantial Korean minority . 
Those events continue to move at a rate , and in a direction , which leave informed commentary -- let alone policy -- far in their wake . 
According to William Orbe , an attorney at Grais & Richards , the escrow agents for the fund , as of Sept. 30 the fund amounted to $ 60.5 million . 
As a result , the Japanese people did n't know what to expect when the new law was introduced on April 1 . 
`` If that gets people excited , it could serve as an impetus to the fixed-income markets to lower their rates , '' he added . 
Like Mr. Brown , they sometimes go to surprising lengths to meet that overarching corporate goal : delivering the goods on time . 
Net income rose to $ 97.9 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 50.5 million , or 60 cents a share , a year earlier . 
It is expected to report next summer . 
Their other staple has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds . 
As soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price . 
Courts and legislatures make decisions in very different ways and are each susceptible to very different kinds of errors . 
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals . 
The czars were no civil libertarians . 
The Kennedy amendment would , in effect , legislate around the Supreme Court ruling . 
Imperial Chemical Industries of the U.K. also has one , and is building a plant in Louisiana to produce it . 
Estimated volume was a light two million ounces . 
He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities . 
December silver eased 2.7 cents an ounce to $ 5.133 . 
In addition to the forecast , the company also said it is examining potential cost cuts and reductions in overhead . 
News of the restructuring plan sent Sea Containers ' shares up $ 1 to $ 62 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
`` The computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one . 
Even so , his bill is given little chance of passage . 
The linkup with Credit Agricole will give Nuovo Banco its first foreign presence since it was formed from the wreck of the old Banco Ambrosiano , which collapsed amid scandal after the death of Chairman Roberto Calvi in 1982 . 
They could also check through the orders on file to find a customer that was willing to accept a lower grade of polyethylene . 
Sir John noted that GM , a longtime Jaguar supplier , agrees `` we should remain an independent company . '' 
Pro forma earnings for fiscal 1988 were $ 19.6 million , or 99 cents a share , on revenue of $ 97.2 million . 
Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes , they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles . 
Interest rates generally began declining last spring after moving steadily upward for more than a year . 
The other meals do n't matter . '' 
He added : `` How is a travel agent going to sell a holiday when he can not guarantee a return flight ? '' 
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute . 
To more than replace the wood from two English oaks used for paneling at Paul Stuart , however , Mr. McDonough and friends planted 1,000 acorns around the country . 
The campaign replaces its `` Take Comfort in Cotton '' ads and marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts . 
Rep. J. Dennis Hastert ( R. , Ill . ) 
Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company `` in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season . '' 
Cray said it earned $ 30.6 million , or $ 1.04 a share , up 35 % from $ 22.6 million , or 73 cents a share , a year ago . 
The Tokyo market 's resiliency helped participants to regain confidence gradually as they spent more time on analyzing factors that caused the Friday plunge and realized these problems were unique to New York stocks and not directly related to Tokyo . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
The dollar dropped . 
Analysts on average had been expecting about $ 2.70 for Alcoa and $ 1 for Alcan . 
Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year , but began offering sizable discounts over the summer . 
There 's a casino , the financial heart of it all . 
Actually , `` we do n't get much negative publicity about this , '' he insists , `` except for the press who write about it . '' 
The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers . 
`` If we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , '' says Hendrik Verwoerd Jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the Orange Workers , founded in 1980 . 
Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group . 
Some analysts at least are buying that argument , and were n't alarmed by the losses . 
But it has been an open question whether Mr. Sikes , an extraordinarily cautious man , would continue pushing deregulation at the FCC in the face of what is likely to be great political pressure . 
`` This sets things way back . '' 
The institute 's advocacy efforts are based on the needs of the population it serves and represents . 
The Fed serves as a middleman for banks , taking checks from one bank and sending them to another , an operation that it handled smoothly Tuesday night after the quake . 
The transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed ; the seed itself is fed to animals . 
PROCTER & GAMBLE CO. , Cincinnati-based company 's Folgers Coffee plant in South San Francisco was closed following the earthquake , no injuries or major damage , other plants around country can make up for any lost production . 
The utility 's stock closed at $ 4 a share , up 37.5 cents , in composite trading on the Big Board . 
And in a separate transaction , Beghin-Say will sell its remaining 25 % interest in A.T.B. , a holding company for international trading assets , to an unspecified unit of Ferruzzi for 258 million francs . 
It also opens a rift in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build . 
`` Work hard , play hard '' is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion . 
It helped Dictaphone attract better engineers , and it provided new technology for other company products . 
In the coming decade a majority of people-oriented companies are likely to adopt it . 
But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers . 
But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani . 
As the good times rolled they more than doubled their prices for pulp , a raw material used in all sorts of paper , to $ 830 a metric ton this past spring from $ 380 a ton at the start of 1986 . 
The largest sale in the competitive arena was a $ 55.7 million issue of school financing bonds from the Virginia Public School Authority . 
A spokesman for GM , the No. 1 auto maker , declined to say how many Jaguar shares that company owns . 
Cane & Associates touts its $ 2-a-minute service as the `` cheapest legal hour you 'll ever find . '' 
They said the price would be around $ 10 million . 
Top executives at Continental have n't lasted long , especially those recruited from outside . 
Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment . 
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB 's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin . 
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major 's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party . 
Short-term Treasury securities ended narrowly mixed , with two-year notes posting slight declines while three-year notes were slightly higher . 
Meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 44 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes . 
However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
That suit and Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage . 
As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation and again chose CSC . 
The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services , Chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the GE Capital operations . 
In the immediate postwar years , the Rothschilds concentrated on rebuilding their other European operations , delaying their return to Frankfurt . 
The move significantly expanded Black & Decker 's product line , but also significantly increased its debt load . 
The articles were largely based on interviews Ms. Malcolm had taped with Jeffrey Masson , a psychoanalyst who had served as projects director of the Freud Archives . 
Friday 's big fall was `` just a blunder by the stock market , '' says John Connolly , chief strategist for Dean Witter . 
Then , says Dr. Levy , `` she woke up paralyzed . '' 
That structural lack is crucial because investors are the only source of market liquidity . 
Gas to fuel it would be piped from the North Sea . 
In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . 
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
Still , even results approaching break-even would mark a sharp weakening compared with fiscal 1989 first-quarter earnings of $ 9.6 million , or 30 cents a share , on sales of $ 200.2 million . 
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading . 
Nothing was going to hold up the long-delayed settlement of Britton vs. Thomasini . 
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor . 
While the practice was discouraged in the past , the conference agreement is laced with veterans ' hospitals , environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities . 
Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , `` Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits . '' 
`` This late in an expansion , '' the economy tends to veer off either into damaging inflation or into a recession , Mr. Confair says . 
Harvard 's Matthew Meselson -- who we read has sold something called the `` scientific community '' on the notion that `` yellow rain '' attacks on the Laotian Hmong were in fact the result of fecal showers by giant bees -- found the Soviet anthrax scenario `` completely plausible . '' 
Among other services , the firm provides pre-trial opinion polls , creates profiles of `` ideal '' jurors , sets up mock trials and `` shadow '' juries , coaches lawyers and witnesses , and designs courtroom graphics . 
Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc. , Grosse Pointe Shores , Mich. , estimated it will sell about as many cars in 1990 as the 75,000 it expects to deliver this year . 
Trinova Corp. said it will resume buying back as many as three million of its common shares under a program announced two years ago . 
But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny . 
Maxicare said the plan stipulates that enrollees in the company 's health plans will have valid claims covered in full . 
The Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit was created in 1982 to serve , among other things , as the court of last resort for most patent disputes . 
`` Hacksaw '' and `` Bonecrusher '' are the sort of nicknames normally associated with linebackers and heavyweight contenders . 
Trading was suspended in WCRS Group , a U.K. advertising concern , pending an announcement that it is buying the remaining 50 % of France 's Carat Holding for 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.7 million ) and expanding commercial and equity ties with advertising group Eurocom . 
Jeffrey , Peter , Joseph Jr. , William and Joseph Sr. constitute the company 's board . 
Commodore had been counting on its consumer business to stay sufficiently healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its Amiga , which has slick graphics yet has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with Apple Computer Inc. or International Business Machines Corp. hardware . 
In April , when many of them bought their CDs , six-month certificates were yielding more than 9 % ; investors willing to look could find double-digit yields at some banks and thrifts . 
The group has forecast 1989 revenue of 56.9 billion francs . 
Some of it was due to lower-than-expected earnings from leading companies , he said . 
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them . 
Another analyst noted that Cuba has been deferring shipments in recent years . 
In Cupertino , Calif. , Apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that HyperCard does not infringe `` any valid claims '' of the Quickview patents . 
However , Bear Stearns has never had an unprofitable year since its founding 65 years ago . 
This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point . 
And that is before consideration of increased state and local revenues from taxes and fees on sales , real estate , licenses and the like . 
Through the first six months of 1989 , sales had grown about 12 % from the year-earlier period . 
Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop . 
Tuesday , Nov. 7 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Hurricane ! '' 
Trek Bicycle Corp. , which accounts for one-quarter of the $ 400 million in annual sales at its Milwaukee-based parent , Intrepid Corp. , entered the mountain-bike business in 1983 . 
Administration officials also have said that Washington Mayor Marion Barry has delayed consideration of sites in the city . 
The carrier has n't yet turned a profit . 
These measurements can indicate temperature changes , researchers said , because the rates of evaporation of these oxygen atoms differ as temperatures change . 
He noted that institutional investors showed `` pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session . 
Odds and Ends 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes and smile with a face of innocence at their perfumed happiness . 
Yields on money funds dropped in the week ended Tuesday , according to Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass. , newsletter . 
After several years of booming business with China , foreign traders are bracing for the biggest slump in a decade . 
Regarding your Oct. 4 page-one article `` Bad Blood '' on the generic-drug battle : The Epilepsy Institute is not just a patient-advocacy organization . 
Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed . 
Since its premiere Sept. 16 , the show on which Ms. Chung appears has used an actor to portray the Rev. Vernon Johns , a civil-rights leader , and one to play a teenage drug dealer . 
This is a style of `` visual '' computing that provides three-dimensional , color models of everything from the inside of a house to the latest in women 's fashion . 
The House version would raise slightly more . 
And Oranjemund boasts attractions besides diamonds . 
Traders were shouting bids and offers a full five minutes before the start of trading at 8:30 am 
Saturday night she dined in an emergency shelter on salmon steaks prepared by chefs from one of the city 's four-star restaurants . 
Helmsley 's insurance division had slightly exceeded that percentage , sources say , but the division was n't considered significant enough to the company to be restructured , particularly at a difficult time for the firm . 
Drugs were a major issue in two days of talks between French President Francois Mitterrand and Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez . 
The most remarkable feature about yesterday 's action was that the price of roughly $ 370 an ounce was regarded as attractive enough by gold producers around the world to aggressively sell gold , Mr. Mehta said . 
As the hearings begin , the self-important Sen. Bowman ( Jerome Kilty ) announces : `` Let me emphaticize one thing at the outset : We are not looking for hides to skin nor goats to scape . '' 
So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos , gossip , technical data , schedules and directives distributed over local and national computer networks . 
The carpets wo n't be glued down , and walls will be coated with nontoxic finishes . 
United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing . 
Wall Street executives said they believed that Renaissance 's $ 900 million buy program was carried out by PaineWebber Inc . 
Yesterday , Mr. Dole seemed weary of the Bush administration 's strategy of pushing the capital-gains measure at every chance in the face of Democratic procedural hurdles . 
`` A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , '' says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm . 
As a result , Canada 's trade surplus with the U.S. narrowed to C$ 656.5 million ( US$ 558 million ) in August from C$ 1.23 billion ( US$ 1.04 billion ) in July . 
The offering , Series 1989-3 , is by a company established by First Boston for issuing Remics and other derivative mortgage securities . 
Its third-quarter earnings more than doubled from a year earlier and exceeded analysts ' expectations . 
And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters and sheriffs on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , and alerted San Francisco that the city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal . 
CalMat advanced 2 3\/4 to 28 3\/4 , Lone Star Industries gained 1 3\/4 to 29 1\/4 , Lafarge rose 1 to 19 1\/2 , Southdown added 5\/8 to 24 5\/8 and Eljer Industries rose 1 1\/4 to 24 7\/8 . 
Adm. Goupil 's comments are likely to inflame the broader dispute within the military establishment here over the role of Dassault . 
He again urged passage of a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out . 
That was borne out by the Justice Department 's decision '' to settle the case . 
Net income rose to $ 748 million , or 81 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 621 million , or 67 cents a share . 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value . 
The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is `` both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , '' he said . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
`` Without some unexpected `` coup de theatre '' , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , '' said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet-Dupont & Cie . 
Nicaragua 's Ortega postponed until today a decision on whether to end a 19-month-old cease-fire in the conflict with the Contra rebels . 
But other analysts contend that while the Fed 's move to loosen credit has n't been aggressive , it nevertheless sends a clear signal that , at least for now , the Fed has relaxed its grip on credit . 
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Richard Breeden told a congressional subcommittee that he would consider imposing `` circuit breakers '' to halt program trading at volatile times . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.45 % three months ; 8.27 % six months . 
Think I 'll buy one of those `` I Survived '' T-shirts after all . 
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset . 
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so . 
Beefeater alone is worth as much as # 300 million , analysts said . 
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer . 
Lackluster returns are one reason . 
Trading on little specific information , market players overnight in Tokyo began bidding up oil prices . 
Today , so-called mountain bikes account for two-thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. . 
Avondale Industries Inc. , New Orleans , received a $ 23 million contract from the Navy to enlarge by 50 % the capacity of an auxiliary oiler . 
Computers that once were the state of the art , The marvels bought three years ago , Are now obsolete . 
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier . 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other . 
( Keeping cool is a Dinkins priority : On humid days this summer , he was known to change his double-breasted suits as many as four times a day . ) 
DLJ argues that TW could , if necessary , cut capital spending , since half of what it plans to spend is for `` growth , '' rather than maintenance . 
The election was by secret ballot in the General Assembly . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000 , and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840 . 
Enormous ice sheets retreated from the face of North America , northern Europe and Asia . 
That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter ( who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom `` Murphy Brown '' ) . 
During the Reagan years he expanded his business and intelligence contacts with the Cubans and the Sandinistas . 
All are expected to reopen soon . 
To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name . 
`` Besides , we have enough on our plate . 
The court ordered FERC to justify within 60 days not only its cost-sharing deadline , but other major elements of its proposed regulation for introducing more competition into natural-gas transportation . 
In recent weeks , moreover , Mr. Brady has joined other administration officials in trying to urge the Fed toward lower interest rates . 
Which was about what Mr. Shields did , and quietly , until he resigned a few years later , pleading ill health , when the stuff hit the fan . 
The three institutions are : Mid Kansas Federal Savings & Loan Association , Wichita , which had $ 830.5 million in assets ; Valley Federal Savings & Loan Association of McAllen , McAllen , Texas , with $ 582.6 million in assets ; and Surety Savings Association , El Paso , with $ 309.3 million in assets . 
The biotechnology concern said the agreement between its longtime West German distributor , Boehringer-Ingleheim 's Dr. Karl Thomae G.m.b.H. subsidiary , and Hoechst 's Behringwerke subsidiary was an attempt to expand the market for blood-clot drugs in general . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
And , beginning in 1992 , it will have a claim on as much as 20 % of Manville 's annual net income . 
During the coming months , layers of management will be peeled away and regional offices will become more autonomous . 
This being typed in a standing position . 
Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned , careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important . 
Similarly , the measure adjusts the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum . 
But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers . 
Oregon 's rate will rise to $ 4.75 an hour , the nation 's highest , in Jan. 1 , 1991 . 
The dollar sagged against other major currencies in lethargic trading . 
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news . 
Western Union had said two weeks ago that it might withdraw the pending offer , which would have replaced $ 500 million in so-called reset notes , now paying 19.25 % annual interest and set to come due in 1992 , with two new issues paying lower interest . 
Aside from exploring plans for joint ventures or acquisitions , Mr. Lippens has called top managers of companies rumored as potential raiders -- among them , Axa-Midi , Union des Assurances de Paris and Suez , all based in France . 
What 's more , a flood of new products has given consumers a dizzying choice of brands , many of which are virtually carbon copies of one other . 
To be sure , the full Senate , facing a fast-approaching budget deadline , last Friday stripped away all of the tax breaks that were contained in the Finance Committee bill . 
Traders said most municipal bonds ended 1\/2 point higher . 
And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is `` a sound marketing decision . 
These findings illustrate the vicious cycle that National Institute of Justice Director James K. Stewart calls `` crime causing poverty . '' 
THE FINANCIAL ACCOUNTING STANDARDS BOARD'S coming rule on disclosure involving financial instruments will be effective for financial statements with fiscal years ending after June 15 , 1990 . 
Wall Street securities firms , `` the primary source of liquidity for the high yield market , '' have been net sellers of junk bonds because of trading losses , Deltec said in a recent , grim report to customers . 
Capitalizing on that presence , Western Digital is launching a major effort to develop the embryonic reseller market in Europe . 
Well , how about a loan , he 'll take your name and address ... 
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % . 
`` Impossible , impossible , '' say the Conradies , an elderly couple who have run the general store for decades . 
The catalyst has been the congressional move to restore preferential tax treatment for capital gains , an effort that is likely to succeed in this Congress . 
Donald Iverson , chairman , says he hopes the company can eventually get up to half of its revenue from commercial markets . 
It 's simply the right time to do what we are doing , '' Mr. Lipstein said . 
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights . 
`` This project is ready to move , '' said State Urban Development Corp. Chairman Vincent Tese . 
Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show . 
But with its 10.4 % stake , Ford can convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge them to drop the restrictions prematurely . 
Imports from Canada rose to 272,000 tons in August from 209,000 in July . 
`` If that does n't happen , then we press forward on another vehicle and a separate vote , '' said press secretary Marlin Fitzwater . 
The Chicago office figured prominently in the bank 's problems earlier this year , when $ 65 million in loans to Chicago businessman William Stoecker went sour . 
Most investment-grade bonds fell 3\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
He once used that line in a closed-door meeting on Panama , meaning do n't shrink from taking action against Manuel Noriega . 
Stratus Computer , which reported earnings late Friday that were in line with a disappointing forecast , eased 3\/4 to 24 on 816,000 shares . 
K mart tested the warehouse-club sector last year with its acquisition of a 51 % interest in Makro Inc . 
He was threatening to take over the carrier , after spending an estimated $ 167 million to build an 8.4 % USAir stake for his investment clients . 
The company did n't announce the sale until after the close of the market . 
BanPonce caters to a more affluent customer , while Banco Popular has always had a large presence among middle-income and lower-income markets . 
But , in the past 10 days , he has taken a series of body blows to his pride and his reputation that could adversely affect his ability to govern this tumultuous city should he become New York 's first black mayor . 
In the past five years , more than 68 % of its sales have been outside the U.S. . 
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires . 
The lawyers are now in charge of our national security . 
For one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed . 
For instance , he noted , the Fed studies have shown that blacks receive more home improvement loans than whites . 
Financial markets quieted , with stock prices edging lower , bonds inching up and the dollar almost unchanged . 
Adds Stacy Kotman , an economist at Georgia State University , `` There 's nothing positive about an earthquake , but it will probably generate more construction activity . '' 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects . 
Then the 20th century saw the evolution of private-sector wonder drugs , which promulgated medical therapy . 
But he said Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi . 
In 1983 , Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the Senate convicted him . 
Pegasus Gold `` has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues , '' says Marty McNeill , metals analyst at Dominick & Dominick , a New York investment firm . 
Capital Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company . 
To provide for the restructuring 's costs , Trinova said it took an after-tax charge of $ 38.5 million , or $ 1.13 a share , in the third quarter . 
The repair shops are n't united , however . 
This conclusion , he said , restored the credibility of Tokyo stocks . 
Some equity funds did better than others in the week that began on Friday the 13th . 
But Mr. Stein said he is `` reasonably confident '' that earnings for the full year will exceed the $ 3.1 million , or 17 cents a share , in 1988 . 
The new candy bars , `` make an important contribution to our Nestle Foods commitment to this very important strategic unit , '' said C. Alan MacDonald , president of Nestle Foods in Purchase , N.Y . 
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard . 
The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % . 
A year earlier , the company had a deficit of $ 1.5 million , or six cents a share . 
Cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of Hunter 's existing debt . 
Last year , Morgan Grenfell shut down its ailing U.K. securities operations . 
The company dispatched as many as 200 people in the San Francisco area to do the work , though most of the rerouting was done by computer . 
Mr. Bond indicated the consolidated debt figures , which include debt of units such as Bell Group Ltd. , will be published soon in Bond Corp. 's 1989 annual accounts . 
List prices on the heavier Texas Instrument laptops will be $ 4,999 for the TI Model 25 , with a 20 megabyte disk drive , and $ 5,599 for the 40-megabyte Model 45 . 
In the Securities and Exchange Commission filings , the group has said it may seek control of Rally 's . 
The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 30 % from 27 % currently . 
`` He 's as busy as he was as speaker , '' reports Mr. Wright 's administrative aide , Larry Shannon . 
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan . 
Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area . 
`` Their management changed right after { the venture was formed } , and I do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines . '' 
Costa Rica reached an agreement with its creditor banks that is expected to cut that government 's $ 1.8 billion in bank debt by as much as 60 % . 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Campeau reportedly may receive a $ 1.3 billion offer for Bloomingdale 's from Tokyu Department Store of Japan . 
Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization , which sometimes results when these problems go untreated for too long . 
In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation . 
Security said it signed a letter of intent to purchase La Jolla Bancorp , agreeing to pay $ 15 of its own stock for each share of La Jolla . 
They told her , ` We do n't hire fat people and we do n't hire cripples . 
According to one dealer , Japan said it has only 40,000 tons of sugar remaining to be shipped to it this year by Cuba under current commitments . 
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed . 
She said the company could pay as much as 25 % more for the ships . 
It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals . 
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr. , president of Crowntuft , will continue to head Crowntuft 's management group . 
Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 176.1 million shares . 
Concerned for her state of mind , I dropped them -- and the market instantly began its steady climb back to health . 
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close . 
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities . 
`` It 's the missing link '' in Olivetti 's product line between small personal computers and higher-priced minicomputers , the Olivetti spokesman said . 
Subscribing schools get the 12-minute daily Channel One news program , whose four 30-second TV ads during each show have drawn protests from educators . 
Wrong . 
The venture will be based in Indianapolis . 
In remarks at a White House ceremony marking Polish Heritage Month , Mr. Bush announced that Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter , Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher and Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole will lead the U.S. group . 
Here are details of yesterday 's 51-day cash management bill auction : 
To judge from novels that mirror the contemporary scene , we 're back in the age of anxiety . 
Stop orders are sometimes called `` stop-loss '' orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses . 
The $ 320 million purchase of MTM represented an audacious international move for TVS , which then was about half the U.S. concern 's size . 
The Soviets are `` contemplating a flexible system under which it would be possible to develop { technology } jointly and even to market it jointly , '' he says . 
The ad is part of Classic Coke 's 1990 ad campaign , with the tag line , `` Ca n't beat the Real Thing . '' 
The 20-stock MMI mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
The computing-services concern will pay $ 1,059.04 for each $ 1,000 face amount of debt . 
BEWARE OF HEAVY DEBT . 
The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments . 
In March , N M Rothschild in London and Rothschild Bank in Zurich showed assets of # 4.1 billion ( $ 6.51 billion ) and 1.26 billion Swiss francs ( $ 774 million ) , respectively . 
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
`` Beta is only part of the risk in a stock , '' says William F. Sharpe , the Stanford University emeritus professor who developed the measure . 
Despite the new emphasis on the family trade , however , tourists in search of naughtier fun than gambling seem certain to find it , with Las Vegas call girls remaining on the scene . 
Other retail properties for sale include Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field , retailers now owned by B.A.T PLC , the British tobacco conglomerate . 
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 . 
Congress would then need the usual two-thirds majority to override any veto . 
There was speculation that the supply was coming from a commercial bank 's portfolios . 
But according to Great American , such profits do n't count toward meeting the San Diego savings bank 's new capitalization requirements under 1989 federal law . 
Manville is a building and forest products concern . 
U.S. durable goods orders are expected to show a decline of 1.2 % in September , according to economists . 
Weisfield 's shares soared on the announcement yesterday , closing up $ 11 to close at $ 50 in national over-the-counter trading . 
Continental Air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years . 
Dollar : 141.65 yen , off 0.45 ; 1.8300 marks , off 0.0100 . 
Yet , he asserts , `` you look around ... and you say , ` Who are the leaders ? 
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad . 
The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations . 
Agreement , disapproval , boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects ' twist of a dial . 
Convertible capital appreciation bonds with a final stated maturity of Nov. 15 , 2014 , convert Nov. 15 , 1999 . 
Meanwhile , as the Sunday evening show struggles to stay afloat against the tough competition of `` Murder , She Wrote , '' the grapevine idea is threatening to turn into a weed : The tactic apparently has inspired sample viewings , but accolades are slow in coming . 
And in a case filed in federal court in August , a lawyer is arguing that Missouri authorities are wrongfully imprisoning the fetus of a pregnant woman who is in jail for theft and forgery . 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on Showtime ( repeated Nov. 2 , 6 , 11 and 15 ) : `` The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . '' 
The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 . 
Cipher Data , a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical disc drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring . 
Securities trading was conducted in a backup facility in Concord . 
Mutinies wrack his armed forces ( really just an armed gang ) , which control less than half the country . 
New weapons systems will be around until the next century , notes John Tascher , the Defense Department 's metric coordinator . 
The Floral Park , N.Y. , thrift has a strong capital-to-assets ratio , said Vice President Michael D.N. Confer . 
Harry Lee Smith Alpharetta , Ga . 
However , Bond Corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later . 
Analysts said the nation 's second-largest drugstore chain was a valuable company , despite its financial woes . 
Justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova , who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals . 
One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest . 
But some American defense officials believe the North Atlantic Treaty Organization should take more time to examine the long-term implications of the options being considered . 
Lance Zipper , head of over-the-counter trading at Kidder Peabody , said it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday 's trading volume . 
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 . 
`` Nobody knows how deep the cycle is going to be , '' said Rod Young , vice president of Resource Information Systems Inc. , a Bedford , Mass. , economic-forecasting firm . 
But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies , as it did for much of this year , the dollar value of these funds declines . 
The success of the British gold standard was due to independent private banking and common law , rather than the choice of gold for valuing the currency . 
`` They either pick it up , '' he says , `` or they start pulling from a fresh direction . '' 
NOVEMBER BALLOTS will contain few referendum or initiative issues that especially affect small business . 
He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers . 
Earlier this month the St. Louis Fed held a conference to assess the system 's first 75 years . 
A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 415.3 million from $ 390.5 million . 
Sluggish sales of the Beretta and Corsica spurred GM to offer $ 800 rebates on those cars . 
Details of the escrow agreement have n't been completed , the companies said . 
Mr. Hubbard , who died in 1986 , bequeathed the copyrights on his writings to his church , which licensed them to New Era Publications , a Danish corporation . 
The Allianz statement led to speculation that Allianz eventually could sell to Paribas . 
The UAL news had already caused a selling furor in the so-called third market , in which firms buy and sell stock away from the exchange floor . 
Reflecting better growth prospects abroad , McDonald 's noted that as of Sept. 30 more stores were under construction overseas than a year ago , while the opposite was true for domestic expansion . 
The real income of wage-earning families in the month eased 1.2 % to 438,845 yen from the previous year . 
Mr. Panelli has plenty of company . 
Small-business interests have lobbied against the so-called Section 89 tax rules . 
Personal-computer maker AST Research Inc. said it is still studying the situation . 
Today a President can still send up spending rescissions , but they 're meaningless unless Congress has a guilty conscience and changes its mind . 
Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is costing Federal `` a big number , '' says James Barksdale , executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications . 
He called the sour loans `` appalling '' and added , `` You opened the file up and it just jumped at you . '' 
Mr. Padovan is currently a director at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents . 
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units . 
General Electric Co. received a $ 30.6 million Air Force contract for MX-missile nose cones . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. said it agreed definitively to acquire one of Control Data Corp. 's computer-maintenance businesses . 
You 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity . '' 
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said . 
Mr. Lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation . 
`` Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed , but the list of closings changes about every 20 minutes . 
W.R. Grace & Co. , New York , said its earnings for the third quarter nearly doubled as a result of a $ 114.4 million pre-tax gain from restructuring its energy operations and other adjustments . 
Officials also insist Mr. Bush will use the trip to highlight his own initiatives for pushing democracy in the region , fighting illegal drugs and assisting the less developed countries . 
Earlier this week , Genetics Institute reported wider losses in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug. 31 . 
Their discomfort is a healthy sign for the rest of us . 
`` Are you stupid ? '' he snaps . 
Cincinnati Gas & Electric Co. tops the companies portion of the accompanying Insider Trading table this week . 
The stock tumbled 24 7\/8 to 198 on volume of 2.8 million shares . 
That theme has been a recurring one for Soviet military officials for much of this year . 
April 16 , 1987 : 
He said he believes the bank loan , to be arranged by February , will supply about half of the financing . 
But although Japanese companies increased their U.S. auto output by 42 % from January to September compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the U.S. will drop only 9 % this year , Nikko Research Center estimates . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.71 to 370.58 . 
A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines : 
According to one London-based analyst , even higher interest rates wo n't help the pound if Britain 's government continues to appear unstable . 
Equally importantly , the treasury secretary has spearheaded the administration effort to bring the U.S. dollar down by shopping avidly for West German marks and Japanese yen . 
`` The pilots will be involved in any transaction that takes place around here , '' pilot union chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky declared yesterday . 
And when they were no longer needed , they were turned loose unprepared to build lives of their own . 
He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest `` dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 ( $ 6.30 ) a share . '' 
As an alternative , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
Mr. Horton oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts . 
Arrested were Jose O. Lopez , 27 years old , of Whittier , Calif. , the vault supervisor ; Carlos O. Huerta , 29 , of La Puente ; Luis A. Arroyo , 36 , of Los Angeles ; Ignacio Rojas Jr. , 32 , of Baldwin Park ; Doris Moreno , 37 , of Bell Gardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park . 
The company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba . 
The plunge followed a drop of $ 56.875 Monday , amid indications the takeover may take weeks to be revived . 
Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services and handles mergers and acquisitions , placement of securities and real estate . 
In 1956 , when Britain , France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal , Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe . 
`` That means that if the offense deals with one part of the business , you do n't attempt to seize the whole business ; you attempt to seize assets related to the crime , '' he explained . 
Maybe we should ask why it was that Du Pont so quickly capitulated and issued a statement , giving it wide publicity , that it was withdrawing CFCs . 
The loss was largely due to a $ 55.2 million addition to reserves . 
`` We have the worst lease in the NFL , '' contends Michael B. McCaskey , the president of the Chicago Bears and a grandson of George Halas , who founded the NFL 's predecessor organization . 
Three of the largest offerings , by Exxon Capital Corp. , Xerox Corp. and Citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
A whole morning of ballooning and I had been off the ground barely 30 minutes . 
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier . 
He could develop the beach through a trust , but instead is trying have his grandson become a naturalized Mexican so his family gains direct control . 
There are all sorts of variations on term insurance : policies structured to pay off your mortgage debt , term riders tacked on to permanent insurance , and many others . 
The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 . 
Swiveling in his chair , Mr. Straszheim replies that the new outlook , though still weak , does n't justify calling a recession right now . `` 
CAPITAL TRAVELS to Europe as 1992 unification nears . 
`` They may not have been able to articulate it all , but they did it , '' says Stephen Gillers , a legal ethics expert at New York University law school . 
