In the stands , people waved ANC flags , wore ANC T-shirts , sang ANC songs and chanted ANC slogans . 
`` I played very transparently , with the tip of the bow . 
Mr. Krenz is expected to be formally named to all three positions once the nation 's parliament convenes later this week . 
What 's next ? 
Since the China crisis erupted , Mr. Mushkat says , the scenario as depicted by the middle-of-the-road group bears a remarkable resemblance to the difficulties Hong Kong currently faces . 
The company attributed the decrease in part to the exclusion of the company 's British sales from the current year 's figures as a result of the subsidiary 's status as a proposed discontinued operation and , in part , to lower sales in certain key foreign and domestic accounts . 
In the process , `` Batibot , '' an archaic Filipino word meaning `` strong '' or `` enduring , '' has become a powerful advocate of the use of the Filipino language . 
All you get is risk . '' 
The central offices for both regions were previously located in Ludwigshafen , Basf headquarters . 
For small companies , he says , interest rates are far more important than what happens on stock exchanges . 
`` The company 's stock is trading at 40 times next year 's numbers , and that 's too much , '' she said . 
The same issue threatens to spill over to the foreign aid debate , and Mr. Bush also is threatening to veto any agreement that preserves Senate-passed provisions renewing U.S. support for the United Nations Fund for Population Activities . 
Falcon , a limited partnership , said it wanted the increase in order to continue its $ 2.15-per-unit annual payment , and for expansion and acquisitions . 
But if reinvested dividends are excluded , investors put in only $ 340 million more than they pulled out for the month . 
That included capital gains that were passed along to customers . 
Galileo 's photos of Europa will be more than 1,000 times as sharp as Voyager 's , according to Torrence Johnson , Galileo 's project scientist , and may show whether it actually has the only known ocean other than those on Earth . 
We never care about Said or the `` hypocrites '' he hunts . 
Mr. Azoff has n't named the company yet , but any records it produces will be distributed by Warner . 
Psyllium needs sandy soil , dew during the first few weeks , and then total dryness when its seeds are maturing . 
About 20 other deaths were also attributed to the earthquake . 
Lloyd 's vast trading hall houses a warren of well-polished desks . 
The dollar dropped . 
IBM , which telegraphed the poor results three weeks ago , also cited an increase in its leasing business , which tends to lock in business long-term but cut revenue in the near term . 
Notes offered at a fixed level of 99.75 . 
Joann S. Lublin in London contributed to this article . 
Still , today 's highest-yielding money funds may beat CDs over the next year even if rates fall , says Guy Witman , an editor of the Bond Market Advisor newsletter in Atlanta . 
The EC Commission decided that such an accord does n't benefit consumers enough to merit an exemption from antitrust law . 
Americans stay longer with Japanese firms than American companies . 
`` We made our own decision , '' he said . 
But racial gerrymandering is not the best way to accomplish that essential goal . 
Having survived both last Friday 's 6.9 % Wall Street plunge and the immediate aftermath of the San Francisco Bay area earthquake , Tokyo market participants expressed relief that trading had returned to normal . 
`` However , given the changes in the market conditions that have occurred since then , we decided to sell only the amount needed to proceed with our contemplated recapitalization , '' he said . 
So far , Mr. Greenspan 's cautious approach to policy has served both him and the nation well . 
Nearly 6.3 million shares , or about 11.5 % of the company 's shares outstanding , changed hands in Big Board composite trading . 
In Moscow , Mr. Gorbachev sent Mr. Krenz a congratulatory telegram that appeared to urge the new leadership to heed growing calls for change . 
The bank was hamstrung in its efforts to face the challenges of a changing market by its links to the government , analysts say . 
Descendants of the Southam family hold an additional 22.6 % stake in the Toronto-based company , Canada 's largest newspaper publisher . 
`` It was extraordinarily satisfying , '' says Dr. Knudson , now at Fox Chase Cancer Research Center in Philadelphia . 
Seven years late in the launching , $ 1 billion over budget and a target of anti-nuclear protestors , Galileo has long been a symbol of trouble for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration . 
Average annual earnings of those who have hung on , though , surged to $ 78,625 last year from $ 69,553 in 1987 . 
Nine-month net fell 9.5 % to $ 323.4 million , or $ 1.36 a share , from $ 357.2 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 140 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
British Satellite today is unveiling a # 30 million advertising and promotional drive for the consortium 's planned five channels of movies , sports , entertainment and news shows . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Microsoft officials said the strong results also reflected continuing high demand for its software applications and operating systems . 
Half of those polled see the currency trending lower over the next three months , while the others forecast a modest rebound after the New Year . 
The issue is noncallable for five years and has a sinking fund starting in 2000 to retire 50 % of the issue before maturity . 
3 . Record the true costs of credit programs in the federal budget . 
The Federal Trade Commission said it authorized its staff to seek a preliminary injunction barring Imo Industries Inc. from acquiring the shares outstanding of the U.S. unit of the British company , United Scientific Holdings PLC , for $ 69 million . 
`` We are looking for representation we have n't had , '' a specialist said . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 170,330,000 shares . 
Bristol-Myers Co. and Squibb Corp. , Princeton , N.J. , merged Oct. 4 , but the new company reported third-period earnings for both companies . 
But analysts reckon underlying support for sterling has been eroded by the chancellor 's failure to announce any new policy measures in his Mansion House speech last Thursday . 
Dayton Hudson said it accepted all odd-lot shares tendered at or below the final $ 62.875 price ; the preliminary proration factor for other shares tendered at or below the final price is 98 % . 
Comair Holdings is the parent of Comair Inc. , a regional air carrier . 
-- Sam Ewing . 
And the ratio of installment debt to disposable personal income -- personal income after taxes -- has hit a high of about 18 1\/2 % . 
-- Grace periods ranging from two to five years before the full scope of the penalties takes effect . 
Will the investments pay off ? 
The transaction is expected to close within about 20 days , the company added . 
Machine tool shipments last month were $ 281.2 million , a 24 % rise from a year earlier and a 25 % increase from August . 
Japan is considering giving aid to Hungary and Poland to support their recent political reforms , a spokesman for the Foreign Ministry said . 
Orkem S.A. , a French state-controlled chemical manufacturer , is making a friendly bid of 470 pence ( $ 7.43 ) a share for the 59.2 % of U.K. specialty chemical group Coates Brothers PLC which it does n't already own , the two sides said . 
Mr. Baker may want to avoid criticism from Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell , but as Secretary of State his audience is the entire Free World , not just Congress . 
Chase Manhattan , which sold 14 million additional shares at 40 1\/8 Monday through an underwriting group led by Goldman Sachs , closed down 1\/8 to 40 . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
As many as 50 of his employees at Specialized Bicycle Components Inc. ride with him . 
Many of the problems you presented exist in every part of this country . 
I 'm surprised he did n't advocate letting people loot , since that behavior can also be foreseen in a disaster and `` every individual has an incentive to alter the distribution of income in his favor . '' 
The Dunes , the Aladdin and the Riviera were all acquired by the present owners from bankruptcy proceedings spawned by the last recession , in the early 1980s . 
The direct-mail industry , not surprisingly , is fuming at the injustice of it all . 
He indicated that some assets might be sold off to service the debt . 
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 821-201 , with 103 unchanged . 
Total operating profit fell 3.1 % to 486.1 billion yen from 501.61 billion yen . 
Sales have tripled during her 21-year tenure to about $ 200 million in 1988 . 
But these players were dead . 
Lloyd 's officials decline to comment on the matter . 
Shearson , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , Morgan Stanley & Co. and Salomon Inc. are discussing formation of a group to sell securities-price data . 
The company cited sales gains at its Milton Bradley and Playskool units and in its international business for the increase in revenue . 
( Indeed , RJR Nabisco is currently under fire for having sent 80-second videotapes touting its Now brand to consumers who smoke American Brands ' Carltons . ) 
Criticism from such big advertisers as Estee Lauder Inc. , Colgate-Palmolive Co. and Seagram Co. put a damper on the euphoria at the American Magazine Conference here . 
Although Dr. Warshaw points out that stress and anxiety have their positive uses , `` stress perceived to be threatening implies a component of fear and anxiety that may contribute to burnout . '' 
You might meet up with him at that bank of telephone booths just off Exit 10 of the New Jersey Turnpike . 
While the discussions between Delmed and National Medical Care have been discontinued , Delmed will continue to supply dialysis products through National Medical after their exclusive agreement ends in March 1990 , Delmed said . 
Reform starts in the Pentagon . 
The last time that traders experienced a trough was during 1985-86 , when Beijing imposed tough measures to curb imports and conserve foreign exchange . 
`` Transition '' is a reference to the company 's five-year restructuring effort . 
That 's a big change from recent years when freight haulage was a bright spot for U.S. productivity , helping to restrain inflation and make U.S. industry more competitive abroad . 
Beyond that , Prospect said it would n't offer to acquire additional shares for less than $ 11.25 a share during the next year or less than $ 14.06 a share during the subsequent two years . 
For example , your pickers ' recommendations for the coming month are , on average , 22.5 % riskier than holding the market portfolio according to Value Line 's Beta estimates . 
The report , which comes 25 years after the U.S. Surgeon General issued a report warning against the dangers of smoking , is the strongest indication to date that the reduction in smoking is leading to lower death rates from lung cancer . 
`` This is an exceptionally odd takeover battle , '' says London analyst Christopher Will of Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
Francisco Aguirre-Sacasa Director , External Affairs The World Bank 
Returns for 1988 from people with six-month filing extensions were due Monday , but the IRS says people in the disaster areas wo n't be penalized for late filing if their returns are marked `` Hugo '' and postmarked by Jan. 16 . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
The solidarity of the uncensored media world-wide against drug terrorism is the only way press freedom can survive . 
Secretary of State Baker , we read , decided to kill a speech that Robert Gates , deputy national security adviser and a career Soviet expert , was going to give to a student colloquium , the National Collegiate Security Conference . 
`` This tells you AT&T is serious about continuing to manage their cost structure and is committed to 20%-a-year earnings growth , '' said Jack Grubman , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
The cost of executing stock orders varies from brokerage to brokerage and with the size of the order , but 2 % of the order 's value is an average , says Stephen Boesel , manager of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income mutual fund . 
He said that in this case he concurred with the State Department 's decision that Mr. Ahmad should be extradited . 
James Barth , an economist with the Office of Thrift Supervision , also attributed some of the outflow to seasonal factors . 
The Control Data deal is a boon for Mips because it gives the the five-year-old company one more ally as it battles more established electronic concerns such as Sun , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Motorola Inc. and Intel Corp. for the emerging market for RISC machines . 
Blue chips , he says , `` are now being referred to as poker chips . '' 
Its problem , they say , is that management paid too much in the leveraged buy-out and the current $ 515 million debt load is keeping Revco in the red . 
The issue was rated single-B-2 by Moody 's and single-B by S&P . 
Moreover , BankAmerica continued to build its reserve against troubled foreign loans by boosting its loan-loss provision to $ 170 million , about the same as the previous quarter but well above the $ 100 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
It also opens a rift in the bank 's shareholders ' syndicate that could lead to a battle for control of the concern . 
CBS Sports President Neal Pilson has conceded only that CBS will have a loss in the first year . 
At IDS Financial Services , the financial planning and mutual fund unit , net rose 19 % to a record $ 47.6 million on a 33 % revenue gain . 
Ortega cited renewed attacks by the U.S.backed rebels . 
Now , there have been a number of questions raised . '' 
An advisory committee of the Food and Drug Administration recommended that the agency approve Eminase , the company 's heart drug . 
Neither state has settled , and officials in the two states wo n't discuss their reasons for not doing so . 
Under the accord , Finnair agreed to coordinate flights , marketing and other functions with SAS , the 50%-state-owned airline of Denmark , Norway and Sweden . 
With other anxious calls pouring in , he recalls , `` I 'd either have to disconnect the New York Stock Exchange or go out to the secretary 's desk . '' 
BRIEFS : 
Yet another opportunity for President Bush to respond , `` Read my lips . 
Sen. Dixon held the hearing to follow up on a provision in the savings and loan bailout bill that required regulators to report on evidence of discimination in mortgage lending . 
Mr. Lawrence says the drain of funds has been offset by an increase in investments by the remaining names . 
This year , the NFL also imposed an 80-player limit on teams going into training camp , down from 120 , in a move meant to trim payroll costs . 
`` And you ca n't cut this chain with bolt cutters . 
Esso , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. , will be allowed to export 5.1 trillion cubic feet to the U.S. in the 20-year period . 
Among the responses the Swiss trader got was one from the Soviet national shipping company , which had n't been invited to submit a bid . 
For the nine months , Golden Nugget reported a net loss of $ 11.4 million , or 69 cents a share , based on 16.6 million common and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
The labor-management buy-out group plans to keep its offer on the table in an apparent attempt to maintain its bargaining position with the board . 
Japanese steel companies are apparently focusing on domestic sales , but the official said it does n't necessarily mean that local sales contracts are increasing that markedly . 
The University said the two companies agreed to spend 25 million Canadian dollars ( $ 21.3 million ) over 10 years on research at Canadian universities if they are successful in acquiring the vaccine maker . 
How does a community famous for its high living end up as a haven for low-lifes ? 
Some had predicted earnings of more than $ 4 a share for this year , up from last year 's fully diluted $ 3.27 a share on earnings of $ 680.6 million . 
The results surpassed analysts ' forecasts , which averaged around # 200 million , and Marks & Spencer responded in trading on London 's Stock Exchange with an eight pence rise to 188 pence . 
Crossland recorded an additional $ 20 million in loan loss reserves in the third quarter . 
Allied Capital is a closed-end management investment company that will operate as a business development concern . 
There is no slow-motion close-up , blood-and-guts portrayal of the animal 's demise . 
The offering is backed by Freddie Mac 's 10 % issue with a weighted average term to maturity of 29.583 months . 
`` But we had a fairly active day yesterday . '' 
One Mobil executive said that the $ 40 million charge related to the action indicates `` a substantial '' number of people will be involved . 
Taken together , the auto-sales and durable-goods reports confirmed perceptions that the economy is bogging down . 
Glasnost may be partly responsible , but Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze last year admitted , `` The exaggerated ideological approach undermined tolerance intrinsic to UNESCO . '' 
Recently it upgraded its plants so that it could make stain-resistant products with higher quality dyes . 
Some fruit visionaries say the Fuji could someday tumble the Red Delicious from the top of America 's apple heap . 
Employees wore identification badges listing not only their names but also their dates of hire . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.34 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.46 percentage points . 
The jump in imports stemmed from across-the-board increases in purchases of foreign goods . 
Opinion is mixed over its three-month prospects . 
The Los Angeles media concern said that the year-ago period included a $ 26.5 million gain from the sale of assets , primarily timberlands . 
General Motors Corp. is planning to build a new engine plant in Europe that may be built in Britain , provided the company can reach a satisfactory agreement with unions , sources said . 
On this morning , he does n't sell much in Radzymin , either . 
At the end of the third quarter , Bank of New York 's credit-card business consisted of 2.4 million accounts with $ 3.6 billion in loans outstanding . 
The spokesman said he also understood that the inquiry related to the existence of an `` off-the-record '' production book . 
The debentures will be available in book-entry form only in a minimum amount of $ 5,000 and additional increments of $ 5,000 . 
Who was doing all the selling ? 
`` He did it very well , '' recalls Boris Martinez , a former Panamanian colonel who managed Mr. Noriega and his operation . 
But a crucial point is how Ford reacts when GM , the world 's largest auto maker , firms up its proposed deal with Jaguar . 
The study provided criteria for singling out returns of `` potentially noncompliant '' taxpayers who report low income and large expenses from a part-time business . 
Sales rose to $ 406 million from $ 356 million the year earlier . 
The flying telephone : `` You tangle the base cord around a chair leg , and the receiver does seem to fly off . '' 
The U.S. attorney 's office , in documents it filed in response , said Mrs. Marcos was making the `` fanciful -- and factually unsupported -- claim that she was kidnapped into this country '' in order to obtain classified material in the case . 
Mr. Roman will be succeeded as the head of Ogilvy 's flagship ad agency , Ogilvy & Mather Worldwide , by Graham Phillips , 50 , who had been president of North American operations and who , like Mr. Sorrell , is British . 
Military buyers have shown interest , National says , because ferroelectric chips resist atomic radiation . 
My relationships with the British are totally different . 
Millicom Inc. said it is one of two companies to receive a license to introduce and operate a cellular mobile telephone system in Pakistan . 
Mr. Whitten 's package appears to accomplish this purpose , but the state faces more resistance in its bid for an extended waiver on having to put up any matching funds on repairs completed in the next six months . 
Mr. Moon 's support for a Watergate-beleaguered Richard Nixon , the Koreagate scandal , and his prison sentence for income-tax evasion did not help the church 's recruitment efforts . 
Wheat futures prices rose slightly . 
Analog also said that a one million share buy-back program announced in March is substantially complete . 
In September , it announced plans to acquire the tropical-fruit business of RJR Nabisco Inc. 's Del Monte foods unit for # 557 million ( $ 878 million ) . 
Conservatives now hold only a 5-4 edge . 
Ford Asia-Pacific will coordinate the activities of Ford subsidiaries in Japan , Australia , Taiwan and New Zealand and work with Ford business associates throughout the region . 
Our phones are quiet around here , '' said Don R. Hays , director of investment strategy at Wheat First Butcher & Singer Inc. , Richmond , Va . 
A minute later it soared 128 points , then zoomed back down 113 points , 69 below Friday 's close . 
`` This is only a further step in a lengthy investigation . '' 
Petroleos will supply 135,000 barrels of oil a day for the refinery , Unocal said . 
People in the automotive business disagree over how susceptible younger Americans are to brand switching . 
When the mining in front of the wall is complete , it is moved northward . 
CMS Enhancements Inc. said it estimates that sales and earnings for the fiscal first quarter ended Sept. 30 fell somewhat from the year-earlier period . 
Mr. Ovalle also said Conasupo will cut back subsidies to producers of nonessential farm products and close retail outlets in wealthy neighborhoods . 
Football has long been Mr. Jones 's passion , both on and off the field . 
Every day , Mr. Levy checks orders from Campeau department store chains , trying to guess if he will be paid . 
Gerald Ford , a fairly down-to-earth fellow , once sent a letter to the chairman of the Armed Services Committee recommending that `` there be a committee investigation of the UFO phenomenon . 
It was considered the stiffest sentence passed since the start of the 22-month-old Arab uprising in the Israeli-occupied territories . 
An individual familiar with the negotiations said that whatever investments the limited partners do not recoup from the $ 330 million in partnership assets , they will receive from the $ 350 million restitution fund available as a result of Drexel 's settlement with the government in December 1988 . 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. signed a contract with Bob Vila , the former host of the popular public television program `` This Old House , '' to star in a half-hour home improvement show sponsored by the giant retailer . 
I 'm going to ship and hope I get paid . 
But Mr. Corr 's tenure was shorter than most . 
`` It 's called bad money driving out good money , '' said one retailing observer . 
Mr. Ehrlich predicted unprecedented famine by 1980 . 
`` It 's too soon to tell ... but people do n't seem to be unhappy with it , '' he said . 
News of Mr. Eward 's retirement comes one day after Morgan said that Christopher Whittington resigned as chairman of Morgan 's banking subsidiary to join a financial services firm . 
Norwood is controlled by Daniel L. Barnett and Paul A. Reese , both officers of Boston-based Oasis Capital Management Inc. , a small Boston money management firm . 
Stock-index arbitrage is the most controversial form of program trading because it accelerates market moves , if not actually causing them . 
Volume was estimated at 800 million shares , compared with 678 million Tuesday . 
The stock fell 7\/8 Thursday amid concerns over problems discovered with the chip . 
Other Western Union securities were also lower . 
But Mr. Ortega 's threat over the weekend to end a 19-month cease-fire with the rebels seeking to topple him , effectively elevated the Contras as a policy priority just as they were slipping from the agendas of their most ardent supporters . 
It also would leave Eastern a bigger carrier than the scaled-down one proposed under the initial plan . 
In the final trading , the House was insistent on setting aside $ 500 million to carry out base closings ordered to begin in fiscal 1990 . 
It is projected to keep growing by a million barrels a day , or up to 2 % annually , for years to come . 
If this version , with its references to Steven Spielberg , Spago and `` thirtysomething '' attracts younger audiences who might stay away from the classical version , then Messrs. Bartlett and Falls are justified in abandoning Mr. Wilbur . 
The 8 ft. hedges which obstruct views in and out of small ` rooms ' insure ... that this garden will be a potential breeding ground for crime . '' 
If the pound falls closer to 2.80 marks , the Bank of England may raise Britain 's base lending rate by one percentage point to 16 % , says Mr. Rendell . 
It has been three years since Mr. Boesky , now in prison , agreed to pay a $ 100 million fine to settle the government 's charges that he had traded illegally using insider information . 
As Conservatives rally around Mrs. Thatcher during the crisis , many harbor hopes last week 's debacle will prompt change . 
Lockheed reported a $ 32 million third-quarter net loss , largely because of cost overruns on fixed-price military contracts . 
In secondary trading , investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/8 to 1\/4 higher . 
`` We cleared out a lot of rats ' nests , '' says the 60-year-old security veteran . 
It 's also unclear precisely how the state will rebuild its reserve , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of California 's department of finance , although she noted that a bond offering for that purpose is n't anticipated . 
CLOROX Co. , Oakland , consumer products , annual sales of $ 1.36 billion , NYSE , was closed yesterday but plans to reopen today or tomorrow . 
The Atlanta-based airline , the third largest in the U.S. , attributed the increase to higher passenger traffic , new international routes and reduced service by rival Eastern Airlines , which is in bankruptcy proceedings in the wake of a strike that began last spring . 
The last time all three companies reported North American automotive losses was in the recession year of 1982 . 
THE STOCK of Applied Power Inc. , which split 2-for-1 in May , has risen since August 1988 . 
`` It 's really part of the hospital of the 21st century , '' Dr. Grieco says . 
Japanese banks are under `` political pressure '' as well , the analyst said . 
The commercial , created by Bateman , Bryan & Galles Inc. , of Dallas , adds derisively : `` I bet it takes a real tough truck to haul your Ivy League buddies to the yacht club . '' 
Total Merkur sales for the first nine months dropped 46 % from a year ago to just 6,320 cars . 
Along the way there also are lots of romantic dalliances . 
An analyst cited weaker capital spending and exports . 
While premium-brand spirits like Smirnoff vodka and Jack Daniel 's whiskey are riding high in the U.S. , domestic spirits consumption fell 15 % to 141.1 million cases in 1988 from 166 million cases in 1979 . 
GM Class E , which represents a dividend interest in EDS profit , fell 75 cents to $ 52.25 on the Big Board . 
But some cosmetics-industry executives wonder whether techniques honed in packaged goods will translate to the cosmetics business . 
All kinds of landmark Texas real estate has been snapped up by out-of-staters . 
But in a TV interview Sunday Mr. Bond said , `` We 've taken a big loss . 
It showed the DJIA up 30 points . 
The plan was complete except for finishing touches , and there was talk that it would be unveiled as early as yesterday . 
Individual investors face high transaction costs of moving in and out of the market . 
`` We do know there are slight differences in the way human and animal insulins drive down blood sugar , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
In his first year of operating the store he bought for $ 220,000 , Mr. Ortiz was robbed at least twice at gunpoint . 
He accused Dow Jones of `` using unfair means to obtain the stock at an unfair price . '' 
Because of the vagaries of Gramm-Rudman , the immediate impact is relatively small . 
In part , the trust cited the need to retain cash for possible acquisitions . 
`` Perhaps if my personal matters can be resolved with Laurel bank in the near future , I may be inclined to reconsider your request ... . '' 
On Tuesday , the subject came up again when Marlin Fitzwater explained the constitutional argument based on the provisions above to the White House press corps . 
Meanwhile , competition from rivals unencumbered by history is intensifying . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The bond market was unmoved by the economic statistics . 
The former $ 3 million-a-year lobbyist now frequents shelters for the homeless and devotes a third of his time counseling other recovering alcoholics . 
`` When you leave the room after your massage , people say you look like you 're glowing . '' 
Mr. Taylor 's victory was an embarrassment for both state and national Republicans . 
Just last week it suffered another major setback when British Airways PLC , the largest equity investor in the labor-management bid , withdrew its support . 
And in a footnote to the fall of House Speaker James Wright this year , the conference voted to rescind $ 11.8 million in unspent EDA funds for a Fort Worth , Texas , stockyards project that figured in ethics charges against the former Democratic leader . 
Another major factor in this positive trend was Ronald Reagan 's decision early in his presidency to fight the budget war on the expenditure side rather than raising taxes . 
But freshness counts more than it once did , and stores are expanding shelf space for unconventional , but tastier , and often pricier , apples . 
The Short Term Bond Fund , with an average maturity of 2 1\/2 years , would deliver a total return for one year of about 10.6 % if rates drop one percentage point and a one-year return of about 6.6 % if rates rise by the same amount . 
McCaw , the largest provider of cellular telephone service in the U.S. , already owns about 9.4 % of LIN 's stock . 
`` It 's harder to sell stocks when the sell programs come in because some market makers do n't want to { take the orders } . 
While they can target some of the most obvious miscreants , enforcers concede that they are only scratching the surface . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors have begun exploring alternative approaches to a Chapter 11 reorganization because they are unhappy with the carrier 's latest proposal . 
Stunned , Mr. Breeden turned to his market-monitoring computer , which by then was next to his desk . 
Intel Corp. , Advanced Micro Devices Inc. and National Semiconductor Corp. were all up and running yesterday , though many workers were forced to stay home because of damaged roadways ; others elected to take the day off . 
In late September , IBM began shipping a plug-in card that converts its PS\/2 model 70-A21 from a 80386 machine to an 80486 machine . 
At the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in California , new experiments indicated that the lithium added to the heavy water so it will conduct a current can produce previously unsuspected electrical effects on the surface of the palladium rod -- which Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons might have misinterpreted , reported Philip Ross from the California laboratory . 
By contrast , KKR probably has already made all the money it can on SCI TV . 
The blast , which wrecked the opposition labor group 's offices , was the latest in a series of attacks in El Salvador 's 10-year-old civil war . 
The March 24 oil spill soiled hundreds of miles of shoreline along Alaska 's southern coast and wreaked havoc with wildlife and the fishing industry . 
Gold mining stocks traded on the American Stock Exchange also showed strength . 
Just Wait Until You 're a Bit Older 
Analysts say that the selling of cyclical stocks yesterday will be followed by a sell-off in shares of companies with big debt loads on their balance sheets . 
THE EARTHQUAKE in San Francisco has sent few tremors through the hearts of real estate investors . 
GenProbe had a net loss of $ 9.5 million on revenue of $ 5.8 million . 
When Congress finally passed the Metric Conversion Act in 1975 , industry was far ahead . 
Mr. Corry learned presence under fire when , as vice president of corporate planning , he handled what Mr. Johnston calls `` don't-con-me '' negotiations that led to USX 's shedding of a wide array of assets ranging from chemicals to construction . 
Slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles are forcing Chrysler Corp. to temporarily idle its Toledo , Ohio , assembly plant for the first time since April 1986 . 
Jeff Rowe contributed to this article . 
As for joint ventures , Mr. Houghton said profit was `` essentially flat '' due primarily to a slow recovery at Samsung-Corning Co. in Korea following a strike at a major customer and the disruption of shipments to China . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. , Lowell , Mass. , beset by declining demand for its computers , reported a $ 62.1 million , 38-cents-a-share loss in its first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
`` Chivas has an image of something you would savor , rather than guzzle . '' 
David B. Hilder in New York contributed to this article . 
However , dozens of bakers , restaurant chefs and other food preparers who flocked to Mr. Maynard 's defense say that products ranging from egg bread to eclairs lose some zip when the eggs come in 30-pound cans instead of shells . 
The Red Cross does n't track contributions raised by the disaster ads , but it has amassed $ 46.6 million since it first launched its hurricane relief effort Sept. 23 . 
If Mr. Wilbur 's translation is a finely ground lens through which we see the pettiness and corruption of 17th-century Paris , Mr. Falls 's production is a mirror in which we see ourselves . 
`` It is a cheap-shot suit -- procedurally defective and thoroughly fallacious -- which was hurriedly filed by a contingency-fee lawyer as a result of newspaper reports , '' said a GE spokeswoman . 
The investment community , however , strongly believes that the strike will be settled before there is any lasting effect on either Boeing or its work force . 
The current ruble rate has long been out of line with the black market . 
Echoing a phrase from Mr. de Klerk , Mr. Sisulu said , `` Let all of us who love this country engage in the task of building a new South Africa . 
Many investors are unaware their funds have borrowed to speculate in such a risky market . 
`` He asked me not to resign . 
Per-share net rose to 20.48 yen from 19.51 yen . 
$ 200 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes , Series 1990 , due Sept. 28 , 1990 . 
Computers have made trading more rapid , but that can be fixed with some fine-tuning . 
Existing suspension systems try to absorb bounces , but active suspension provides power to counter the jolts . 
Banco Popular , meanwhile , dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 . 
The administration lacks a comprehensive health-care policy . 
The centerpiece of that complex , the Landmark Tower , will be Japan 's tallest building when it is completed in 1993 . 
The offer came just prior to arguments before the U.S. Supreme Court over whether the Free Press should be allowed to enter into a joint operating pact with Gannett Co. 's Detroit News . 
The researchers say many Japanese companies err in the U.S. by adopting the American practice of hiring managers on the `` open market . '' 
The computers will display stock prices selected by users . 
He said he `` did n't argue with '' the company 's decision to seek his resignation because contemplating outside business ventures can distract an executive from performing his best `` at the job he is paid to do . '' 
One such company is Bankers Trust Co . 
But amid the two dozen bureaucrats and secretaries sits only one real-life PC . 
But the Gutfreund workers went ahead anyway , only to be captured `` in flagrante '' by Joan Postel , who called the police . 
The people of the Delta are waiting for that big factory to open , river traffic to increase , government spending to fund job-training programs or public schools to educate apathetic students . 
Kent Walker , 45 , a former partner at the Philadelphia law firm of Mesirov , Gelman , Jaffe , Cramer & Jamieson , will specialize in antitrust , real estate and mergers and acquisitions . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
`` The computers find all the key words they can , but the editors confirm every one . 
Taipei was closed for a holiday . 
The West German embassies in Prague , Budapest and Warsaw are continuing to find refugees at their gates . 
Does the candidate favor parental consent for teen-age abortions ? 
Program trading on the New York Stock Exchange in September rose to its highest recorded level as a percentage of total monthly trading volume . 
NORC 's most recent opinion surveys find the youngest adults indeed somewhat more pro-Reagan and pro-Republican than other adults . 
The latest quarter included a gain of about $ 62 million on the sale of the company 's urethane polyols and propylene glycols businesses . 
The broker winning the business does n't charge commissions , but instead profits by buying or selling for less than the overall package price . 
It `` really looks beautiful and is very light , '' says Ann Hornaday , a free-lance writer who has visited the office for lunch meetings . 
The latest purchase follows small increases in his holdings made over the past five months . 
`` I think employers are really going to be the ones to push for major change , '' says Sharon Canner , a health expert at NAM . 
A pitched battle could mean Jaguar would fetch # 10 ( $ 16.02 ) a share , or about # 1.8 billion ( $ 2.88 billion ) , several analysts believe . 
Wells Rich declined to comment on the status of the account , as did the other agencies . 
Tokyo stocks , which rebounded strongly Tuesday , extended their gains yesterday , but most other Asian and Pacific markets closed sharply lower . 
Polyvinyl chloride capacity `` has overtaken demand and we are experiencing reduced profit margins as a result , '' said John D. Ong , chairman and chief executive . 
If the situation changes , I 'll get stuck with them . '' 
He predicted Ford officials will meet with Jaguar executives in the next week to outline their proposed offer . 
St. Johns River Water Management District , Fla. -- $ 50,005,000 of land acquisition revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1990-2000 , 2003 , 2006 and 2009 , tentatively priced by a Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to about 7.03 % in 2003 . 
When supplies are short , it often hands them over only in exchange for milk or grain . 
The British balance-of-payments statistics show that after the top tax rate was cut to 40 % , the flow abroad of British capital slowed , to 50 billion pounds ( $ 79 billion at the current rate ) in 1988 from 93 billion pounds in 1986 . 
That illustrates the kind of disappointment many Indians feel toward Mr. Gandhi , whom they zestfully elected and enthusiastically supported in his first two years in power . 
`` I do n't want expensive machines . 
Litigation consulting is n't a guarantee of a favorable outcome . 
What is wrong with expecting the Japanese to conform to American norms when they locate here ? 
For now , however , the naysayers ' voices are drowned by the roar of cement mixers and the clanging of construction cranes along the Strip . 
Dun & Bradstreet noted that price competition in its Nielsen Marketing Research , Nielsen Clearing House and Donnelley Marketing businesses also restrained revenue growth . 
Several outfits -- including the Financial Programs , Franklin , and T. Rowe Price mutual-fund groups and the Edward D. Jones brokerage house -- are advertising `` college planner '' tables and charts that tell you how much you need to put aside regularly . 
Richard de J. Osborne , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said the company 's `` decisions to get out of asbestos and high-sulfur coal continue the process of simplifying and focusing the company in areas with a better future . '' 
He paid $ 2.2 million , for instance , for a still life by Jan Jansz. den Uyl that was expected to fetch perhaps $ 700,000 . 
`` But our polls show voters do n't like the attack stuff . 
For example , Nissan 's U.S. operations include 10 separate subsidiaries -- for manufacturing , sales , design , research , etc. -- that report separately back to Japan . 
Capcom Futures is a Chicago subsidiary of Capcom Financial Services Ltd. , a London financial firm that was implicated last year in a scheme to launder drug money . 
But the compounded effects of `` seniors only '' taxes result in truly catastrophic marginal tax rates . 
Friday 's market rout came smack in the middle of the heaviest month for CD rollovers , when a number of banks and thrifts already have promotions under way . 
Both European airlines operate extensive fleets of Boeing 747 freighters and 747 Combis , aircraft that carry both freight and passengers on the main deck . 
The move , which was expected , marks the first time since Prohibition that Coors has sold a non-alcoholic beverage , and marks the company 's entry into a crowded , but fast-growing market that generated about $ 2.2 billion in sales last year . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set Aug. 31 , 1987 . 
The main reason was a delay in shipment of new high-end disk drives , a business that accounts for some 10 % of IBM 's $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
Inland a few miles from the refuge there is a place called Tivoli , with a white church , a gas station and a grocery , the houses relatively close together for such a settlement in these parts . 
The purchase price is equal to about 1.65 times Deseret 's roughly $ 10.7 million book value , or assets less liabilities . 
Apple Computer gained 1 to 48 1\/4 ; Ashton-Tate rose 3\/8 to 10 3\/8 . 
At a stroke , this may criminalize all fiduciary breaches ( and possibly all misrepresentations by an agent or employee ) . 
`` I 'm using it a lot , '' she says . 
Cases in Los Angeles County involving dependent children are usually heard in the Criminal Courts Building . 
Since his arrival in May , Mr. Eidsmo has put in place techniques learned while working for Citicorp , such as management-by-objective , detailed project plans and forecasts of company sales and product trends . 
More dual-career couples also are getting help , with men increasingly bringing their working wives for joint counseling . 
Columbia Gas System Inc. , shelf offering of up to $ 200 million of debentures . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading , stock in Georgia Gulf , which has been mentioned as a takeover candidate , rose $ 2.125 a share to close at $ 46.125 . 
Mr. Cunin , 65 years old , was chief executive of the distributor of bearings and power-transmission products from 1982 to 1988 . 
Now some negotiated sales that meet a series of tests do n't have to be pre-registered . 
Elizabeth Holtzman , district attorney for Brooklyn , N.Y. , said , `` The appellate division has agreed with our view that despite federal worker-safety laws , state prosecutors have the power to protect working people . '' 
Britain 's industrial production rose 1.5 % in August from July and was up 0.9 % from August 1988 , according to provisional data from the Central Statistical Office . 
She issued a separate statement , separating herself from a Commonwealth document reasserting the political value of imposing sanctions against South Africa . 
The average three-month issue rose to 8.05 % from 7.77 % . 
Analysts noted that the disappointing results do n't reflect lower prices for steel products . 
In years past , the ad industry 's most distinguished executives did n't hesitate to excorciate Mr. Achenbaum . 
White House officials acknowledged yesterday that Democrats still are reluctant to publicly express support for the Packwood-Roth capital gains proposal because they are loath to buck Sen. Mitchell . 
FEMA still has special disaster centers open to handle the aftermath of Hugo , and spokesman Russell Clanahan acknowledged that `` we 're pretty thin . '' 
So far , though , Mr. Lesko has received only one entry . 
Those expanded powers reached their zenith in July when Bankers Trust New York Corp. provided mergers advice , an equity investment and bank loans for the $ 3.65 billion leveraged buy-out of Northwest Airlines parent NWA Inc . 
Data Systems has five retail stores in the northeast , but specializes in selling personal computers made by International Business Machines Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. to banks , brokerage firms and other big businesses based in the New York metropolitan area . 
`` It would in the near-term give a boost to the San Francisco economy because there will be an influx of people to help , '' says Beth Burnham Mace , a regional economist at DRI\/McGraw Hill , a Lexington , Mass. , forecasting firm . 
GM might counterbid . 
Ronald Kirk , president , says Lloyd 's has suffered because its structure does n't allow underwriters to deal directly with clients ; brokers are required intermediaries . 
This is one of the first bids under new takeover rules aimed at encouraging open bids instead of gradual accumulation of large stakes . 
If the caller stays on the line and leaves a name and address for the sponsor , coupons and a newsletter will be mailed , and the sponsor will be able to gather a list of desirable potential customers . 
Kennametal Inc. said it intends to acquire J&L America Inc. for $ 44 million plus a consideration of as much as an additional $ 12 million , payable over five years . 
Elsewhere , prices closed higher in Amsterdam , lower in Zurich , Stockholm and Milan , mixed in Brussels and unchanged in Paris . 
`` We have the structure , people and plan , '' Mr. Isler said in a statement . 
The internal transaction within the Rey empire puzzled Harpener 's small shareholders , but analysts say it makes sense for Inspectorate-Adia to focus on its main businesses of product inspection and temporary help . 
Although the majority of junk bonds outstanding show no signs of default , the market has downgraded many junk issues as if they were in trouble , says Stuart Reese , manager of Aetna Life & Casualty Insurance Co. 's $ 17 billion investment-grade public bond portfolio . 
Major steel producers are selling cold rolled sheet steel at about $ 370 a ton , compared with a peak price of $ 520 a ton in 1988 . 
Then they identified snags in the process . '' 
According to this theory , Warner executives , hoping to strengthen their relationships with the producers , encouraged Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters in their ambitions to build a major entertainment company . 
Following that announcement Tuesday , however , company officials were unavailable to elaborate . 
During Winter Carnival week , for example , visitors at Sunday River in Maine can take a hot-air balloon ride . 
The banks said an application for a concession to merge into one entity to be called Den Norske Bank AS was sent Monday to the Finance Ministry . 
Orders for military goods usually catapult in September , government officials say , as the Pentagon scrambles to spend its money before the new fiscal year begins Oct. 1 . 
Under current rules , investors in Taiwan can buy overseas stocks only through the purchase of mutual funds issued by local and foreign investment trusts . 
These federal-court suits accuse the officers of failing to disclose that Easy Eggs were unlikely to sell briskly enough to justify all of Michael 's production capacity . 
The board will be made up of seven directors of each holding company . 
Mr. Phillips also hopes to finally implement a reorganization announced earlier this year but put on hold by the WPP takeover . 
STOCK PRICES SWUNG wildly as the market reacted to an initial plunge by UAL shares , followed by a sharp rebound in the afternoon . 
But demands on the company 's creativity are certain to grow . 
Local pollution problems require cheap energy and capital for their solution . 
`` Sit tight '' through the coming volatility , Mr. Reitman suggests , though he concedes that many small investors will find Jaguar 's zigzags `` too hard to swallow . '' 
But by the third quarter of 1988 , Scorpios had a high satisfaction rating in internal Ford studies , a spokesman said . 
As Yogi Berra might say , it 's deja vu all over again . 
He notes that some `` revolving credit-card credit is actually convenience credit '' being used simply as a handy way of paying bills rather than a handy way of borrowing . 
Minpeco attorney Thomas Gorman decribed the plan as one step toward an overall settlement of the W. Herbert Hunt case but Hugh Ray , attorney for Manufacturers Hanover , called it `` silly '' and said he would fight it in court . 
The extension of federal regulatory authority over telephone utilities in the Atlantic provinces has n't required special legislation because they are investor-owned . 
The statement emphasized that holders representing 75 % of the shares voting at a special shareholders ' meeting must agree to lift the takeover restrictions . 
PPG Industries Inc. , hurt by softness in the U.S. automotive and construction industries , said third-quarter net income fell 5.5 % to $ 106.7 million , or 97 cents a share , from $ 112.9 million , or $ 1.03 a share , a year ago . 
Combined PC and work-station use in Japan will jump as much as 25 % annually over the next five years , according to some analysts , compared with about 10 % in the U.S. . 
The industry used 82.2 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.8 % the previous week and 84 % a year ago . 
`` If prices in the States go down , industrial buyers in Europe have the opportunity of getting reasonable prices in the U.S. , '' says Francois von Hurter , chief of Continential M&A at Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
But if East Germany 's arthritic Politburo does loosen up enough to permit Mr. Krenz to make serious efforts at reform , he will face a challenge just as fundamental . 
Castle Harlan Inc. , a New York merchant bank , and Quantum Fund said they would acquire the assets for a combination of cash and the assumption of certain of Sharon 's liabilities . 
And while signs of an economic slowdown , softer corporate earnings and troubles with takeover financing all have contributed to the stock market 's recent weakness , many investors rushed to blame program trading for aggravating market swings . 
Gonzalez , who pledged to help monitor voting in Nicaragua , was said to be carrying proposals for free elections in Panama . 
An estimated $ 38.9 million was set aside for military installations in the home state of North Carolina Rep. W.G. Hefner , the House chairman . 
What they wo n't tell you is not to go aloft in anything you do n't want to get wet . 
Delayed financings also would affect the operations of many companies . 
Their problem is one of inefficiency of an industrial economy . 
His hand on the monetary tiller seems one reason why the economy next month seems highly likely to begin an unprecedented eighth year of peacetime growth without a recession . 
Also , Mr. Savaiko noted , stock market investors seeking greater safety are veering toward buying bonds rather than precious metals because `` we are tending more toward a disinflationary economy that does n't make gold and precious metals attractive . '' 
Commission revenue was $ 522 million , up 49 % . 
At the market price , the transaction has a total indicated value of $ 7.4 million . 
`` For them , it makes all kinds of sense . 
Hong Kong financial institutions have been waiting for interest-rate futures for a long time . 
Predictably , guarantees outstanding have risen by $ 130 billion since 1985 , while direct loans outstanding have fallen by $ 30 billion . 
`` Lloyd 's has lost control of the situation , '' he says . 
`` What really matters is the operating income of the divisions : I look at these numbers and I say , these businesses are doing well , '' said Mark Manson , a vice president of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty is a major California land and building owner whose prime properties include 1,850 undeveloped acres in the San Francisco Bay area , and several office sites . 
But except for the embarrassment , British Air will emerge relatively unscathed from the flopped issue . 
Mr. McKinney , 50 years old , was chairman and chief executive of American Fletcher Corp. , Indianapolis , when that bank holding company merged into Banc One in January 1987 . 
( People in the phone business call this technology `` 900 click . '' ) 
WATKINS-JOHNSON CO. , defense-oriented electronics manufacturer , annual sales $ 292 million , NYSE , minor damage to headquarters and plant in Palo Alto , no damage to San Jose plant , `` still assessing '' damage at Scotts Valley plant , where main product is furnaces for semiconductor production . 
And , with no other offers on the table , the board apparently felt no pressure to act on it . 
It could take six to nine months to handle the earthquake-related claims . 
But they are already objecting to , among other things , a plan to give more weight to cost-benefit considerations in evaluating pesticides . 
Maxicare Health Plans Inc. , operating under Chapter 11 bankrupty-law protection , outlined terms of its reorganization plan that calls for creditors and shareholders to receive at least $ 78.8 million in cash and $ 67 million face amount of 10-year , 13.5 % notes . 
Pierre-Karl Peladeau , the founder 's son and the executive in charge of the acquisition , says Quebecor has n't decided how it will finance its share of the purchase , but he says it most likely will use debt . 
`` All we could do was tell a patient , ` squeeze my fingers as hard as you can ' or ` raise your arm . ' 
For the nine months , Arco reported net income of $ 1.6 billion , or $ 8.87 a share , up 33 % from $ 1.2 billion , or $ 6.56 a share a year earlier . 
`` But the reward is that there 's less need to make tradeoffs '' in choosing one 's wheels . 
Yesterday 's vote on Japanese-American reparations ensures final enactment of the entitlement provision , which abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts but is seen as a more realistic path to expediting compensation first authorized in 1988 . 
Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) of the House Appropriations Committee proposed a $ 2.85 billion emergency funding package to assist California 's recovery from last week 's earthquake and extend further aid to East Coast victims of Hurricane Hugo . 
Interpublic Group of Cos. said third-quarter net rose 15 % to $ 6.9 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Gains in advertising revenue , however , resulted in operating profit of $ 78.4 million -- up 20 % from $ 65.6 million . 
Analysts are estimating third-quarter earnings will drop between 13 % and 20 % to about 50 to 55 cents per share , compared with 63 cents per share in the year-ago quarter . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , AEP shares closed at $ 21.25 , down 50 cents . 
Karstadt did n't give any group sales or profit figures for the first nine months . 
In a soon-to-be published book on the territory , a political economist , Miron Mushkat , has derived three future scenarios from interviews with 41 Hong Kong government officials and businessmen . 
Too bad theory fails in practice . 
Ever since the bad days of Big is Bad antitrust enforcement , this law has required that anyone proposing a merger must make a filing describing the effects on all relevant markets . 
`` There 's no more growth in the tax business { except } for increasing prices , '' the money manager added . 
Anheuser-Busch plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a price war as the beer industry 's growth slows . 
By yesterday 's close of trading , it was good for a paltry $ 43.5 million . 
On the corporate front , Ford Motor announced that it raised its stake in U.K. luxury car maker Jaguar to 10.4 % from 5 % . 
Firms Walk Fine Line In Distributing Profits 
The new products allow customers to add Convex machines to established systems made by other manufacturers , which `` opens up a phenomenal market for us , '' said Robert J. Paluck , Convex 's chairman , president and chief executive . 
Some 46 % give foreign cars higher quality ratings , down from 50 % two years ago . 
Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , the parent of the auction house Sotheby 's , said its net loss for the seasonally slow third quarter narrowed from a year earlier on a leap in operating revenue . 
The Poles have had it all along . 
ANACOMP INC. , Indianapolis , NYSE , said its Xidex Corp. unit , a Sunnyvale maker of computer disks and microfilm with annual sales of $ 637 million , had only minor damage and is fully operational . 
Investors pulled back from bond funds in September , too . 
The department distributed the revisions and clarifications to U.S. attorneys around the country this summer as part of a routine process of updating prosecutorial guidelines , Mr. Runkel said . 
Prices of European government bonds also rose as U.S. stocks declined . 
`` But we hope to keep a balance between the office and the family . '' 
And many have been successful , as in the case of the index fund operated by hyper-trader Westridge Capital . 
Now his ghost wo n't let up till it 's done . 
Mr. Roderick did so by having USX redeem a series of guaranteed notes , a move that , in effect , raised the cost of a $ 7.19 billion Icahn bid by about $ 3 billion . 
Worse , it remained to a well-meaning but naive president of the United States to administer the final infamy upon those who fought and died in Vietnam . 
So far no one has suggested putting the comptroller back on the board . 
As a result , Mr. Mengistu has been forced to transfer thousands of troops from Eritrea just to hold the town , thereby risking the loss of even more territory in Eritrea only to keep the Tigreans at bay . 
In announcing the results , USAir cited many of the same problems that several other industry officials have named recently . 
The New York study found that the cost of security measures in firms with fewer than five employees was almost $ 1,000 per worker , compared with one-third that amount for firms with more than 10 employees . 
And as the applause dies down in showrooms along Seventh Avenue and Broadway , stylishly clad Campeau buyers will begin writing orders . 
The object is to capture profits from fleeting price discrepancies between the futures and options and the stocks themselves . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
And plans to raise another $ 20 million through changes to an insurance policy have hit a snag , the source said . 
The trust also owns half of Manville 's 48 million common shares outstanding . 
Three big drug makers posted robust third-quarter earnings . 
But it says that rapid rate increases are directly tied to the soaring cost of health care . 
Some analysts add that third-party pressures to reduce health costs will continue to bedevil companies ' bottom lines . 
Kidder officials stand by their aggressive use of program trading . 
A lot of observers think so , and , if they 're right , the whole economy as well as the spendthrifts among us could be hurt . 
The study , conducted by a task force of the Brookings Institution , suggests that Congress should require the courts to develop the plans . 
Operating-profit margins slipped almost 18 % , to 4.3 % of sales , the analyst noted . 
`` Everything is up for grabs , '' says Theodore Groom , a lobbyist for mutual life-insurance companies . 
Mayor Agnos 's $ 2 billion estimate does n't include damage to freeway arteries leading into the city , some of which remained closed . 
Indeed , the stakes are high . 
Several of the city 's black leaders , including Democratic mayoral nominee David Dinkins , have spoken out for racial gerrymandering to accord blacks and Hispanics `` the fullest opportunity for representation . '' 
It was n't clear , however , whether the actions were related to a battle between the corporate raider and New York attorney Martin Ackerman for control of Datapoint Corp. , a San Antonio , Texas-based data-processing systems maker . 
Overall , the government contends that GE 's disclosure efforts largely were intended to `` curry favor '' with Pentagon officials without detailing the extent of the management lapses and allegedly pervasive billing irregularities uncovered by company investigations . 
Tell us what measure , short of house arrest , will get this Congress under control . 
However , relying on an ardent critic of the Reagan administration and the Contra movement for help in delaying the disarming of the Contras was risky business . 
President Bush has been hearing this kind of opposition first hand during meetings over the past two days with Democratic senators at the White House . 
Although Mr. Hastings had been acquitted by a jury , lawmakers handling the prosecution in Congress had argued that the purpose of impeachment is n't to punish an individual . 
Under the terms of the accord , Ingersoll will pay about $ 255 million for the Register , a daily that Goodson bought for about $ 170 million in 1986 . 
But above all , this is the national headquarters for boiler-room operators , those slick-talking snake-oil salesmen who use the telephone to extract money from the gullible and the greedy and then vanish . 
`` People are naturally suspicious of them , '' says Mr. Mullins of Morgan Stanley . 
Eight companies submitted bids , but Fujitsu won the contract by essentially saying it would do the job for free . 
The battery packs have enough power for only three hours , but that gave emergency crews time to turn on an emergency system that runs primarily on diesel fuel . 
Appalachian Power Co. , a subsidiary of American Electric Power Co. , said it will redeem on Dec. 1 the entire $ 44.2 million of its 12 7\/8 % first mortgage bonds due 2013 . 
`` My fastball is good . 
Now it 's on the fence . 
Following the release of the company 's fourth-quarter earnings , Apple Computer dropped 3\/4 to 48 on volume of more than 2.3 million shares . 
June 1 , 1987 : 
H. Anthony Ittleson was elected a director of this company , which primarily has interests in radio and television stations , increasing the number of seats to five . 
He predicted the problem will be solved `` very soon . '' 
`` The way the world is shaping up , the strategic buyer is going to be the rule and the financial buyer is going to be the exception , '' said one trader . 
Justice has finally recognized its employees ' abuses , thanks largely to the demands for reform by former U.S. attorney in Washington Joseph diGenova , who wants to salvage RICO for real criminals . 
Planar President James Hurd says he has to pay tariffs as high as 15 % to sell his display panels in Japan and South Korea , while panels from those countries enter the U.S. duty-free . 
The IRS said it will waive certain tax penalties for earthquake victims unable to meet return deadlines or make payments because of the quake 's devastation . 
Estimates requested by Sen. Mitchell from the Congressional Joint Taxation Committee show that the richest 100 taxpayers got an average benefit from the capital-gains differential of $ 13 million each in 1985 , the last year for which figures are available . 
First section volume was estimated at 900 million shares , up from 605 million Monday . 
She said the company could pay as much as 25 % more for the ships . 
He urged them to refer their friends , who also lost money . 
Now , even more radical changes seem afoot as the grand old maverick of American apples plays the role of Hiroshi Appleseed . 
The main advantage of a convertible mortgage is that it is not a sale and therefore does not trigger costly transfer taxes and reappraisal . 
The import quotas got only a 2 1\/2-year extension , and USX is laboring under a staggering $ 5.8 billion debt at a time when it must spend money to upgrade steel mills and drill for oil . 
The assets backing the securities come from some of the country 's biggest -- and most secure -- institutions . 
Like so many trends in the entertainment industry , the current spate of rape dramas on television seems to represent a confluence of high-mindedness and self-interest . 
`` We needed contributions from all these departments to generate the proposal , '' says Carl Anton , configuration-data manager for Grumman 's A-6 combat aircraft program . 
I was struck a couple of years ago by the drug-interdiction effort in the Bahamas . 
Charitable groups are trying to reinstate the write-off for contributions made by individuals who do n't itemize their deductions . 
Players ran out on the field way below , and the stands began to reverberate . 
Robert P. Bulseco , 44 years old , was named president and chief administrative officer of this regional commercial bank . 
Your Sept. 29 page-one story on the House-passed capital-gains plan is a good example . 
If earnings do n't live up to analysts ' expectations , he says , that 's enough to dump the stock . 
A spokeswoman said Toronto-based Campeau has received `` expressions of interest '' in Bloomingdale 's , but she declined to comment on whether any actual bids had been made . 
The government said 13.1 % of Americans , or 31.9 million people , were living in poverty in 1988 . 
Cimflex Teknowledge rose 13\/16 , or 39 % , to 2 7\/8 on volume of 494,100 shares . 
Corporate lobbyist Charls Walker is planning a spring conference to discuss what tax changes to make to improve `` competitiveness . '' 
The House version would raise slightly more . 
However , Mr. Gorbachev must ensure that within this `` alliance '' the business sector remains subordinate to the party . 
The lumber , insulation and fireproofing concern said the transaction , which includes a swap of other timber interests , would result in a $ 13.5 million after-tax gain , to be recorded in the fourth quarter . 
The biotechnology concern said Spanish authorities must still clear the price for the treatment , but that it expects to receive such approval by year end . 
`` I threw such a fit , '' says Mr. McDuffie , who had begun violin studies at the age of six . 
Two rumored restructuring candidates in the oil industry moved higher : Chevron , which rose 1 3\/4 to 68 1\/4 on 3.5 million shares , and USX , which gained 1 1\/4 to 34 5\/8 . 
The NFL Players Association , meanwhile , contends that athletes are paid a wage commensurate with their ability to draw fans , and that some owners are in financial trouble because of poor business management , not players ' salaries . 
California officials plan to ask Congress for $ 3 billion or more of federal aid , in the form of grants and low-interest loans . 
Mazda makes the Tracer for Ford . 
Caldwell Butler , a conservative former congressman , was barred from a Legal Services post , after he gave wrong answers on abortion . 
The OAS , which tries to promote peace and economic development within the Americas , is attempting to find a settlement of the current Panama political crisis . 
For the nine months , the latest loss trimmed net income to $ 3.6 million , which after payment of preferred dividends represented a 31-cent loss a common share . 
Other dealers added that the blue-chip stocks in general were hit by profit-taking over concerns that London shares will continue posting declines and the uncertainty over sterling given that Mr. Lawson 's successor , John Major , had only been in the job one day . 
Attorneys for Messrs. Burke and Evans and Ms. Clarke said that although their clients admitted to making some misrepresentations in the sales , they had believed that the works were authorized by Mr. Dali , who died in January . 
Mostly because of the sell-off in technology stocks , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the OTC 's largest non-financial issues dropped 4.58 to 457.52 . 
LSI LOGIC CORP. , Milpitas , maker of customized integrated circuits , annual sales of $ 550 million , NYSE , has halted manufacturing at its three plants in the area while they are inspected for structural damage . 
`` Portrayal of our members as disloyal to each other is totally contrary to the most important values of our organization -- loyalty and trust . '' 
The steady growth of the mortgage securities market in the U.S. has even triggered talk of building up a similar market here . 
The university had sought an injunction blocking Connaught 's board from recommending or supporting an offer for the company by Merieux . 
Fueling the growth , among other things , were higher-than-expected prices for certain building products . 
The report says the availability of such advanced analog recording equipment as cassette recorders does n't seem to increase the quantity of home copying . 
Unable to persuade the manager to change his decision , he went to a `` company court '' for a hearing . 
The senator 's spokesman said yesterday that he pushed for the sale of Lincoln because `` hundreds of Arizona jobs { at Lincoln } were on the line . '' 
We ca n't lose sight of that . 
In practice , the director of central intelligence and chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff also serve as unofficial members . 
`` In terms of coverage , it was a disaster equal to the earthquakes , '' said Eric Premner , president for broadcasting of King Broadcasting Co. , which owns the NBC affiliate in Seattle , Wash . 
Mr. Garber depicts these moral qualities with the broad brush strokes of a satire that occasionally descends to the realm of cliched caricatures . 
`` With a hurricane you know it 's coming . 
Each of the Class C warrants will enable the holders to purchase one share of common stock at $ 5.50 . 
But by that time , many big institutions had switched business to London . 
And those who did n't move some production overseas suffer labor shortages . 
Rodeo applause : broncs cheer . 
In January 1989 , the two men acquired the non-packaging assets of Triangle , including a controlling stake in Avery and , by extension , Uniroyal Chemical . 
One secretary testified that the judge once called her to his office while wearing nothing at all . 
This is football country . 
Her Pa ( Howard Duff ) is the kind of guy who , while saying grace at the supper table , pauses at the word `` sin '' and glares at the daughter he has n't seen for two decades , because he knows in his heart that she enjoyed what happened in the cold-storage room , and has been indulging the same taste ever since in the fleshpots of Chicago . 
Prices had been so unstable that two years ago Mr. Zaves gave up on long-term forecasts . 
The study is to provide reporters , academic experts and others raw data on which to base further inquiries . 
That `` business '' risk is very significant for an investor with only a few stocks , but it virtually disappears in a large and well-diversified portfolio . 
Ford said in July it planned to operate Associates , based in Dallas , as a separate entity in its Ford Financial Services Group . 
The Office of Thrift Supervision banned B.J. Garman , a former director of the failed Vision Banc Savings Association of Kingsville , Texas , from working in any financial institution insured by the government . 
Softly introducing and explaining his pieces , Mr. Glass looks and sounds more like a shaggy poet describing his work than a classical pianist playing a recital . 
Although Mr. Brawer 's appointment as president was long expected , the move on Sept. 25 precipitated the resignation of Alan Lesk as senior vice president of sales and merchandising . 
It is the largest private-sector landowner of the Minato-Mirai 21 project , a multibillion-yen development in the port city of Yokohama , about an hour outside Tokyo . 
According to several ad-agency sources , newcomers to the Texas banking market are spending a combined $ 50 million this year to woo Texans . 
In all , the Los Angeles-based trust plans to sell its interests in 36 hotels , while the corporation will sell its management interests in 32 of those properties . 
Another provision clarifies certain limits on when prosecutors may use tax-fraud charges as a basis for bringing a racketeering case . 
It 's ironic that David Boren should be in the center of this mire . 
For the third quarter , Belo said its revenue increased 11 % , to $ 101.5 million from $ 91.2 million last year . 
Southwestern shares fell 50 cents to $ 55.875 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
It also saves money . 
The youthful audience for Saturday programming is no longer dependent on the networks . 
`` It was an absolutely marvelous line and one I used many times , '' he says . 
The most pressing problem was the suspension of options trading . 
Others pointed out that at least four other disk-drive makers will have competitive one-inch drives early next year and that the industry already operates on very thin margins . 
Although no specific agreements are expected , Mr. Shevardnadze said `` that does n't mean they will be without an agenda . '' 
Senate Republicans , after repeatedly failing to attach death-penalty amendments to unrelated legislation , have finally gotten a full-blown death-penalty bill through committee . 
That is gilding the lily . 
Even though the U.S. also has supported Canadian membership , it has n't been a Washington priority . 
Later , the government reclassified several basic petrochemicals as secondary products . 
Only about five states now offer some form of insurance coverage , but more are expected . 
PepsiCo Inc. 's chairman said he is `` more than comfortable with '' analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to at least 98 cents to $ 1 a share from 91 cents the year earlier . 
The stock jumped 9 1\/2 Friday , when the company announced it was in takeover talks . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association , Huntington Beach , Calif. , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 3.9 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 1.4 million , or 22 cents a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
It is offered by the flagship banks of New York 's Manufacturers Hanover Corp. in the one-year maturity only . 
Meanwhile , NBC Sports recently began `` Scores Plus , '' a year-round , 24-hour 900 line providing a complex array of scores , analysis and fan news . 
Corning Inc. posted a 38 % decline in third-quarter net income to $ 76.5 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 123.9 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a year earlier . 
One early user is NEC Corp. 's U.S. printer marketing arm . 
The day after that conversation at the residence of the U.S. ambassador , the Brezhnevite editor of Pravda , Victor Afnasjev , was replaced by a college classmate of Mr. Gorbachev 's . 
`` Low P-E '' stocks , he says , vastly outperform others `` during a recession or bear market . '' 
Tokyo stocks closed easier , posting their first loss in six trading days , partly because of programmed index-linked selling by trust investment funds in the afternoon session . 
University of Michigan researchers find the companies earn more and win a bigger market share when their American employees get a voice in planning , product development and design , including decision-making back in Japan . 
London prices closed modestly higher in the year 's thinnest turnover , a condition that underscored a lack of conviction ahead of a U.K. balance of payments report Tuesday . 
`` If that 's true , Orange County has to be at least 10 % of that . '' 
None of the officials was available for comment . 
An enormous turtle has succeeded where the government has failed : He has made speaking Filipino respectable . 
And sooner or later , we have to do something about it . '' 
But overall buying interest remained strong through Monday , with many observers saying they expect the Nikkei to continue with moderate gains this week . 
Ms. Raptopoulos noted that relating economic numbers to specific market activity is tricky . 
Insider selling is not unusual at Dun & Bradstreet ; in fact , the recent pace of selling is just about average for the company , according to figures compiled by Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , firm that specializes in tracking and analyzing SEC insider filings . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Clinton Gas Systems Inc. said it received a contract from Timken Co. , Canton , Ohio , to manage the natural gas purchasing , scheduling and transportation activities for Timken 's seven Ohio and two Pennsylvania plants . 
But Mr. Foley predicted few economic policy changes ahead , commenting that Mr. Major shares `` a very similar view of the world '' with Mr. Lawson . 
The average seven-day compound yield , which assumes that dividends are reinvested and that current rates continue for a year , fell to 8.47 % , its lowest since late last year , from 8.55 % the week before , according to Donoghue 's . 
Market participants say investors are not only licking their wounds following the turbulence last week , but they have also been made nervous by two events in West Germany . 
Hewlett-Packard , a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer company , said it acquired the stock `` to develop and maintain a strategic partnership in which each company remains independent while working together to market and sell their products . '' 
Lines will be available 24 hours a day to take applications for such disaster relief as temporary housing and emergency home repairs by phone . 
Only for yardwork and home maintenance did women do less than half . 
Next week , the country 's top designers and manufacturers will begin showing fashions for spring 1990 , the second most important selling season of the year . 
The main issues remaining are how to calculate damages and whether the infringement was `` willful and deliberate . '' 
That 's because the widely used fiber-optic cable has been installed underground with 25 extra feet of cable between junction points . 
Well , they can now go and audition there . 
Afterward , as the A 's toasted their victory with beer ( they dispensed with traditional champagne showers in deference to the quake victims ) , Stewart said he thought his championship-team ring would outshine his individual trophy . 
Newport Electronics Inc. named a new slate of officers , a move that follows replacement of the company 's five incumbent directors last week . 
Tenders for the notes , available in minimum $ 5,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Tuesday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
\* Not counting dividends 
And if we 're not ombudsman for our area , we ought to be thrown out of office . 
BellSouth 
Since then , Nissan also has launched new versions of the $ 13,249 240SX sporty coupe and 300ZX sports car . 
Mr. Blair and Hees have been feuding for months . 
Sales and service employees were asked to report to work to help Bay area clients who called with computer problems . 
He also called on Nicaragua 's neighbors to accept a `` military equilibrium '' guaranteed by both superpowers . 
They let me down when the Japanese came down { during World War II } ... . 
As they conferred near East Berlin , a pro-democracy protest erupted in the Baltic city of Greifswald , and activists threatened further rallies against leader Krenz 's expected hard-line policies . 
So far , the victims are officially considered evil-doers , and their families receive no compensation . 
Earnings for GM common stock , reflecting the performance of GM 's core automotive operations , will be disclosed this morning . 
If the exchange falters in these moves , they say , it might once again fall behind its chief New York competitor , the Commodity Exchange . 
Week by week on `` Mancuso FBI '' ( NBC , Fridays , 10 p.m . ET ) , he pokes around the crime styles of the rich , famous and powerful of the Washington scene -- a loose cannon on deck at the FBI . 
Mr. Gatward declined to comment , and Mr. Price could n't be reached on Friday . 
One rare example of a time-limited poison pill is the shareholder rights plan adopted by Pennzoil last year after it received a huge litigation settlement from Texaco . 
Mr. Secord 's performance was decidedly less inspiring . 
Also unaltered : 12 cents for charitable activities and nine cents for medical and moving costs . 
Sales in the six months ended Sept. 30 were up 4.5 % to 229.03 billion yen from 219.27 billion yen . 
That 's essentially what budget director Richard Darman is suggesting , and we think he deserves as much support as he can get . 
The company said the acquisition has been completed and reviewed by the Federal Trade Commission . 
Marketers themselves are partly to blame : They 've increased spending for coupons and other short-term promotions at the expense of image-building advertising . 
A trader at a Japanese firm estimated that the Japanese purchased no more than 10 % of the two-year notes . 
Her sister , Cynthia , wishes Toni had a different job . 
The heavy selling by farmers helped to damp the price rally . 
And although criticism of futures generally comes from Wall Street , one Chicago futures trader notes that brokerage firms rely on futures as hedging tools when they buy and sell big blocks of stocks from institutions . 
The RTC , created by this year 's S&L bailout legislation , is trying to sell FADA 's network of offices separately . 
Thursday , he reminded his audience that the government `` can not allow the necessary rigor of monetary policy to be undermined by exchange rate weakness . '' 
`` Our expectation of confidentiality is being eroded . '' 
The move is the biggest salvo yet in the renewed outcry against program trading , with Kemper putting its money -- the millions of dollars in commissions it generates each year -- where its mouth is . 
Since its founding in 1818 , Brooks Brothers , the standard-bearer of the Ivy League look , has eschewed flashy sales promotions and fashion trends -- the rules that most retailers live by . 
`` We are all very amiable , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
First they set up overseas merchandising offices to import items and track new fashion trends . 
American Business Computer Corp. said it privately placed 1,035,000 common shares at $ 2.50 a share . 
Julie Amparano Lopez in Philadelphia also contributed to this article . 
In many scams or alleged scams involving planners , it 's plain that only a modicum of common sense on the part of the investors would have kept them out of harm 's way . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. attorney indicted 45 floor traders and one clerk at the two big Chicago exchanges . 
So far , however , Sony has n't been willing to meet its considerable financial demands . 
`` This may not make George Bush a one-term president , '' said the Oregon liberal , addressing the Republican side of the House . 
Most important , this would leave the party intact and its monopoly of political power largely undisturbed . 
`` Whole areas of their bodies are neglected , '' she says , adding that clothes ruin the experience . 
East Germany yesterday removed Erich Honecker , one of the staunchest holdouts against the reform rumbling through the Communist world , in an effort to win back the confidence of its increasingly rebellious citizens . 
These mainly involved such areas as materials -- advanced soldering machines , for example -- and medical developments derived from experimentation in space , such as artificial blood vessels . 
Big franchise groups `` can ride out the storm a lot longer , '' says Mr. Harty , the Burger King operator in New York . 
Some nights he slept under his desk . 
`` I do not have a view of whether we should do anything about program trading at this time , '' he said . 
A former curator of the Museum of Cartoon Art in Rye Brook , N.Y. , pleaded guilty in July to stealing and selling original signed and dated comic strips , among them 29 Dick Tracy strips by Chester Gould , 77 Prince Valiant Sunday cartoons by Hal Foster , and a dozen Walt Disney animation celluloids , according to Barbara Hammond , the museum 's director . 
The rest is , of course , history . 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 1.08 points to 35586.60 . 
An Olivetti spokesman said the company 's factories are already beginning to produce the machine , and that it should be available in Europe by December . 
Libya 's revolutionary Committees have threatened attacks on Italians if Rome does n't pay compensation . 
Ford and Saab officials declined to elaborate publicly on the announcement Friday that their negotiations failed to yield an agreement `` that could make long-term business sense to both parties . '' 
During his cross examination of Mr. Lorin , Mr. Lang read from the transcripts of a conversation that was taped Oct. 20 , 1988 . 
`` The problem is , if people get down in the dumps , they stop selling , '' says Mike Durcan , a laid-off sales manager in Wang 's Austin office . 
`` We know that Saab is looking for a partner for industrial and financial cooperation , '' Fiat said . 
Individual investors , represented in the general-purpose and broker-dealer fund categories , pulled money from the stock market after its big drop last Friday and put the money into funds , said Jacob Dreyer , vice president and chief economist of the Institute . 
A rule forbidding staffers to own competitors ' cars has been lifted , and now many designers drive foreign cars to get useful ideas . 
Computer-guided buying then kicked in , and the industrials regained 27 points in five minutes . 
He made a special trip to examine U.S. environmental trends because they are often followed in Europe . 
Capitalism may now be engineered to withstand sudden shocks , but there are fault lines -- the crisis in profits , the assault on wages , the structural inequity of the system -- that make fools of those who claim that the future is here and that history is over . 
For years , he quietly stuck to the back accounting rooms , wearing a hat to work because everyone else did . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities named Masahiro Dozen president . 
Hachette S.A. , a European media and publishing group , reported a small rise in its attributable first-half group profit , excluding exceptional items , to 133.8 million francs ( $ 21.1 million ) from 130.1 million francs a year earlier . 
The film producer , owned by Madrid-based financier Jacques Hachuel , received a 5 % stake in the Barcelona-based publishing group . 
And it is preparing to set up shop in Chicago , New York and 10 other cities where court-reporting agencies can tie conference rooms into the network . 
Pittston continues to hire replacement workers , the company said . 
`` People are sick and tired of hearing about these deficits , but the imbalances are still there and they are still a problem , '' said Mr. Robertson . 
At PaineWebber Inc. , they are `` investment executives . '' 
Company auditors are continuing their review , and final restated figures are n't yet available . 
Arnold M. Katz 
This estimate does n't include claims under workers ' compensation , life , health disability and liability insurance and damage to infrastructure such as bridges , highways and public buildings . 
Separately , Mr. Brady said he asked the Working Group on Financial Markets to determine whether futures margins are too low . 
The OECD said that most of the improvement occurred in the second half of last year ; since February of this year , unemployment has been steady at around 6.2 % of the labor force . 
An important part of my effort has been to understand the science so I can explain it to corporate colleagues facing major changes in product design . 
The bank charged off $ 53 million in loans during the quarter . 
Stanley Rose , a vice president , technological and strategic planning at Bankers Trust , says that despite Digital 's low prices , `` we are n't about to unplug our IBM mainframes for a DEC machine . 
Everyone around me lives well . 
And if you are caught or if people complain , simply argue that `` everyone does it '' or `` no one said I should n't '' and brazen it out . 
But , Mr. Hines adds , sales `` based on a few days ' events do n't tell you much about October 's trends . '' 
The U.S. has six trade promotion offices in Canada . 
`` The sustainability of U.S. foreign policy is essential , '' he explains . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. has them under review . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
`` Maybe it was just a vulnerable time , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
`` It 's very difficult to do , '' says Donald Holt , a market strategist for Wedbush Morgan Securities , a Los Angeles brokerage firm . 
The IRS also said that it would create the position of chief financial officer , who will be hired from within the agency . 
They shredded it simply because it contained financial information about their creditors and depositors . '' 
A heavy dose of cash is prescribed , along with a heavier-than-usual allotment to bonds -- preferably government bonds . 
While the SDI anti-missile program recently awarded W.J. Schafer two contracts totaling $ 13.4 million , ERC 's chairman and founder , Jack Aalseth , says he bought the company `` more for its technology than its customer . '' 
But supporters argue that grounding an airline is so drastic that the department would hesitate doing it . 
The benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 3\/32 , compared with 101 17\/32 Friday . 
Federal 's stock price , however , has held up well , driven in part by the general run-up of airline stocks , analysts say . 
The Maynard , Mass. , company is in a transition in which it is trying to reduce its reliance on mid-range machines and establish a presence in workstations and mainframes . 
Revenue fell 5.8 % to $ 407.9 million from $ 433.2 million . 
But industry watchers expect them to blend the methodical marketing strategies they use for more mundane products with the more intuitive approach typical of cosmetics companies . 
Whitehall cited concerns about how long Integrated would be able to hold together the sales force as one reason its talks with Integrated failed . 
Hudson 's researchers estimated that it would cost less than $ 650 million a year to test the entire population between the ages of 12 and 65 years old . 
Here , too , Mr. Roberts is way off the mark . 
That railroad is operating trains but with delays caused by employees unable to get to work . 
These stem from a two-year federal investigation of insider trading and securities fraud on Wall Street . 
Massage also has an image problem to contend with . 
3:25 a.m . 
The court , in a 3-0 ruling , threw out a deadline set by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for settling old contract disputes over gas that the pipeline companies reserved but did n't use . 
Second , we trimmed more than a month off the time required to deliver a finished product . '' 
`` One man said you act as a stimulant , '' a prostitute tells him , `` a diversion to relieve people 's boredom . '' 
The reason for the tremendous demand is simple : South Koreans suddenly have a lot more money . 
New types of financing must make funds available without draining Poland 's hard-currency reserves . 
The treasury can do something on its own , but to have any hope of success it needs help from the Fed . 
The sell-off in New York City bonds was triggered by concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainty in view of the impending mayoral election . 
In 1983 , the loans were converted into equity , giving Manila 98 % of the bank , but with the understanding that Mr. Ty had repurchase rights . 
Dealers said the market was underpinned by a squeeze in FT-SE 100 stocks , particularly among market-makers seeking shares that had been hit hard in recent weeks , such as retailers and building-related concerns . 
( Storer also took $ 125 million of junior SCI TV bonds as partial payment for the TV assets . ) 
And by then , expensive automobile sound systems were keeping the gridlocked parking lot by the bay informed about the fire causing the big black plume of smoke we saw on the northern horizon . 
Nippon Kangyo 's moves puzzled traders and created confusion among potential investors , many of whom decided to stay out of the market . 
Most of the crimes incorporated in the Thurmond bill are exceedingly rare -- killing a Supreme Court justice , for instance , or deliberately causing a train wreck that results in a death . 
Japan Storage Battery Co. -- $ 100 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par via Nikko Securities Co . ( Europe ) Ltd . 
This includes a working capital facility for Allied Stores of $ 350 million that matures March 15 , 1990 , and an $ 800 million bridge loan due April 30 , 1990 . 
Arthur Klein , president of Young & Rubicam 's New York office , stepped down `` temporarily '' in the wake of charges by a federal grand jury in New Haven , Conn. , that he , the agency and another top executive bribed Jamaican tourist officials to win its account in 1981 . 
Tokyu Construction gained 170 to 1610 . 
Since the 1950s , federal lending has experienced extraordinary growth in credit volume , subsidy rates , and policy applications , spurred on by the growth of government in general and budget gimmicks and deceptive management in particular . 
At Polaroid , the Personnel Policy Planning Committee may hear only about 20 cases a year ; the rest of the many hundreds of complaints are resolved at earlier stages . 
The agency also concluded that LTV 's financial status had improved while it was under reorganization . 
In its second quarter last year , Western Digital earned $ 12.7 million , or 44 cents a share , on sales of $ 258.4 million . 
Mr. Agnew was vice president of the U.S. from 1969 until he resigned in 1973 . 
As hamburger and pizza outlets saturate one area after another , franchisers are struggling desperately for market share , slashing prices and stepping up costly promotions . 
Often , developers stay on as property manager . 
In addition , Unisys said it reduced computer inventories a further $ 100 million during the quarter , leaving it within $ 100 million of its goal of a reduction of $ 500 million by the end of the year . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Deutsche Bank has actively sought a French acquisition for at least two years . 
S.G. Warburg , a rumored target of some European banking concerns , finished 22 higher at 400 . 
Mr. Demler said that stocks of copper in U.S. producers ' hands at the end of September were down 16,000 metric tons from August to 30,000 tons . 
By the end of 1973 , the number of `` underlying '' Big Board stocks had been increased to 50 and the options exchange had run up volume of 1.1 million contracts . 
When Mr. Pilson is asked directly -- can you make money on all this ? -- he does n't exactly say yes . 
His speech criticized the `` idiocy of notions of protected groups in society '' as opposed to individual equality or , as he put it , in `` a common destiny as Americans . '' 
`` This is the first time , if we decide to do so , for Japan to extend aid of this kind to Eastern European countries , '' the spokesman said . 
Wellman stock closed Friday at 39 3\/8 , up 1\/8 ; Mr. Sloan thinks that in a year it could hit 60 . 
Yields on certificates of deposit at major banks were little changed in the latest week . 
The opening credits are being redone , Mr. Nelson said , `` to make Teddy 's situation clear to viewers who have not been with us since the beginning . 
CONSOLIDATED FREIGHTWAYS INC. , Menlo Park , trucking company , $ 2.69 billion in annual sales , NYSE , had structural damage to CF Motor Freight subsidiary 's office in Palo Alto , no damage in Menlo Park . 
The proposed acquisition provides for a cash payment of $ 10 a share at closing and a contingent payment of as much as 80 cents a share placed in escrow . 
The room in question is the directors ' lounge of H.J. Heinz Co. , 60 floors above the bustle of Pittsburgh . 
The oil company claims that it had permission from the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency prior to the spill to use dispersant during such an incident at the discretion of the U.S. Coast Guard . 
And in anticipation of increased lending , the cap on FHA loan guarantees would rise to approximately $ 73.8 billion . 
Last year 's drought in the Midwest prompted retailers to stock up on oils ahead of anticipated price increases , boosting sales for Crisco and Puritan oils , analysts said . 
Thomas Jefferson sold Congress on the idea of the decimal system for currency , thus saving Americans the headaches of pounds , shillings and pence . 
The Merc fined Mr. Roberts $ 15,000 and suspended his trading membership for three years . 
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 505-455 , with 172 unchanged . 
The rest ought to be used to clean out drugs from the neighbhorhoods . 
Stock prices fell and bonds rose as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
They began uncovering a confusing variety of genetic deletions , some existing only in benign polyps , others in malignant cells and many in both polyps and malignant cells . 
That would cut into CBS 's slim margin for profit -- and error . 
While sterling bounced back from session lows in a bout of short-covering yesterday , foreign exchange dealers said that any hopes that the pound would soon post significant gains have evaporated . 
( Mr. Gargan 's views are not greeted with wild enthusiasm over at the IAFP , the major industry organization . 
It 's a trade secret how many were plastic , and most writers still do n't know what they 're using . 
But it still might be cheaper than taking a major hit . 
Volume is down out of San Francisco , but not out of the 11 outlying offices , '' Mr. Daggs added . 
Last month , American Home Products said it was suspending production and distribution of all 21 of Quantum 's generic drug products pending the completion of an exhaustive internal audit . 
All these reports about him committing genocide are probably exaggerated anyway . 
Malcolm MacDougall , vice chairman of the Jordan , McGrath , Case & Taylor advertising agency in New York , calls the proliferation `` nameplate mania . '' 
Daiwa House gained 50 to 2,660 . 
Mr. Lortie joined Provigo in 1985 and spearheaded the company 's drive to grow outside its traditional food business . 
But after selling off pieces such as its East Coast shuttle , its Philadelphia hub and various planes , Eastern hit a stumbling block . 
The two other directors bought 1,000 and 1,900 shares , respectively , at prices between $ 28.15 a share and $ 28.75 a share , filings with the SEC show . 
In Thursday 's edition , it was incorrectly indicated that the union had paid a fee to former House Speaker Jim Wright . 
To the extent that Democratic legislators from the South have held a disproportionate share of power in Congress since 1932 and have been able to translate such clout into relatively more local benefits for their respective constituencies , voters in the South have had an especially strong incentive to keep such Democrats in office . 
In February 1989 , when the Soviets said they had completed their pullout , the U.S. cut it further . 
Scott C. Smith , formerly vice president , finance , and chief financial officer of this media concern , was named senior vice president . 
With the TV business falling on hard times in recent years , analysts say that if SCI TV had to be liquidated today , it might fetch 30 % less than in the 1987 buy-out , wiping out most of the company 's junk-holders and its stockholders . 
Mr. Laband , meanwhile , gets an A for his rote recital of economic-efficiency arguments . 
So far there is little to show for such efforts . 
Rated triple-A by both Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers Inc . 
`` In fact , savings and loans were sellers of high yield holdings throughout the quarter , '' Deltec said . 
He adds : `` The medical market and the fitness market parallel each other and are going to cross real soon . '' 
B.F. Goodrich Co. said third-quarter profits dropped 34 % because of lower prices for polyvinyl chloride materials , the company 's largest product group . 
And to succeed in the turnaround business , he says , developers may have to put in a lot of money and time . 
`` Japanese companies need to invest in overseas real estate for diversification , '' says Yoshio Shima , an industry analyst at Goldman Sachs ( Japan ) Corp . 
Led by Pizza Hut and Taco Bell , restaurant earnings increased about 25 % in the third quarter on a 22 % sales increase . 
Occidental said oil and gas earnings fell to $ 17 million from $ 20 million . 
Procter & Gamble went down 3 1\/2 to 130 , Dow Jones fell 3 1\/2 to 37 1\/2 and Rockwell International dropped 2 1\/8 to 25 . 
The poll , conducted for the Dutch daily De Telegraaf by Gallup International said 81 % of Dutch people supported NATO . 
Last week , a mediator failed to rekindle talks between the company and the strikers , who have rejected a pay raise offer of 10 % over three years . 
RJR Taps FCB\/Leber 
For the nine months , HomeFed earned $ 82.5 million , or $ 3.52 a fully diluted share , a 4.3 % increase from year-earlier net income of $ 79.1 million , or $ 3.43 a fully diluted share . 
The New York Times Co. said it reached a settlement with independent home delivery dealers in the metropolitan New York area that will free the newspaper to expand home delivery circulation . 
By acquiring the shares , Lawrence Group increased its stake in Lawrence Insurance to 93.2 % from 91.2 % . 
Skopbank ( Finland ) -- 10 billion yen of 5 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1992 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 5 3\/4 % less full fees , via IBJ International . 
Nor should the U.S. worry much about offending China , which still aids the Khmer Rouge . 
`` We will support it , we will thank him , and we will augment it where appropriate , '' said Rep. Vic Fazio ( D. , Calif . ) . 
And she said , ` Hello . ' 
Some jumbos posted fractional changes in average yields this week , both up and down . 
Mr. Dorfman states that an investor who invested $ 100,000 a year ago in the first four stocks selected by your pros and then sold those one month later , purchasing the four new pro picks , and repeated this process for the year would have accumulated $ 166,537 , excluding account dividends , taxes and commissions . 
The tapes included wiretaps of Gen. Torrijos 's own phone , according to American intelligence officials . 
Perhaps more important , both companies share Mr. Andersson 's belief in the coming renaissance of base industries . 
Diversification pays . 
The voters delivered Mr. Gonzalez a third mandate for his successes . 
Net was $ 24 million , or $ 1.15 a share , up from $ 19 million , or 90 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` There are about a dozen more deals coming , '' said Michael McNamara , director of fixed-income research at Kemper Financial Services Inc . 
Nutmeg Industries lost 1 3\/4 to 14 . 
Not only was August 's deficit far worse than July 's , but the government revised the July figure substantially from the $ 7.58 billion deficit it had initially reported last month . 
They set up absurd situations , detached from reality , and then try to reason from them . 
The conference was entitled `` Economic Mechanisms for Environmental Protection , '' a significant departure from East Bloc usage , which recognizes only one economic mechanism -- central planning -- to direct industrial behavior . 
But Japanese institutional investors are used to quarterly or semiannual payments on their investments , so the monthly cash flow posed administrative problems . 
Mr. Thompson is n't bereft of experience with new products , however . 
Lloyd 's presently sells only auto insurance directly to the public , and such policies are sold only in limited markets such as the U.K. and Canada . 
In an Oct. 19 letter to A.P. Green 's board , East Rock said the offer is subject to the signing of a merger agreement by no later than Oct. 31 . 
`` People are very concerned about who is going to step up to the plate and buy municipal bonds in the absence of institutional buyers . '' 
Another analyst said he expected LME inventories to be down by about 15,000 tons when the weekly report is issued . 
Mark , an oil and gas concern , said the 15-year debentures are convertible before maturity at C$ 12.50 for each Mark common share , and can be redeemed at the company 's option , under certain conditions , after Nov. 30 , 1992 . 
Travel sales rose 11 % , led by gains in the U.S. . 
The maker of telecommunications and defense equipment said Carol Cable 's portfolio and market focus would complement the company 's current wire and cable businesses . 
I do n't know why Barber never told anybody else . 
Because the Japanese `` alphabet '' is so huge , Japan has no history of typewriter use , and so `` keyboard allergy , '' especially among older workers , remains a common affliction . 
Hunter Environmental Services Inc. said it reached a preliminary accord on the sale of its environmental consulting and services business for about $ 40 million and assumption of related debt . 
HUD says the project does n't qualify , and Mr. Kemp says that rock 'n' roll musicians and the music industry ought to put up the money . 
The offer capped a week of rumors that Georgia-Pacific , an Atlanta-based forest-products company , was considering making a bid for Nekoosa , a paper-products concern based in Norwalk , Conn . 
Debenture holders are expected to convert most of the debentures into common because the value of the stock received in a conversion would exceed the $ 1,103.11 redemption price . 
The damage reported focused on a select few who owned irreplaceable historic homes on the Battery . 
The glib emotional style Mr. Goldberg has perfected on television 's `` Family Ties '' does n't benefit from magnification . 
If there is no moral prohibition that expressly forbids it , full speed ahead . 
The market quickly discounted the weekly inventory report showing a 6.3 million barrel decrease in U.S. crude oil stocks as the legacy of Hurricane Jerry . 
Computer Sciences will perform data processing work for the Postal Service under the three-year contract , which also includes two additional option years for which compensation has n't yet been fixed . 
However , he stressed that the improvement depends on a continued reduction in smoking . 
`` Shippers are saying ` the party 's over , ' '' said Mr. LaLonde . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , eased 1\/2 to 110 1\/8 on 313,800 shares . 
Walter Sisulu , the ANC 's former secretary general who served 26 years in prison before being released two weeks ago , urged peace , negotiation and discipline . 
Larry Birns , director of the Washington-based Council on Hemispheric Affairs , a liberal research group , said that Latin American countries would be `` profoundly disappointed '' if Canada were to follow the U.S. lead in the OAS . 
They do deserve respect , however -- they are almost a year old , probably equal to about 106 in human years . 
Per-share earnings are estimated at more than 40 cents , up from 22 cents for fiscal 1988 . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
But in October 1987 , when portfolio insurers rushed to sell at the same time , they overwhelmed both the stock and futures markets . 
In preliminary , unaudited results reported Friday , Bond Corp. also posted an operating loss of A$ 814.1 million for the year ended June 30 , compared with operating profit of A$ 354.7 million a year earlier . 
The Massachusetts deal had an unsold balance of $ 84.3 million in late trading , the underwriter said . 
Even after divesting itself of $ 120 million of unprofitable business , the new Pinkerton 's will have sales of about $ 610 million this year and operating profit roughly double the industry average of 2%-3 % of sales , says Lloyd Greif of Sutro & Co. in Los Angeles , which arranged the Pinkerton 's acquisition . 
In this week 's show , there 's an unsafe nuclear weaponsmaking facility ( a la Rocky Flats ) . 
Egg prices averaged 64.2 cents a dozen , down 0.2 cent from September . 
In each show , Mancuso gets to unleash similar harangues : 
In the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar shares trading as American Depositary Receipts closed at $ 13.625 , up $ 1.75 . 
So far this year , the index of leading indicators has risen in four months , fallen in four months and remained unchanged in the other month . 
According to individuals familiar with the situation , the Frankfurt loss stemmed from a computer program for calculating prices on forward-rate agreements that failed to envision an interest-rate environment where short-term rates were equal to or higher than long-term rates . 
Earlier , Japan had said it might file a reservation against the ivory ban decided by ballot at the 103-nation United Nations Conference on International Trade in Endangered Species in Switzerland last week . 
But rather than write off home fitness equipment , she traded up : Ms. Igdaloff just paid about $ 900 for a fancier stationary bike , with a timer , dials showing average and maximum speeds and a comfortable seat that feels almost like a chair . 
But the promotion is n't likely to alter a management style Mr. Andersson describes as `` being the driving force leading the troops , not managing by sitting back with a cigar waiting for people to bring me ideas . '' 
In its first day of when-issued trading here , Euro Disney soared like Dumbo to close at 814 pence ( $ 13.05 ) , up 15 % from its 707-pence offering price . 
The Fed delayed approval of First Union 's $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending a review of First Union 's lending practices in low-income neighborhoods . 
`` Putting it all together , we have a negative scenario that does n't look like it will improve overnight , '' he said . 
Politics and economics conspired . 
First City 's portfolio includes approximately 640,000 accounts with about $ 550 million in loans outstanding . 
Amcast previously had said it planned to repurchase shares , but did n't disclose when or how many shares it intended to buy back . 
But two weeks ago , Sotheby 's said that it has the painting under lock and key because the loan had not been fully repaid . 
Mr. Merksamer is leading the buy-out . 
The lawsuit alleges that an inventory of Pinkerton 's memorabilia disclosed that one of the watches had n't been forked over by American Brands . 
Himont is 81%-owned by Montedison S.p . A. of Milan , Italy . 
`` We can not permit a further slowing in our volume trend , '' Anheuser said , adding it will take `` appropriate competitive pricing actions to support our long-term market share growth strategy '' for the premium brands . 
It is still common to read in the press that the church has 10,000 or more full-time American members and 25,000 `` associates . '' 
Examiners from the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency had been combing through First Interstate 's real-estate portfolio since last month ; they first recommended that First Interstate take a provision that was less than the eventual $ 350 million third-quarter hit . 
Mr. Vaux said the share issue is part of a strategy to strengthen Labatt 's balance sheet in anticipation of acquisitions to be made during the next 12 to 18 months . 
No one can say . 
The write-off will be reported as an extraordinary item in the company 's 1989 operating results . 
`` The U.S. underestimated Noriega all along , '' says Ambler Moss , a former Ambassador to Panama . 
Most of the plans have reduced bids in case the plant fails to get a license from the Nuclear Regulatory Commission . 
Let the president demand strict new ethics rules : With four sitting House members accused of sexual misdeeds , amid the unfolding HUD scandal and after the Wright debacle , `` people are slightly dulled by scandal , '' says political humorist Art Buchwald . 
`` We think everything will go this way in a few years . '' 
`` We hope to sensitize employers '' to recognize the problems so they can do something about them , Dr. Warshaw said . 
The initial bond offering by the new government agency , which was created to help rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts , is n't expected to see robust demand . 
At 555 W. 57th St. in Manhattan , one floor below the offices of `` 60 Minutes , '' the most successful prime-time news program ever , actors wait in the reception area to audition for `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung . '' 
The television element of `` La Familia '' includes a series of two-minute informational features to air seven days a week on the Spanish-language Univision network , a unit of Univision Holdings Inc. , which is 80%-owned by Hallmark Cards Inc . 
Advanced Medical Technologies Inc. said it purchased 93 % of a unit of Henley Group Inc . 
Commerzbank had hoped to buy a stake in Credit Lyonnais , until the Socialists returned to government last year and canceled plans to privatize the large French bank . 
The suit was filed by plaintiffs ' securities lawyer Richard D. Greenfield in U.S. District Court in Philadelphia . 
In such situations , he says , the house `` is going to put the best light on things . '' 
Onlookers say three persons died when one of the buildings exploded into a fireball shortly after the quake struck . 
`` I always thought of this as a thing that could always be done tomorrow , '' he said at the time . 
The president of CBS News , David W. Burke , did n't return numerous telephone calls . 
She bursts into tears and walks away . 
Japanese agencies do business with rival clients in the same industry , a practice `` that would be unacceptable by traditional Western conflict rules , '' says Roy Warman , the London chief executive of Saatchi & Saatchi 's communications division . 
Hoechst AG 's Chairman Wolfgang Hilger said the company wants to have a substitute product to completely replace ozone-damaging chlorofluorocarbons by 1995 . 
It even directed newspapers not to publish anything that might stain the honor of the Turkish sultan 's wives . 
Crestmont is conducting a search for a chief executive . 
Lloyd 's only recently reported its financial results for 1986 . 
NEW BEER : 
But Mr. Brady endorsed the market-revision bill that both houses of Congress will try to push through this session . 
The EPO-treated patients donated an average of 5.4 units of blood each compared with only 4.1 units donated by a similar group of surgical patients who received a placebo injection . 
Some analysts remain bullish and point out that the dollar continues to be well bid despite key rate increases in Europe and Japan , several weeks of aggressive dollar sales by the world central banks -- some traders estimate that the barrage of sales topped $ 12 billion -- and a 190-point plunge on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Now , because of various difficulties , the product has been scrapped . 
Perhaps it 's entertaining for those like you to discount the concerns of environmentalists , suggesting that their save-the-earth initiatives are `` whacky '' and referring to so many citizens as `` la-la activists . '' 
Shares of Coors , the company 's sole publicly traded major competitor , fell $ 1.50 apiece to $ 19.125 in national over-the-counter trading , apparently on investor concerns over potential fallout from the coming pricing struggle . 
One of their pastors has envisioned a `` new utopia '' of `` creative socialism . '' 
Now , Mr. Pilson -- a former college basketball player who says a good negotiator needs `` a level of focus and intellectual attention '' similar to a good athlete-s is facing the consequences of his own aggressiveness . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367 an ounce , down 30 cents . 
I want white America to talk about it , too , but I 'm convinced that the grapevine is what 's happening . '' 
The House Energy and Commerce Committee 's health subcommittee , headed by Democratic Rep. Henry Waxman of California , is looking into complaints that small businesses not only ca n't keep reasonably priced employee-health insurance if claims are filed , but often ca n't get coverage at all if a worker is termed medically uninsurable . 
Only one thing is certain here : Pysllium is likely to remain solely an export item from Sidhpur for a long time . 
Grimm counted 16 transactions valued at $ 1 billion or more in the latest period , twice as many as a year earlier . 
Within the appropriations process , the situation is even more difficult since the costs will be counted against the share of funds to be allocated to those subcommittees that recently have had the greatest difficulty in staying within the budget . 
Most say they plan to spend more on factory equipment in 1990 than in 1989 . 
The Big Board is considering reviving a curb on program trading when the market is volatile . 
Two ironies intrude . 
While the book amply justifies its subtitle , the title itself is dubious . 
Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co. expects a 30 % decline in earnings between now and 1991 for `` commodity-oriented '' paper companies , which account for the majority of the industry . 
`` You certainly can say it 's going to be extremely severe . 
Put option on Dec. 31 , 1991 , at a fixed 107 to yield 3.43 % . 
That , he said , is why Unisys is overhauling its whole business : It needs to prepare for a world in which profit margins will be lower than computer companies have been used to . 
As a result , he said he will examine the Marcos documents sought by the prosecutors to determine whether turning over the filings is self-incrimination . 
The figure excludes a record number employed by extraordinary government work programs , the Labor Directorate announced Tuesday . 
As expected , Warner Bros . Records said it agreed to form a recorded-music and music-publishing joint venture with former MCA Records Chairman Irving Azoff . 
Completion of Texaco 's acquisition of Tana is subject to government approval under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act . 
Humana , which wants to acquire one of the new machines itself , is on the record as opposed to the proposal . 
He said Western Digital has reacted swiftly to the movement to video graphics array , VGA , graphics technology from the old enhanced graphics adapter , EGA , which has a lower resolution standard , technology and now is one of the leading producers of these newer units . 
The campaign , which started last week and runs through Nov. 23 , with funds earmarked for both the quake and Hugo , `` was Barry 's idea , '' a spokeswoman says . 
Only time will tell if Mr. Boyd can restore to the Alley the acclaim it received when its founder , Nina Vance , was at the height of her powers . 
The offering is being made through BCI Home Equity Loan Asset-Backed Certificates , Series 1989-1 . 
Looking into Bally , he could hardly believe what he saw : a company with enormous real-estate holdings in major European cities and a market capitalization of 28 million Swiss francs ; it had 7,000 employees . 
`` We consider that his bid is an acceptable bid , '' said Sandra Kolber , spokeswoman for the independent directors ' committee appointed last May to solicit and review bids for the company in the wake of a dispute between Mr. Drabinsky and Cineplex 's major shareholder , MCA Inc . 
`` The 60-vote requirement will be there and they do n't have the 60 votes , '' Sen. Mitchell said . 
Following the feminist and population-control lead has been a generally bovine press . 
The figures include $ 15 million in costs related to a blast furnace outage and $ 8 million in losses from unauthorized work outages at the company 's coal operations . 
Having said that , we must caution against an apparent tendency to overstate the case . 
On Monday , U.S. officials received a routine , unclassified message from the military group commander in Panama . 
The stock has a 3.5 % dividend yield and goes ex-dividend today . 
`` The tests indicate that dual and non-dual traders are similar in terms of the trade executions and liquidity they provide to the market , '' Mrs. Gramm told the Senate panel . 
The German stock index tumbled 26.29 to end at 
Hyatt Corp. hires a University of Wyoming graduate with degrees in geology and petroleum engineering for $ 7.50 an hour to tend wood fires at a Colorado ski resort ... . 
The problems were uncovered during a series of internal investigations of the company 's Space Systems division , which has been the focus of two separate overcharge prosecutions by the government since 1985 . 
And then , `` he wo n't panic , '' says J. Bruce Johnston , a former USX executive and now a labor and benefit consultant with Adler Cohen & Grigsby in Pittsburgh . 
Some conservatives say Mr. Bush should n't make the trip , during which he will participate in Costa Rica 's celebration of 100 years of democracy . 
The KGB has abolished a unit known for persecuting dissidents , the government newspaper Izvestia said . 
Pasquale Pignatelli , an unlikely but enthusiastic pipe major in an Essex County Irish bagpipe band , speaks sadly of Mr. Florio . 
`` They had to do it . '' 
`` Under the banner that proclaims the ` renewal of socialism , ' '' he said , `` forces are at work that are striving to eliminate socialism . '' 
In addition , delivery delays for the first two of as many as 28 Boeing 747-400s that the carrier has ordered have raised costs because personnel had been hired to man the planes . 
Unlike those awful Republican consultants , Members do n't profit directly from HUD projects . 
`` My God and I know I am correct and innocent . 
But it all evens out , It 's so easy to see : Not till the last moment Am I paid what 's due me . 
Merrill Lynch lowered its short-term rating on the stock and its estimate of 1990 earnings , citing a sales slowdown in the company 's credit-rating business . 
A federal official said that Continental Bank worked with securities and banking regulators over the weekend to fashion the Fossett bailout , but that conditions were n't dictated by those agencies . 
A landslide engulfed a hillside slum in Sao Paulo , Brazil , and at least 20 people , most of them children , were missing and feared dead . 
The post of chief executive has been vacant since July when Terry Pryce , 55 , left the company . 
The government issues its first reading on third-quarter real gross national product this week in a report that is expected to disclose much tamer inflation . 
Instead , they were pressured by Pakistan 's ISI , the channel for their support , into attacking Jalalabad . 
And Alcan Aluminium Ltd. yesterday reported net income slid 30 % to $ 180 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 258 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
In an official release , BP said initial production from the field was 11,000 barrels a day , and that it expects peak output from the field of 15,000 barrels a day to be reached in 1990 . 
Mr. Johnson also said that `` in the scheme of things , these things are minor . '' 
In contrast to previous economic booms , Japanese auto companies are n't just trying to boost production . 
During the balloting , 26 members of the 500-seat Parliament voted against Krenz , a move considered unprecedented in the country 's 40-year history . 
With the fall social season well under way , name-droppers are out in force , trying to impress their betters and sometimes put down their lessers . 
The league 's promoters hope retirees and tourists will join die-hard fans like Mr. de Castro and pack the stands to see the seniors . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Fraser & Neave , which also has interests in packaging , beer and dairy products , holds the Coke licenses for Malaysia and Brunei , where per-capita consumption is n't as high as in Singapore . 
Investors apparently did n't like the news from Rainbow Technologies either . 
That 's a finding of a new study of the Justice Department by researchers at Syracuse University . 
Everything 's a Dollar operates 60 specialty-retail stores . 
The New York market made its high for the day on the opening and when it dropped below the $ 1.23-a-pound level , selling picked up as previous buyers bailed out of their positions and aggressive short sellers -- anticipating further declines -- moved in . 
After repeated gun robberies , some entrepreneurs may give up a business out of fear for their lives . 
Both the House and Senate bills to reduce the cost and coverage of the catastrophic-care plan would eliminate the cap on doctor 's bills . 
Foiled in their effort to get a national ban , the egg producers turned their attention to the states . 
Likewise , mutual funds remained relatively flat until I made what was , for me , a serious investment . 
During the summer , Wang executives had said they might seek outside investment . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
Until then , the billions HUD spends on inner-city housing simply is wasted . 
Its $ 309 million , or $ 1.32 a share , gain from the sale of 75 million Mitsubishi shares made net $ 331 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
Scientists Rima Kaddurah-Daouk and Paul Schimmel conducted the initial research at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
The survey 's findings certainly are n't encouraging for marketers of health-club memberships , tennis rackets and home exercise equipment , but people 's good intentions , if not their actions , are keeping sales of some fitness products healthy . 
The Port of Houston closed its terminal for handling bulk cargo . 
American education 's future will be determined by the degree to which we -- all of us -- allow this common sense to prevail over the illusions that we also share . 
House and Senate appropriators sought to establish a Nov. 30 deadline after which their bill would become the last word on how funds are distributed . 
Early in the day , bond dealers said trading volume was heavy as large institutional investors scrambled to buy long-term Treasury bonds on speculation that the stock market 's volatility would lead to a `` flight-to-quality '' rally . 
The limited partners include insurance companies , financial institutions and individual investors . 
For the 12 months ended in September , this index was up 5.1 % . 
Meanwhile , the pimp Pompey ( Glen Allen Pruett ) , dressed in black leather and a prominent codpiece , indulges in enough obscene gestures and pelvic thrusts to launch a space probe . 
The days may be numbered for animated shows featuring Alf , the Karate Kid and the Chipmunks . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. agreed to buy the franchise to bottle , distribute and market Pepsi-Cola soft-drink products in Australia , the company said . 
And the Pentagon said dozens of additional crews and transport aircraft were on alert `` awaiting orders to move emergency supplies . '' 
Sunday and Monday , Nov. 5 and 6 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC : `` Cross of Fire . '' 
Each gram of cocaine consumed is a deadly bullet against those in our country and in the rest of the world who fight this terrible scourge . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the group said it sold 1,325,900 Anacomp common shares from Aug. 31 to last Wednesday for $ 4.48 to $ 5.84 a share , resulting in a drop in its holdings to 1,351,662 shares . 
The neighborhood around Alexander Haagen Co. 's Vermont-Slauson Shopping Center in the Watts section of Los Angeles resembles the crime-ridden , deteriorating sections of many inner cities and certainly is n't the sort of area one would choose to visit . 
Treasury Secretary Nicholas Brady called the 2.5 % pace `` good , solid growth , '' although he said he expects the expansion to slow in the fourth quarter . 
`` We continue to believe the position we 've taken is reasonable , '' a Morgan Stanley official said . 
Since Mr. Shevardnadze did not address this topic before the Supreme Soviet , the Soviet Union 's official position remains that the anthrax deaths were caused by tainted meat . 
The French analysis goes further . 
The FDA has asked Kellogg and General Mills to show research that their cereals are safe . 
While no agencies reported injuries to employees , the quake damaged the offices of J. Walter Thompson , Chiat\/Day\/Mojo and DDB Needham , among others , spokesmen for those agencies said . 
Mr. DeVoe said he expects prices to show some renewed instability over the next few sessions as institutions re-evaluate their stance toward the market in light of its decline . 
Not only are Japan 's financial institutions putting their enormous clout to work ; increasingly they 're squaring off against one another in unprecedented public fashion . 
`` We have too many people in our home offices , '' says Yoshio Hatakeyama , the president of the Japan Management Association . 
This wo n't happen until strategists come down from their ivory tower and learn to work in the real world of limited budgets and uncertain futures . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
( Separately , the Senate last week passed a bill permitting execution of terrorists who kill Americans abroad . ) 
With Japanese companies in a wide range of industries -- from heavy industry to securities firms -- increasing their market share world-wide , the prospect of an even more efficient Japanese economic army may rattle foreigners . 
Even some Democrats concede that there is probably a majority in the Senate that favors some kind of broad capital-punishment measure . 
The fact sheet , dated April 1986 , says on page three : `` If the price paid for a CD purchased in the secondary market ... is higher than the accreted value in the case of zero-coupon CDs , the difference ... is not insured ... . 
Place a phone order through most any catalog and chances are the clerk who answers wo n't be the only one on the line . 
Personal spending , which fueled the economy 's growth in the third quarter , was clearly slowing by the end of the period , raising questions about the economy 's strength as the year ends . 
Yesterday 's announcements helped spark a midday wave of program selling in the stock market . 
Kellogg indicated that it has room to grow without adding facilities . 
With an untrained local labor pool , many experts believe , that policy could drive businesses from the city . 
HealthVest is in a severe liquidity bind because its affiliate , Healthcare International Inc. , has failed to make about $ 10.6 million in principal and interest payments owed since August . 
The company has no immediate plans to close any operations , she said , but Quotron may subcontract some work that it has been doing in-house , including refurbishment and production of Quotron 1000 equipment used in delivering financial data . 
Inventories fell 0.3 % in August . 
Universities can now buy a Next computer without an optical storage device for $ 4,995 . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , also asks that the Comex 's nine-month suspension of Mr. Semel be lifted , pending the broker 's appeal of the disciplinary measures . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A dropped 1 to 21 1\/8 on 331,400 shares . 
The General Accounting Office urges Congress to ensure that all penalties retain their force as deterrents . 
Mr. Stovall does n't expect an actual recession . 
`` If there 's a problem , Peter disappears , and all of a sudden Jon shows up . '' 
The experience of Princeton\/Newport and initiation of other RICO-forfeiture cases against legitimate businesses taught Drexel that a RICOed investment bank would be an ex-investment bank . 
Mr. Noriega believes he has n't any alternative but to continue clutching to power . 
Keith Mulrooney , special assistant to Federal Highway Administrator Thomas Larson , also said that after the 1971 San Fernando earthquake in Southern California , the state set tougher standards for bridges , and with federal aid , began a program to retrofit highways and bridges for earthquake hazards . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said it applied to Taiwanese securities officials for permission to open brokerage offices in Taipei . 
`` It 's hard to imagine how the markets were speculating , given that nobody could get through to San Francisco , '' said one amazed oil company executive . 
Travelers up to age 99 get a percentage discount matching their age . 
A spokesman said the properties survived without significant damage in last week 's Northern California earthquake . 
Paul Hellman , a Framingham , Mass. , sales and management consultant and author of `` Ready , Aim , You 're Hired , '' says : `` The bad news is , you 'll be rejected more . 
Now they realize magazines are as much a franchise as Nabisco is a franchise . 
When Disney offered to pay Mr. Steinberg a premium for his shares , the New York investor did n't demand the company also pay a premium to other shareholders . 
The NASD , which operates the Nasdaq computer system on which 5,200 OTC issues trade , compiles short interest data in two categories : the approximately two-thirds , and generally biggest , Nasdaq stocks that trade on the National Market System ; and the one-third , and generally smaller , Nasdaq stocks that are n't a part of the system . 
The OTC market now has declined in eight of the past 11 sessions . 
The carrier stopped short of saying it would n't at some point reconsider participating in any new bid for UAL . 
United Education & Software , a Los Angeles education services company , called the commission 's action `` precipitous and unwarranted . '' 
In Japan , Furukawa said it will raise production at a plant outside Tokyo to 300,000 sheets monthly from 100,000 . 
Third , oil prices have n't declined although supply has been increasing . 
But , he adds , `` I was not acting as a messenger . '' 
One essential indicator that they are is that members of minority groups get elected to public office with reasonable frequency . 
We have a better idea : Dismantle HUD to pay for the war on drugs . 
In an interview , Mr. Vila criticized his old show , which is continuing with a new host . 
That selling of futures contracts by elevators is what helps keep downward pressure on crop prices during the harvest . 
The intangible benefits may prove extremely costly if CBS ca n't avoid big losses on the sports coverage itself . 
Each speaker was asked to address a specific topic , not deliver a point of view . 
In the meantime , the strategies will increase expenses . 
The European Community Commission challenged an agreement on routes and fares between France 's two largest airlines on antitrust grounds . 
HDTVs break down images into more than 1,100 lines , compared with 525 for today 's televisions , providing considerably sharper detail . 
Mr. Nastro is chairman of the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange in New York and director of commodity administration at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
The rapid recovery continued to be fueled by growth in consumer loans , higher interest margins and only minor loan losses . 
His 1942 novel `` The Family of Pascual Duarte '' is considered the most popular work of fiction in Spanish since Cervantes 's `` Don Quixote '' was published 400 years ago . 
We 're standing in gasoline , so do n't smoke ! '' 
B.A.T aims to sell such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks Fifth Avenue and float its big paper and British retailing businesses via share issues to existing holders . 
`` You ca n't make a commodity out of a luxury , '' insists Mr. Purnick , the New York furrier . 
Despite the dollar 's lackluster performance , some foreign-exchange traders maintain that the U.S. unit remains relatively well bid . 
Nashua immediately responded by strengthening a poison-pill plan and saying it will buy back up to one million of its shares , or 10.4 % of the 9.6 million outstanding . 
Mr. Boren is confusing consensus on general principles with agreement on specific actions . 
Bulls say the market is an incredible bargain , priced at only about 12 times estimated 1989 earnings for stocks in the Standard & Poor 's 500 index . 
A spokesman for the company said a meeting would be held for shareholders to vote on the amendment before year 's end . 
A month later , Mr. Jefferies was spared a jail term by a federal judge who praised him for helping the government . 
Since its unsuccessful bid for BankAmerica Corp. in 1986 , the bank has undertaken a major restructuring in an effort to cut costs and boost performance , but many industry officials believe it may be ripe for a takeover bid , especially with interstate banking set to begin in California in 1991 . 
The airborne system operates independent of ground-based radar systems , informing pilots of nearby aircraft , Allied-Signal said . 
UH HUH : 
Brown-tobacco cigarettes such as Gauloises now make up just 40 % of the French tobacco market , half the level of about two decades ago . 
When industries were weak , it protected them . 
Moreover , with 88 % of its assets tied up in Manville , the trust is badly in need of diversification . 
Seventh chords make you feel as though he may break into a ( very slow ) improvisatory riff . 
Activity was brisk in the high-grade general obligation market , as a series of sell lists hit the Street and capped upward price movement in the sector . 
Italy 's Foreign Ministry said it is investigating exports to the Soviet Union by an Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. subsidiary called OCN-PPL that makes numerically controlled machine tools . 
The brigade has n't been heard from since , but we keep the staff around just in case . 
It attracts people with funny hair ( or with no hair -- in front of me a girl with spiked locks sat beside a boy who had shaved his ) . 
Weakness in big technology stocks hurt the composite as well as the Nasdaq 100 Index , which fell 1.4 % , or 6.43 , on Friday , to 437.68 . 
In addition , the manufacturer said it signed a consent decree with Ohio to build a $ 1.4 million pollution-control facility at the Ashtabula chemical manufacturing plant by Aug. 1 , 1990 . 
Jack Davis , Dataproducts ' chairman , said he had n't yet seen the filing and could n't comment . 
Springs Industries dropped 1 3\/8 to 36 . 
It is unclear what caused the creditors to do an about-face on exploring alternatives to Eastern 's new reorganization plan . 
Just down the street , Chris Volvo invites serious shoppers to test-drive a new Volvo to any other dealership along the strip , and compare the cars side-by-side . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , Lep Group said a possible course of action may include acquiring some or all of the Profit Systems shares it does n't already own . 
Rochester Telephone Corp. said it agreed to buy Viroqua Telephone Co. of Viroqua , Wis . 
-- A tax of between 3 % and 6 % on property holdings that exceed the governmentset ceiling . 
`` It 's a wait-and-see situation right now , '' says Terry McGowan , president . 
Viacom Inc. , New York , reported that its third-quarter loss widened to $ 21.7 million , or 41 cents a share , primarily because of interest expense of $ 70.1 million . 
Junk-holders say they have a stick to beat KKR with : `` The threat of bankruptcy is a legitimate tool '' to extract money from KKR , says one big SCI TV holder . 
Allianz of West Germany entered the takeover battle between France 's Paribas and Navigation Mixte . 
One hostile bidder who deliberately avoided using junk bonds was Paramount Communications Inc. in its initial offer to acquire Time Inc. for $ 10.7 billion , or $ 175 a share . 
However , four are in the Michigan district of Rep. Bob Traxler , the chairman of the House subcommittee that writes the HUD spending bill . 
Both offers are conditional on regulatory approvals and enough shares being tendered to give the bidders a majority of Connaught 's shares outstanding . 
The sharp rise in OTC short interest compares with the 4.2 % decline in short interest on the New York Stock Exchange and the 3 % rise on the American Stock Exchange during the September-October period . 
With his recent purchases of USX common stock , Mr. Icahn shattered a three-year-old , unwritten standstill agreement with Mr. Roderick . 
Investor Arthur Goldberg is pursuing a $ 32-a-share takeover offer . 
Your narrow focus appears to be a contrived attempt to show the people of that historic city to be doddering fools . 
Among other restructuring measures , the bank said it will close its loan production offices in Chicago , New York and Philadelphia . 
In a hearing before the House Ways and Means Committee , the General Accounting Office and the Congressional Budget Office , which both are arms of Congress , advised the new S&L bailout agency to abandon plans to raise temporary working capital through debt issued from an agency that would n't be counted on the federal budget . 
The application by Foothills , owned by Calgary-based Nova Corp. of Alberta and Westcoast Energy Inc. of Vancouver , Canada , is expected to kick off what could be a contentious battle for the right to transport vast quantities of gas to southern markets from still-undeveloped fields in Canada 's Mackenzie River delta . 
An ill-mannered mountain ? 
The bank group also said that it wo n't make additional advances under the $ 150 million credit line . 
But a reduction in one-time gains on the sale of various assets and an increase in the company 's provision for loan losses held down the earnings gain , the company said . 
`` But it 's like kicking your father in the pants . 
Whether a trade is done on a dual or non-dual basis , the member said , `` does n't seem to have much economic impact . '' 
State and city officials are still negotiating with developers to renovate historic theaters and build and operate a merchandise mart and hotel . 
The Whitbread spirits auction `` is an extremely interesting development ... and naturally we 'll be considering it carefully , '' a Grand Met spokesman said . 
Wang Laboratories Inc. has sold $ 25 million of assets and reached agreements in principle to sell an additional $ 187 million shortly , Richard Miller , president , said at the annual meeting . 
A good deal of the book is boring , particularly the endless allusions to high and pop culture and the frequent jokes festooning the text . 
The company is under an investigation concerning procedures to gain Food and Drug Administration approval of generic drugs . 
John V. Holmes , an investment-newsletter publisher , and three venture-capital firms he organized were enjoined from violating the registration provisions of the securities laws governing investment companies . 
But this is not enough . 
THE CHILDREN of Los Angeles will soon have their own $ 52 million courthouse . 
The simplest , most traditional form of permanent insurance is the straight whole life policy . 
Dealers said the day 's action was featureless outside some response to sterling 's early weakness against the mark , and fears that Wall Street might open lower after its strong leap forward Thursday . 
Elsewhere in the group , General Re rose 2 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 , American International Group gained 3 1\/4 to 102 5\/8 , Aetna Life & Casualty added 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/2 and Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 62 1\/2 . 
In other words , they treat you like a piece of meat '' . 
-- The Treasury wisely has refused , but has concluded that indirect credit support through various multinational agencies should be made available for a price : either debt reduction or debt-service reduction or new loans ( the Brady Plan ) . 
Merck & Co . 
Yesterday , she was still waiting at a bus stop after three hours , trying to transfer to a bus going to the financial district . 
`` Banks want to remain competitive , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
President Jose Sarney , who took office in 1985 when the man picked by an electoral college became critically ill , appears to be simply trying to avoid hyperinflation . 
Nicaraguan President Daniel Ortega may have accomplished over the weekend what his U.S. antagonists have failed to do : revive a constituency for the Contra rebels . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Merck shares closed at $ 75.25 , up 50 cents . 
The latest period loss included a $ 12.9 pretax charge for severance payments . 
Mr. Sukle says he would n't dream of participating himself : 
Suppliers and subcontractors are experiencing heightened pressure to support delivery schedules . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
It is also pulling 20 people out of Puerto Rico , who were helping Huricane Hugo victims , and sending them to San Francisco instead . 
The IRS recently amended the policy to cover stop-payment charges for checks lost by the IRS . 
Culver City Redevelopment Financing Authority , Calif. -- $ 145 million of revenue bonds , Series 1989 , tentatively priced by a Stone & Youngberg group . 
The problem is so vast that we need to try innovative solutions -- in small-scale experiments . 
Monday , October 23 , 1989 
One roustabout , hanging by his hands from a ladder , bounces his weight on a three-foot wrench to loosen a stuck fitting . 
This is a problem not only for Prime Minister Thatcher but for President Bush , as shown in the ongoing bickering over the dollar between the Federal Reserve and the Mulford Treasury . 
But slow sales forced Ford to kill the brand just last week . 
-- During the 1970s the commercial banks lured the country loan business away from the bond markets where the discipline of a prospectus and `` Use of Proceeds '' confirmation allowed lenders to audit expenditures of old loans before new loans were made . 
Nashua announced the Reiss request after the market closed . 
The family 's long absence is understandable . 
`` We 're back to square one , '' said Simon Smithson , an analyst in Japan for Kleinwort Benson International Inc . 
The companies are automotive-emissions-testing concerns . 
Now many Republicans are listening . 
A Texas legislator proposes color-coding drivers ' licenses of some drug offenders . 
`` There was little turnover and nothing to stimulate the market . '' 
A former prosecutor and member of the Senate Judiciary Committee , Sen. Specter is expected to exercise influence when the Senate votes on the impeachment today . 
We 're not rushing into anything . 
The company said that improved results in its financial-services sector were negated by increased costs in its government contract business , lower operating earnings in its commercial-products sector and soft automotive markets . 
Sales by the specialty chemicals and materials science segments were flat , and sales by the agriculture segment declined 5 % . 
The PACs appeal to insurance companies and other investors because they have higher yields than topgrade corporate bonds and carry the guarantee of Freddie Mac and Fannie Mae , quasi-federal agencies . 
Intel makes semiconductors and Campeau operates department-store chains and is strained for cash . 
Due to the Treasury 's need to raise funds quickly before the current authority to issue debt expires at midnight tonight , yesterday 's auction was structured differently from previous sales . 
While the pillars did have long metal bars running vertically through them for reinforcement , they apparently lacked an adequate number of metal `` ties '' that run horizontally through the column , said Leo Parker , a structural engineer in Los Angeles . 
Corning 's chairman and chief executive officer , James R. Houghton , said operating performance continued to be strong in the telecommunications and health and science segments . 
More recently , Mr. Krenz has been in charge of East German security , and is the youngest member of the ruling Politburo . 
Because he 's very bullish on the emerging growth stocks that make up the fund 's portfolio , Mr. Templeton said from his Bahamas hideaway . 
`` To make the venture work , they would need Fox affiliates , '' he said . 
( It matches her voice . ) 
Steve Jobs took a step back from the frontier of personal-computer technology in an effort to spur sales of Next Inc. 's new machine . 
All of the bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P . 
Although he expressed confidence that the proposed new company 's cash flow would be sufficient to cover interest payments on the debt , he estimated that the company would n't be profitable until 1994 or later . 
The offering , Series 1989-87 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities . 
a - Average rate paid yesterday by 100 large banks and thrifts in the 10 largest metropolitan areas as compiled by Bank Rate Monitor . 
The federal funds rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in the Fed 's credit policy . 
Investors recalled that Shearson last week had been advising that `` the market is still exhibiting all the signs of a further advance . '' 
Another sticking point for advertisers was National Geographic 's tradition of lumping its ads together , usually at the beginning or end of the magazine , rather than spreading ads out among its articles , as most magazines do . 
He listens impassively . 
And some analysts questioned whether Mr. Phillips would have the skills Ogilvy needs to turn the agency around . 
The finance unit , GMAC , said net fell 3.1 % , but EDS 's profit rose 16 % . 
The White House said Mr. Quayle 's staff had invited the mayor to two meetings of the vice president and groups of local officials and had offered to dispatch a helicopter to pick him up . 
Callers will be sent educational booklets , and the call 's modest cost will be an immediate method of raising money . 
Stock funds , like the market as a whole , generally dropped more than 2 % in the week through last Thursday , according to figures compiled by Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
The action , in the Canadian Federal Court , will be against Canada , the Netherlands , West Germany , Britain and the U.S. , the ministry spokesman said . 
MACPOST : 
The government said consumer prices rose only 0.2 % last month . 
`` You do n't have a right to practice . 
Erasing the differences still dividing Europe , and the vast international reordering that implies , wo n't endanger the statehood of a Poland or a Hungary . 
Endless seconds wondering if those huge windows would buckle and shower us with glass . 
In March , Mr. Laff was indicted on 15 counts of conspiracy , mail and securities fraud , and obstructing an investigation by the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
In joining MIPS , Control Data follows several competitors in embracing RISC as a new design approach . 
The Treasury also held a hastily scheduled $ 2 billion sale of 51-cash management bills yesterday . 
`` Every department store in Japan is taking a look , '' says Mike Allen , a retail analyst at Barclay 's de Zoete Wedd Securities ( Japan ) Ltd . 
More than 1,000 Muscovites attended the service . 
If sales do n't pick up , the cuts will go deeper and incentives will sprout again . 
Meritor Savings again had the dubious honor of being the OTC stock with the biggest short interest position on Nasdaq . 
The team additionally earns between $ 2 million and $ 4 million for local radio and television broadcast rights . 
`` Frankly , I would n't expect the Japanese to get hooked on anybody 's technology , least of all the Soviets . '' 
The syndicate , led by Schroders Asia Ltd. , agreed last November to provide the loan to Asia Development Corp. , a U.S. property developer . 
Applications wo n't have to be rewritten to work with Task Broker , Hewlett-Packard said , and the user of a computer wo n't be able to tell that another machine is doing the work . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
In the aftermath of the Beijing massacre on June 4 , economists advanced wildly divergent views on how Hong Kong would be affected . 
Ad Notes ... . 
It 's tempting to think these defensive steps can be delayed until a recession is clearly at hand . 
He is warm and polished before a Puerto Rican Congress in Asbury Park . 
With less capital coming in , China 's balance of payments would suffer . 
`` We wanted them to build a road here , '' he says . 
Mr. Meador had been executive vice president of Balcor . 
Mr. Achenbaum , too , delves into his clients ' business . 
At one point in the documentary , Mr. Sohmer , who is Jewish , says he felt rejected by many of the Protestants and Southerners he met at Yale . 
Lilly attributed record third-quarter and nine-month results to world-wide gains for pharmaceuticals , medical instruments and plant-science products despite poor exchange rates for the dollar that slowed sales abroad . 
Although bulk-chemical prices have begun falling in the U.S. , they are generally stable in Europe , Mr. Bergsma said . 
One chapter opens : `` World War II was not one of France 's glorious moments . '' 
It said it will buy back two million shares , or 18.4 % , of the total outstanding , and continue operations buying and managing real estate . 
If the law is n't changed , he says , `` we are left staring at rules that are almost impossible to implement , because there are so many complex depreciation calculations to do . '' 
Peter Karches , managing director at underwriter Morgan Stanley & Co. , said the issue was oversubscribed . 
Two other money managers , in explaining why they have sold large amounts of H&R Block stock this year , spoke on the condition they not be named . 
The company said it expects consumers will adjust to higher-priced soft drinks . 
But domestic consumer sales slipped 1.2 % for the quarter , to $ 490 million from $ 496 million . 
In New York City , the new Chancellor , Joseph Fernandez , has landed like a 16-inch shell in the middle of a system that has been impervious to serious reform . 
Finally , under the bill , a number of legitimate , longstanding business practices would be arbitrarily banned , unless the CFTC were to take specific and timely action to permit them to continue . 
Surveys repeatedly show that small-business owners rank the availability and rising cost of health insurance as one of their biggest concerns . 
Federal examiner Alex Barabolak said Lincoln 's operations amounted to `` pyramiding debt to provide a luxurious life style for its owners . '' 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through First Boston Corp . 
The Fed recently eased credit by lowering the bellwether federal funds interest rate to 8 3\/4 % from about 9 % . 
`` If Flynn had n't lived there , the property might have been priced $ 1 million lower , '' says Mr. Rambo , noting that Flynn 's house has been bulldozed , and only the swimming pool remains . 
In East Germany , where humor has long been the only way to express political criticism , they 're not laughing about their new leader Egon Krenz . 
But the plan now is being `` reformulated , '' Delmed said , declining to provide most of the new terms of the combination . 
The lawsuits stemmed from the development of cancer and other problems in the daughters of women who took the drug . 
Medco Research developed the drug and licensed it to Lyphomed for sale in the U.S. and Canada . 
Since Tuesday , the shares have gained nearly 4 % . 
They might even step up sales in a falling market , he said , in an effort to maintain the flow of foreign exchange into their treasuries . 
Big U.S. distillers are fiercely vying for this market , which grew to $ 77 million last year from $ 33 million in 1987 , according to government figures . 
`` The balloon had been blown up so big that when somebody came along with a pin -- in this case the UAL deal -- we got a little pop . '' 
It added that no discussions about such a sale are under way . 
They are already industrialized ... . 
Investors were quick to spot other potential takeover candidates , all of which have strong cash flows and low-cost operations . 
Asked whether they agreed or disagreed with the claim that men are emotionally better suited to politics than women , 70 % of the Reagan generation disagreed , compared with under 60 % of younger men and women in the earlier years . 
Airlines in 1989 `` came in like a bang and are going out like a whimper , '' said Kevin Murphy , an airline analyst at Morgan Stanley & Co . 
`` Maybe people do n't believe I want to give this money away . '' 
The close was the highest since August 3 . 
But before the stock market rebounded from a sharp early sell-off yesterday , he said , `` You could n't buy { junk bonds } and you could n't give them away . '' 
A risk of birth defects , a sure source of lawsuits , is one reason the U.S. pharmaceutical industry is steering clear of RU-486 . 
He said Jaguar `` should n't be smothered by anyone else , '' recalled one participant . 
It has been waging an all-out campaign to beat back a proposal , pushed by Utah bike groups , to allow the cycles in federally designated wilderness areas , where they are now prohibited . 
The Fed already buys and sells foreign exchange to prevent disorderly conditions in foreign-exchange markets . 
And , Deltec said , buying has been severely reduced because savings and loans have been restricted in their junk purchases by recently passed congressional legislation . 
The first thing anybody will tell you about ballooning is that it requires zip in the way of athletic prowess , or even a measure of derring-do . 
The theory relies on three assumptions : 
United Illuminating said the preferred holders total package would equal about 60 % of their claims . 
First Boston 's merchant banking risks mounted last month as highly leveraged Campeau Corp. , First Boston 's most lucrative client of the decade , was hit by a cash squeeze and the high-risk junk bond market tumbled . 
Last week 's output rose 1.4 % from the 1,802,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
Maybe some of our talk-show hosts and anchors have already been taken over ? 
Mr. Krenz , 52 , was named the new party chief just minutes after the Party 's 163-member Central Committee convened in East Berlin . 
It found them in a cautious , but not downbeat , mood . 
Other furriers have also placed more weight on retailing . 
In language that sidesteps the issue , Mr. Ortiz writes , `` The divestiture of nonpriority and nonstrategic public enterprises is an essential element of President Carlos Salinas 's plan to modernize Mexico 's economy ... . '' 
`` I do n't think we do now , '' he says . 
In fact , a very high-ranking Soviet official told an American official at a diplomatic dinner that no change in the policy was contemplated . 
The biggest flurry of investor activity came early in the day . 
More recently , he negotiated `` indemnification '' clauses in which an ad agency in some cases must pay a client if it drops the account . 
East Rock Partners , which has indicated it might make a bid for the company , said A.P. Green , a refractory products maker , told the partnership it is n't for sale . 
The Examiner and the San Francisco Chronicle were able to publish despite Tuesday 's quake , which occurred close to deadline for many newspapers . 
Further expansion into southern Europe is also possible , says Mr. Bell , the spokesman . 
Under previous terms , holders would have received a dividend of only $ 20 a share . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.59 % . 
Gen. Scowcroft does n't plan to increase the staff right now , but is weighing that possibility , the official adds . 
Avon also said it will issue an additional 243,677 of the Class C warrants to holders of its Class A , Class B and unclassified warrants . 
They used the 1962 Keogh Plan , a pension plan created by a New York congressman for the self-employed , as a partial model . 
In separate statements , the two sides said they want to have `` further discussions . '' 
Its board approved the repurchase of as many as three million common shares , or about 17 % of its shares outstanding . 
In many of these deals , `` venture capitalists had the inside track , '' says Lawrence Bock of Avalon Ventures , La Jolla , Calif . 
Characters complain ceaselessly about food queues , prices and corruption . 
The building 's 25 courtrooms will be smaller , says Charlene Saunders , a court administrator . 
In the case of Beatrice , Salomon Brothers Inc. is considering restructuring the reset mechanism on the $ 200 million portion of the offering . 
Blue-chip advertisers have plenty of complaints about the magazines they advertise in , ranging from inadequate consumer research to ad `` clutter '' and a seemingly unchecked proliferation of special interest magazines . 
By 1982 , however , the patent status of the Lanier microcassette had changed , permitting Dictaphone to develop its own competitive micro system , which it did . 
According to industry analysts , Chrysler plants most likely to close are the St. Louis No. 1 facility , which builds Chrysler LeBaron and Dodge Daytona models ; the Toledo , Ohio , Jeep plant , which dates back to the early 1900s ; and two Canadian plants that build the Jeep Wrangler and Chrysler 's full-sized vans . 
In the Securities and Exchange Commission filings , the group has said it may seek control of Rally 's . 
But turn into the shopping center 's parking lot , and one could be in the safe , busy mall of a prosperous suburb . 
A formal House-Senate conference is expected to ratify the accord later this week . 
Naturally , the principals ' union loves building tenure , and tenure has withstood previous challenge . 
`` The supply is not a constraint to the market , '' said Samuel Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc . 
`` We 're going to have to mail a lot less and a lot smarter , '' says Jack Miller , president of Quill Corp. , a Lincolnshire , Ill. , business-to-business mail-order company . 
The approval also ends any hope that Banque Nationale de Paris , another state-sector bank , might have had about taking Credit Lyonnais 's place in the accord . 
`` The results seem to be very premature , '' said Mitsuru Miyata , editor of Nikkei Biotechnology , a leading Japanese industry newsletter . 
The new generation of plants will possess the flourishing , high-production trait known as `` hybrid vigor , '' similar to that now seen in hybrid corn . 
Viacom accuses Time in its suit of refusing to carry Showtime or a sister service , The Movie Channel , on Time 's Manhattan Cable TV system , one of the nation 's largest urban systems . 
It marked the first time a U.S. official was impeached on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
The Wilmington , Del. , chemicals concern previously signed research superconductor agreements with Oak Ridge National Laboratory and with Argonne National Laboratory . 
Admirers of Mr. Glass may agree with the critic Richard Kostelanetz 's sense that the 1974 `` Music in Twelve Parts '' is as encyclopedic and weighty as `` The Well-Tempered Clavier . '' 
While universities develop the basic research , `` venture capitalists are the ones best positioned to finance its commercialization , '' says Gloria W. Doubleday of Commonwealth . 
With congressional elections next year , GOP leaders have worried about opposing a minimum-wage rise for low-paid workers at a time when Congress is moving toward a capital-gains tax cut that would directly benefit wealthier taxpayers . 
`` The company 's on a roll , '' said Robert Herwick , an analyst at Hambrecht & Quist . 
There 's no fire sale here . '' 
Last year , Eastern had a quarter loss of $ 1.7 million , or eight cents a share . 
Most people said they exercise both for health and enjoyment . 
The study said Japan 's carbon-dioxide emissions would slightly more than double by 2010 unless the nation reduced its dependence on fossil fuels . 
To encourage more competition among exporting countries , the U.S. is proposing that export subsidies , including tax incentives for exporters , be phased out in five years . 
There is evidence that if people inherit defective versions of these genes , they are especially prone to cancer , perhaps explaining , finally , why some cancers seem to haunt certain families . 
An official at Nestle Korea , a 50-50 joint venture between Nestle S.A. and the Doosan Group , said the new facility will manufacture all types of soluble , roasted and ground coffee , coffee mix and nondairy coffee creamer . 
QVC Network Inc. said it completed its acquisition of CVN Cos. for about $ 423 million . 
This would force out of business many of the individuals and small firms that function as floor brokers . 
Property Capital Trust said it dropped its plan to liquidate because it was n't able to realize the value it had expected . 
`` When the going gets rough , China penalizes the efficient and rewards the incompetent , '' says a Western economist . 
The latest period included a $ 54 million gain from the sale of various oil and gas properties , a $ 22 million charge from the restructuring of Occidental 's domestic oil and gas operations , and tax credits of $ 42 million . 
Panhandle Eastern Corp. said it applied , on behalf of two of its subsidiaries , to the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission for permission to build a 352-mile , $ 273 million pipeline system from Pittsburg County , Okla. , to Independence , Miss . 
They are in the forefront of opposing the search for new landfills and methods of incineration and even oppose new methods of research such as genetic engineering . 
The first Barney 's shop is scheduled to open in Japan next year . 
But he also pointed out that the recalls will have no impact on GE 's engine production . 
Most of the those who left stock funds simply switched into money market funds . 
US Facilities Corp. said Robert J. Percival agreed to step down as vice chairman of the insurance holding company . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
From 1974 to 1984 , prices for the best yearlings at the summer sales rose 918 % to an average of $ 544,681 . 
Developers caution that broad applications are several years away because the technology is n't fully refined . 
From the fee , the local phone company and the long-distance carrier extract their costs to carry the call , passing the rest of the money to the originator , which must cover advertising and other costs . 
For years , the canceled checks of a small number of well-known baseball players have been bought and sold . 
`` The 486 is going to have a big impact on the industry , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 
At the $ 932 million T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund , investors yanked out about $ 182 million in the past two months . 
But he is n't worried . 
But `` Friday did n't help things , '' says Mr. Schaefer . 
Balcor , which has interests in real estate , said the position is newly created . 
SELL ` WHISPER ' STOCKS . 
British Airways said it has n't received a proposal from JAL . 
Thin merchandise selections at the most troubled chains are also expected to hurt sales . 
Needs are n't clear , and the state constitution makes increasing taxes and spending very difficult . 
Analysts continued to speculate late last week that Ford may try to force the issue by calling for a special shareholder 's meeting and urging that the government and Jaguar holders remove the barriers to a full bidding contest before December 1990 . 
Curiously , he compares the Orange Workers to the ANC , which his father outlawed in 1960 . 
The spokeswoman said the Frankfurt situation was `` totally different '' from problems in the interest-rate options unit . 
The board 's actions leave takeover stock traders nursing some $ 700 million in losses and eager to respond to anyone who might make a new offer . 
Cartoonists in West Germany have already mocked the exodus by imagining an advertisement placed by Mr. Honecker : `` Wanted : one people . '' 
But investors who are preoccupied with short-term fluctuations may be paying too little attention to another big risk -- not generating enough money to meet long-term financial and life-style goals . 
`` Obviously , we got a lot more smoke than fire from the people who told us the market was n't so risky , '' says Bradford Cornell , professor of finance at University of California 's Anderson Graduate School of Management in Los Angeles . 
According to military officers at the time , word was passed to Mr. Noriega by his American hosts that the police would be waiting . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Wilfred fell 6.25 cents to 93.75 cents a share . 
It is shown weekdays on two of the country 's five networks . 
The Tokyo camera maker said net income more than doubled to 5.85 billion yen , or 16.08 a share , from 2.63 billion yen , or 7.24 yen a share . 
All 700 Toronto-based employees will be offered positions in Calgary , the company said . 
GTE said net income rose 18 % , aided by higher long-distance calling volumes and an increase in telephone lines in service . 
Credit Agricole ( CNCA ) ( French ) -- $ 250 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 21 , 1994 , priced at 101.80 to yield 8.77 % annually less full fees , via IBJ International Ltd . 
The Warner Bros. studio and Sony signaled they are close to a settlement yesterday , asking a Los Angeles Superior Court to postpone a hearing scheduled for tomorrow on Warner 's request for a preliminary injunction blocking Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from taking the top posts at Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
According to market participants , the bonds were met with decent bids , but the volume of paper left high grades in the 10-year and under maturity range unchanged to 0.05 percentage point higher in yield . 
The turnaround in the dollar fueled bearish sentiment about Japan 's bond market . 
Electrical products ' sales fell to $ 496.7 million from $ 504.5 million with higher world-wide lighting volume offset by lower domestic prices and the impact of weaker currencies in Europe and South America . 
Murata said , however , it will invest about 1.4 billion yen ( $ 9.9 million ) in the new company . 
It also raised hackles of the city 's tourism boosters . 
He notes that , as a lawmaker from the San Francisco area , he fights each year to preserve federal funds for the Bay Area Rapid Transit system . 
`` This is designed to get the wagons in a circle and defend the smoking franchise . '' 
Your were on target regarding industry problems , but wide of the mark in portraying the financial health of this company . 
Construction spending is believed to have slipped about 0.5 % from August levels , although economists noted the rate probably will pick up in the months ahead in response to hurricane and earthquake damage . 
They and other top executives signed long-term employment contracts and Mr. Della Femina will receive an additional multimillion-dollar sum , which some industry executives pegged at about $ 10 million . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's sales of household products in the U.S. were flat for the quarter , and they estimated operating margins at only 1 % to 3 % . 
Warner was referring to documents filed last week in which Sony Corp. of America Vice Chairman Michael Schulof and Walter Yetnikoff , president of its CBS Records unit , said they had taken Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters at their word when the producers told them that getting out of the contract would be no problem because of a previous oral agreement . 
He explained , in part , that restructuring to prepare for the Common Market expansion due in 1992 `` has become more of a strategic priority , both for companies inside and outside the European Community . '' 
Alan Bond , chairman and controlling shareholder of the cash-strapped Australian media , brewing , resources and property concern , disclosed the debt figures yesterday . 
Dr. Solomon Sobel , director of metabolism and endrocrine drug products for the U.S. Food and Drug Administration , said FDA officials have discussed Dr. Toseland 's findings `` fairly intensively . '' 
The FDA is expected to approve today a program granting access free of charge to the drug AZT for children with AIDS . 
The 1989 deficit would have been nearly $ 10 billion larger had the government been able to spend as much as Congress intended on cleaning up the thrift industry before the year ended on Sept. 30 . 
While some commercial lending has resumed , international lenders remain nervous about China 's economic troubles and foreign debt -- $ 40 billion at the end of 1988 . 
On so-called Manic Monday , Oct. 16 , stock prices plunged across Europe and trading problems erupted . 
The fact that the city will issue such a large amount of debt was interpreted as a sign that New York 's budgetary problems are more serious than had been expected . 
Alan D'Agosto , president of Panda 's Inc. , an operator of Arby 's restaurants in Omaha , says : `` All we 're doing is keeping the customers coming , but we are n't increasing sales . '' 
Most of the allegations no longer pending were ethics charges withdrawn by state prosecutors as part of a pre-trial agreement . 
An admittedly limited survey by NASAA , whose members are state securities-law regulators , found that between 1986 and 1988 `` fraud and abuse '' by financial planners cost 22,000 investors $ 400 million . 
The suit , assigned to federal Judge Kimba Wood , seeks a permanent injunction , back pay for judges who have been forced to retire , reinstatement of retired judges and `` other affirmative relief necessary to eradicate the effects of ( New York 's ) unlawful employment practices . '' 
The 10 7\/8 % notes were priced at 99.5 % to yield 10.958 % in an offering managed by Bear , Stearns & Co. , Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Lazard Freres & Co. , the company said . 
While there are no easy low-cost solutions , simply ignoring our problems will result in their severity increasing and spreading throughout the state , the nation and the world . 
He said current expectations are for an entry level machine to be shipped in December , with all of the more sophisticated versions out by June . 
Institut Merieux , which already holds a 12.5 % stake in Connaught , said that at the close of business Thursday , 5,745,188 shares of Connaught and C$ 44.3 million face amount of debentures , convertible into 1,826,596 common shares , had been tendered to its offer . 
Tokyu Department Store advanced 260 to 2410 . 
I would tend to trust their judgment . '' 
SHIBUMI : 
Last October , during the 1988 Summer Games , NBC relentlessly pitched a new series , `` Tattingers . '' 
The Amira transaction is typical of the way venture-capital firms are approaching the task of commercializing biotechnology research . 
Congress has just made it easier for the affluent to qualify for insured loans from the deficit-ridden Federal Housing Administration . 
In the same sentence he contradicts himself when he reports that the government still retains 40 % of the total equity of the airline . 
In describing that business in general , he says that when the client ca n't repay the loan , some machikin `` clutch on like hyenas '' and even take over the client 's company . 
The loss , which is 38 cents a share , is the transportation services concern 's first quarterly setback in more than a decade and compares with net income of $ 55.3 million , or 68 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
U.S. GNP rose at an annual rate of 2.5 % in the third quarter . 
Earlier , American Medical said it had been approached again by two other possible suitors , whom it would n't identify but who had previously submitted bids for the company . 
Underwriters at First Boston Corp. said the J.C. Penney credit-card securities are the first with a 10-year average life , which is much longer than previous such issues . 
If you can do that and at the same time send a message that supports your business , that 's brilliant . '' 
The city is full of aging bridges , water mains and roadways that are in need of billions of dollars worth of repair . 
It makes extensive use of stainless steel , silver and aluminum that sets off black granite table tops and a gray terrazzo with zinc-strip floors . 
For example , officials at Walnut Creek office learned that the Amfac Hotel near the San Francisco airport , which is insured by Aetna , was badly damaged when they saw it on network television news . 
Officials hinted , however , that SAS would take a stake of at least 6 % in Finnair , valued at about $ 40 million at current market prices . 
Industry consultants say only Schering-Plough , which makes the mass-market Maybelline , has maintained a meaningful business . 
Many other brokerage firms had similarly bullish views . 
Some of the oil interests already have been sold . 
Some lawyers and scholars see the social scientists ' vision of the American jury system as a far cry from the ideal presented in civics texts and memorialized on the movie screen . 
For the third quarter , net premiums were $ 742 million , up 9.6 % from $ 677 million in last year 's quarter , because of the expiration of the National Indemnity quota share reinsurance agreement . 
Known as a traditional executive , he is very much in the conservative American Express mold . 
Mr. Breeden 's selection will be scrutinized as an important signal about the strength of his commitment to continuing the SEC 's high-profile pursuit of insider trading and market manipulation on Wall Street . 
Columbia also has unrealized gains in its public equity securities portfolio of more than $ 70 million . 
Investors , money managers and corporate officials had until today to comment on the proposals , and the issue has produced more mail than almost any other issue in memory , Mr. Lane said . 
Nerds and geeks sometimes find themselves a bit isolated at Harvard . 
We 'll leave them alone . 
The company maintains that it does n't expect Emhart to contribute to earnings for about another 12 months . 
More stop-loss orders were touched off all the way down to below $ 1.14 , where modest buying was attracted . 
Fed critics , however , hailed it as a long overdue attempt to bring a measure of openness and democracy to the setting of monetary policy . 
Company officials said Leaseway fulfilled payment requirements of its debt obligations since the leveraged buy-out , but `` our performance since the { buy-out } makes it imperative to implement actions that will further improve our cash flow . 
Commercial customers can purchase the same system through Businessland Inc. , a computer retailer based in San Jose , Calif. , for roughly $ 3,000 more . 
Many fund managers have boosted their cash levels in recent weeks . 
A video sent to association members , featuring shots of the Alamo , cowboys , fajitas and a statue of Sam Houston , does n't mince words . 
Everywhere , Kidder stresses the `` always working '' theme . 
Is n't it true that you were so worked up that framing Mr. Laff for this crime was the least that you planned for him ? '' 
In the second quarter , contracts called for increases of 3.9 % in the first year and 3.4 % over the life of the contracts . 
In addition to wage increases , the union negotiated improved vacation plans , benefit packages and pension plans , Mr. Slotnick said . 
After Mr. Carter was defeated in 1980 , the shah 's ghost claimed the credit and then went after President Reagan and Cap Weinberger . 
They maintain that a president needs the ability to surgically remove pork-barrel spending projects that are attached to big omnibus spending bills . 
Maidenform says it is very profitable but declines to provide specifics . 
Thierry de Montbrial , director of the French Institutue for International Relations in Paris , says it is n't clear what , exactly , West Germany wants . 
Businessmen took their cue from the engineers . 
Likewise , certificates of deposit on average posted lower yields in the week ended Tuesday . 
Philip Morris , trying to revive the Benson & Hedges franchise , put the account up for review in 1986 . 
The purchase was made by Rockwell Graphic Systems , a Chicago subsidiary of the El Segundo , Calif. , concern . 
Robert M. Jelenic , 39 , was named president and chief operating officer of this closely held publisher . 
This of course led to disaster in New York City . 
Advertising volume at the company 's 35 regional newspapers decreased 1.1 % . 
The elections will be held in different states on one of the two days . 
A half-dozen candidates , backing policies ranging from Thatcherism to watered-down Marxism , are given a chance of winning . 
Limiting care wo n't be easy or popular . 
Airline Aviation , which has annual revenue of $ 5 million to $ 6 million , has great growth potential because of the large number of U.S. pilots nearing retirement age , Comair said . 
City and County of Honolulu , Hawaii -- $ 75 million of obligation bonds , 1989 Series B , due 1993-2009 , via competitive bid . 
Moreover , the burden of consumer credit payments relative to disposable income may be `` lower in this cycle than earlier , '' Mr. Durkin says . 
Strategy is not a separate event in an idealized sequence of discrete events ; it is a way of thinking that neutralizes threats to our interests in a manner consistent with our financial , cultural and physical limitations . 
In April , the Long-Term Credit Bank linked its computers in Tokyo with its three American offices . 
One day last March , CBS Sports President Neal Pilson and Olympics superagent Barry Frank met for lunch at the Lotos Club here . 
The Bush administration would also like to nominate a woman ; one possibility is former Justice Department official Victoria Toensing . 
The investor , Donald A. Wright , plans to run the company , said a spokesman for Kyle . 
`` In reality it 's very volatile , but the movements are not because of market movements . 
Shareholders of Noxell , of Hunt Valley , Md. , will vote on the merger at a special meeting on Nov. 30 , the companies said . 
But Phillips persisted , calling in scientists from the Salk Institute . 
First Interstate had a $ 214.4 million loss in 1988 's third quarter , mainly from writedowns and reserves connected with its Texas operations . 
`` Some companies were delinquent in filings and other actions , all of which cost money , '' Mr. Holmes said . 
One protest did get past NASA 's guard , though ; a computer virus caused anti-Galileo messages to flash onto some computer screens at NASA centers . 
He did n't bite . 
Mr. Rubendall could n't be reached . 
And when Mr. Engelken asked him why he took time off from work for somebody he did n't even know , Bobby Thomson replied : `` You know , Albert , if you have the chance in life to make somebody this happy , you have an obligation to do it . '' 
On this basis , `` there 's no way the average person can know a good charity from a bad one , '' says David Ormstedt , an assistant attorney general in Connecticut . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
New trade accords were signed . 
Its loss of $ 77.7 million , or $ 1.86 a share , contrasted with net of $ 68.5 million , or $ 1.58 a share , in the 1988 third quarter . 
Unlike larger contractors with a broad enough base to weather the downturn easily , these companies are suffering big drops in business as once-lucrative specialty niches in the massive military market erode or even disappear . 
CRRES is a joint NASA-Air Force satellite to study the effects of space radiation on micro-electronic components . 
Morgan Grenfell Group PLC said John Craven , group chief executive officer , is taking over the chairmanship of the merchant banking group from Sir Peter Carey , who is retiring . 
In August , by contrast , program trading averaged 10.3 % of daily Big Board turnover . 
Asked to say a few words , he pulls out his crumpled piece of paper and tries to talk , but he 's too choked up to get the words out . 
When they reapportion their districts after the 1990 census , every other municipality and state in the country will face this issue . 
Employers could also pay a subminimum `` training wage '' for 90 days to new workers who are up to 19 years old , and then for another 90 days if the company institutes a specific training program for the newcomers . 
Belgium 's inflation has been rising steadily for the past year , but the ministry said the latest rise is slower than gains in September and August . 
Sears has been counting on growth coming from the large displays of brand-name merchandise it is adding to its stores over the next two years in what it calls `` power formats . '' 
The notice also grants relief for certain estate-tax returns . 
Instead , it is to seek out corporate financing business and sell investment products on behalf of the family 's mainstay banking units : N M Rothschild & Sons Ltd. in London , Rothschild & Cie. in Paris and Rothschild Bank AG in Zurich . 
Amoco Corp. said it plans to install two platforms and drill as many as 22 wells to develop oil reserves it discovered in the Atlantic Ocean about 25 miles off the coast of Congo . 
Last week 's uncertainty in the stock market and a weaker dollar triggered a flight to safety , he said , but yesterday the market lacked such stimuli . 
The company noted that its third-quarter results should be released later this week or early next week . 
`` All this has really established is that MCA and the Bronfmans have agreed on a price at which they can be bought out , '' said Jeffery Logsdon , an analyst with Crowell , Weedon in Los Angeles . 
The semiconductor concern said the interruption in shipment of its 80486 computer chip will be brief and have little impact on the company 's earnings . 
And You Are There , sort of : 
Reggie Jackson , the retired baseball star , has found another use for them . 
The Journal also will offer expanded volume and frequency discounts . 
According to the ministry , retail sales at major department stores were up 12 % to 745.7 billion yen , while sales at supermarkets rose 6.7 % to 642 billion yen . 
Other magazine publishing companies have been moving in the same direction . 
`` The earnings were fine and above expectations , '' said Michael W. Blumstein , an analyst at First Boston Corp . 
The technology group includes many of the OTC market 's biggest stocks , which dominate the market-weighted Nasdaq Composite Index . 
He likes to tell the yarn of how he got lost on the expansive ranch during an early visit , took refuge in an office and called the front desk for help . 
NASA estimated that , on Monday , about four computer centers were affected . 
Of course , one option would be for Manville to buy out the trust 's shares -- which would do little to benefit public stockholders . 
At GMAC , net dropped 3.1 % to $ 234.5 million from $ 241.9 million . 
Everyone falls in love with everyone else . 
Mr. Taft , who is also president of Taft Broadcasting Co. , said he bought the shares because he keeps a utility account at the brokerage firm of Salomon Brothers Inc. , which had recommended the stock as a good buy . 
`` McDonald 's has also been running negative all year , '' the analyst says . 
Red ink already has begun to flow in the wake of the U.S.-U.K. market breaks of Oct. 13 and Oct. 16 . 
Yesterday 's edition did n't specify where the improvement would take place . 
Some buildings collapsed , gas and water lines ruptured and fires raged . 
Thus , a woman who used RU-486 to have an abortion would have to make three trips to the clinic past those picket lines ; an initial visit for medical screening ( anemics and those with previous pregnancy problems are eliminated ) and to take the pill , a second trip 48 hours later for the prostaglandin , administered either via injection or vaginal suppository , and a third trip a week later to make sure she has completely aborted . 
Judy and I were in our back yard when the lawn started rolling like ocean waves . 
The judge in the jury trial said there was insufficient evidence to hold Ford liable in the case . 
The executive order and the reported agreements with the Intelligence Committee are neither sensible nor moral . 
They wanted reform and they got a revolution , '' says overhaul advocate Rep. Willis Gradison ( R. , Ohio ) . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft 's exploratory mission is to take six years . 
Two gunmen entered a Maryland restaurant , ordered two employees to lie on the floor and shot them in the backs of their heads . 
It also could convert glucose from farm wastes into edible protein . 
Randolph W. McElroy , a vice chairman of this bank-holding company , was named to the additional position of chairman of its principal unit , Sovran Bank . 
In a startling turnabout , Members of the Senate Intelligence Committee are complaining that someone in the executive branch is leaking on them . 
Mr. Freeman said machinists ' union advisers plan to meet this week to try to draw up a blueprint for some form of recapitalization that could include a special dividend for shareholders , an employee stake and , perhaps , an equity investment by a friendly investor . 
He confers big trading commissions on Wall Street firms . 
Nissan Motor is just one of a slew of advertisers that have hitched their ads to the devastating San Francisco quake and Hurricane Hugo . 
`` There 's a revolution ahead of us that will ultimately change the way we market and distribute steel , '' says William Dennis , vice president , manufacturing and technology , for the American Iron Ore and Steel Institute . 
Mr. Brady and senators agreed to have their staffs meet within the next week to start fine-tuning the bill . 
They serve the industries and the special-interest groups . 
CBS hopes to save money by ordering fewer episodes of regular series because sports will fill up a few weeks of prime time . 
Like just about everything else , that remains to be seen . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
For the nine months , the company said profit fell 49 % to $ 23.5 million from $ 46 million in the year-earlier quarter , which included divestiture-related gains of $ 50.6 million . 
The agency noted that because of a strike by Finance Ministry personnel the provisional estimate does n't correspond exactly to the consumer price index usually published . 
Mr. Garcia says he has been notified of congressional hearings on the Picop bidding and possible legislation covering the paper mill 's sale , both prompted by the criticism of the agency . 
As a result , while any one customer may purchase immediacy by selling to a market maker ( which is micro-liquidity for the investor ) , the market as a whole remains in the same circumstances it was before the transaction : The unwanted position is still an unwanted position ; only the identity of the seller has changed . 
The average recession lasts about a year . 
Moreover , Mr. Guber claims , Mr. Semel told him that Mr. Ross probably would n't object `` if it were anybody other than Sony . 
According to Lawrence Eckenfelder , a securities industry analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , `` Kemper is the first firm to make a major statement with program trading . '' 
In the case of Peter and Jon , the ink has been very , very black . '' 
And after weeks of delay , the appropriations process is beginning to take some final shape . 
BNL also said that its board had approved `` after an in-depth discussion , '' a letter to the Bank of Italy outlining measures the state-owned bank has taken or plans to take to improve controls on its foreign branches . 
Texas Air , which owns Continental and Eastern airlines , lost 3\/8 to 13 1\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
LTV 's planned increase , which was announced in an Oct. 26 memo to district managers , does n't affect electrogalvanized steel or tin plate . 
The Packwood plan would also include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would expand and alter the deduction for individual retirement accounts . 
Labor costs , which leveled off in the past few years because of lower pay scales for newer employees , are on the upswing again at many carriers . 
AN AIDS DIRECTORY from the American Foundation for AIDS Research rates and reviews educational materials . 
Stock prices fell broadly in heavy trading , dominated by futures-related program selling and further declines by UAL and other airline stocks . 
Rep. Oakar , a Democrat from Cleveland , wants a $ 6.9 million grant so Cleveland can build an 18-story Rock and Roll Hall of Fame . 
You had to have been blind not to see the scenario there for what it was and is and will continue to be for months and even years -- a part of South Carolina that has sustained a blow that the Red Cross expects will cost that organization alone some $ 38 million . 
LTV Steel is boosting prices of flat rolled steel products an average 3 % , but it 's unclear whether the increases , set for Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick . 
Those include Rhin et Moselle Vie and Via Assurances . 
However , Mr. Dillow said he believes that a reduction in raw material stockbuilding by industry could lead to a sharp drop in imports . 
Oil ministers now hope to solve the issue for good through an Iranian proposal that gives a larger share of output to countries with surplus capacity and reduces the shares of those that ca n't produce more anyway . 
Traders said many of the sell programs are positions being established ahead of this Friday 's expiration . 
PACIFIC GAS & ELECTRIC CO. , San Francisco , electric , gas and water supplier , annual sales $ 7.6 billion , some minor damage to headquarters , undetermined damage to four nearby substations , severe structural damage to a major power plant at Moss Landing , extensive damage to gas lines and electric lines , 400,000 residences without electricity and 69,000 without gas , can not reconnect electricity until it is certain there are no gas leaks , no predictions on when this will happen . 
( Some courts release names and addresses , and researchers can drive by houses , look up credit ratings , and even question neighbors . ) 
It just is n't done . 
It was a Friday in June . 
S.A. Brewing , which is 20%-owned by Elders IXL Ltd. , Australia 's largest brewer , will make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , the corporate regulators said in a statement . 
The union , though , has called the offer `` insulting . '' 
One building in Palo Alto may be damaged beyond repair . 
For the year , Winnebago had a loss of $ 4.7 million , or 19 cents a share , following profit of $ 2.7 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The slip has come despite high-profile ads created by Wells Rich , including one picturing a young man clad only in pajama bottoms interrupting a festive brunch . 
He was executive vice president , director of broadcast production . 
The Commerce Department also is trying to encourage HDTV because of the benefits that could spin off to the semiconductor and computer industries . 
But the San Francisco delegation finds itself asking that the cap per household be lifted to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 to assist the hard hit but often wealthy Marina district . 
The Senate rejected a constitutional amendment sought by Bush to prohibit desecration of the U.S. flag . 
`` The second time , '' he says , `` they left the shovel . '' 
Despite the current outcry over stock market volatility , few people expect stock futures to disappear . 
It is now a commonplace that prosecutors are bringing criminal indictments in cases where until a few years ago only a civil action at most would have been brought . 
But though couriers work as many as 60 hours a week during the autumn rush , they leave early during slack times while still being assured of a minimum paycheck . 
Worse , it lagged behind competitors in offering now-standard gimmicks , from regional editions to discounts for frequent advertisers . 
But despite the acrimony between Mr. Ross and Mr. Yetnikoff , officials of the Time side of Time Warner have reportedly been increasingly interested in a settlement that might yield attractive business opportunities . 
In the past , says Armco 's chief economist John Corey , steelmakers made a product and set it out on the loading dock . 
Mr. Barnicle was hardly kinder to the renderings of colleagues Michael Madden ( `` appears to be a pervert '' ) , Will McDonough ( `` looks as if he drove for Abe Lincoln '' ) or Bella English , whose `` little girl now screams hysterically every time she sees a newspaper . '' 
A United spokesman said 14 of its 21 gates were unusable , mainly because of water damage caused when a sprinkler system was triggered by the tremors . 
What tongue to speak is an emotional mine field in the Philippines . 
`` Capitalizing on the brand is key , '' says Mr. Brawer , whose immediate plans include further international expansion and getting better control of distribution outside the U.S. . 
Craig Forman in London contributed to this article . 
To help finance the Carat purchase , WCRS said it plans an issue of Euroconvertible preferred shares once the market settles down . 
In the corner of his reception room is a delicate antique desk piled high with dossiers . 
And , if still conscious at the evening 's end , you notice something else : The audience , at first entranced and hypnotized by the music , releases its pent-up feelings in collective gratitude . 
It might even have saved the life , and business , of Israel Ortiz . 
In other words , if there 's a problem , do n't expect Citibank to come to the rescue . 
Analysts predict a 3.5 % rise in the deflator , after climbing 4.6 % in the second quarter . 
`` But we do n't believe there is enough of a difference to be clinically significant , '' Dr. Sobel said . 
It happened at Northrop Corp. in Los Angeles . 
British government restrictions prevent any single shareholder from going beyond 15 % before the end of 1990 without government permission . 
That loss compared with a year-earlier profit of A$ 273.5 million . 
Pilot union advisers appeared confident that a new bid could go forward even without British Air 's participation . 
France voted the same as the U.S. 76 % of the time , West Germany 79 % and Britain 83 % . 
The experiment was stopped briefly to change an instrument . 
The judge says he is confident he will return to his old bench . 
Most earn high ratings from credit agencies . 
Net for the oil-field services and electronic measurements and systems concern rose to $ 114.2 million , or 48 cents a share , from $ 112.2 million , or 42 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But when Betsy Engelken wrote him , saying she could stop near his New Jersey home , it seemed different . 
Machines using the 486 are expected to challenge higher-priced work stations and minicomputers in applications such as so-called servers , which connect groups of computers together , and in computer-aided design . 
Mr. Ross , who will be chairman and co-chief executive officer of Time Warner after the merger is complete , denied that in his own affidavit , and called Mr. Yetnikoff 's remarks `` vicious '' and his claims `` reckless , irresponsible and baseless , '' saying Warner under his leadership has started a number of businesses in Japan . 
We can not , however , join the political chorus that as one proclaims how offputting it is that Mrs. Thatcher refuses to get along by going along . 
In over-the-counter trading , Avery shares were quoted yesterday at a bid price of 93.75 cents a share . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. , Stamford , Conn. , said it sold and agreed to sell several investments and nonstrategic businesses for about $ 100 million , which will be used for reducing debt and general purposes . 
Now there 's an idea . 
9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
And , despite its image as a technology superpower , Japan has a lot of weaknesses . 
Indeed , British Air seemed to be distancing itself from the troubled transaction early in an effort to avoid any further embarrassment . 
Detrex Corp. said a reserve it is establishing to cover expected pollution cleanup costs at an Ohio plant reduced its third-quarter net income by $ 1.9 million . 
But it is at least worthy of some note that there are very few refrigerators in Antarctica . 
Although ARCO 's head office , more than 300 miles from the epicenter , was n't affected by this week 's tremors , Ms. Masaki-Schatz used the occasion to distribute a three-page memo of `` Earthquake Tips '' to 1,200 ARCO employees . 
Mr. Zayadi was previously president and chief operating officer of Zellers Inc. , a retail chain that is owned by Toronto-based Hudson 's Bay Co. , Canada 's largest department store operator . 
The NBC network canceled its first new series of the fall TV season , killing Mel Brooks 's wacky hotel comedy `` The Nutt House . '' 
Time magazine , for example , has more than 100 separate editions going to different regions , top management , and other groups . 
One DEA agent drew up a list of five options for dealing with Col. Noriega , one of which was assassination . 
The Shreveport , La. , natural gas company said the charges , though partially offset by a one-time gain from the offering , will result in a full-year after-tax loss . 
I ca n't even say I made my own mistakes . 
The revival of the real estate mortgage investment conduit market reflected the relative calm in the mortgage market after two days of volatile trading . 
This film attempts to show a side rarely seen in our media . 
In recent months a group of lenders , led by Bank of America , has extended Control Data up to $ 90 million in revolving loans through January , as well as $ 115 million in standby letters of credit . 
Two years later , Mrs. Aquino 's promise remains largely unfulfilled . 
While many of these buildings sustained heavy damage , little of that involved major structural damage . 
The stock split four-for-one on Oct. 10 . 
First Interstate took a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank . 
`` Obviously , we are looking at making economies across the board . '' 
`` This is n't a distress sale . 
Originally the department had reported the August decline as 5 % . 
The chimney is a pile of bricks on the front lawn . 
Thursday 's edition misstated the narrowing . 
For example , `` no load '' mutual funds remain a favorite with investors because they do n't carry a frontend sales commission . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 30 through Nov. 2 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Monday . 
Until the baby-faced heroes of today reclaim these ballparks for spring training , there is one more . 
Evidence now is emerging that the p53 suppressor gene is involved in other cancers , too . 
But ZBB did not involve the strategic planners in the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and therefore degenerated into a bean-counting drill driven by budget politics . 
The prices of most livestock futures contracts had dropped sharply Monday . 
But though `` people in town may ask why Guber needs Peters , it 's good to have a partner , and obviously the chemistry works , '' says Steven Tisch , a producer who once worked for Mr. Guber . 
Mr. Dinkins 's inner circle of advisers appears to include both ideologues and pragmatists , leaving voters with little clue as to who will be more influential . 
Reprinted by permission . 
Judge Robert ( `` Maximum Bob '' ) Potter sentenced Jim Bakker to 45 years in the big house yesterday , while a Beverly Hills judge tucked away Zsa Zsa Gabor for three days , plus 120 hours of work with homeless women . 
Despite a history of heated local debate on the topic , my passport clearly reads `` British citizen . '' 
The number of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange that fell in price yesterday exceeded 1,000 , a key measure of underlying sentiment among technical analysts . 
Many takeover-related stocks rose after news that a group obtained financing commitments for the proposed buy-out of American Medical International Inc . 
In addition , investors ' desire to hold stocks -- directly and through mutual funds -- has held surprisingly steady ; stocks ' importance among assets largely reflects the ups and downs of the stock market , and not a shift in stock-holding preferences . 
Detroit tries to counter the foreign invasion with new brands of its own . 
`` Total merchant banking exposures are in excess of the firm 's equity . 
Still others are looking at overseas markets . 
Duty-free shops in Leningrad 's Pulkova Airport opened in July , and hard-currency shops in Leningrad hotels and on the Soviet-Finnish frontier are coming soon . 
The second hotel , to be called the Budapest Hotel , is to be constructed at a site even closer to Red Square . 
It arrived just as the regulator handling such operations was retiring . 
The problem has been particularly damaging to the OTC market , traditionally a base for the small investor . 
Investors celebrated the second anniversary of Black Monday with a buying spree in both stocks and bonds . 
The seemingly mundane action , which was opposed by the Securities Industry Association , a trade group , has important implications for banks ' recent entry into the underwriting of corporate securities . 
Separately , the House last night approved a nearly $ 67 billion compromise spending bill providing the first construction funds for the administration 's ambitious space station in fiscal 1990 and incorporating far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
Outlays for the month totaled $ 105.39 billion , up from $ 87.57 billion a year earlier . 
Charles Nathan , co-head of mergers and acquisitions at Salomon Brothers Inc. , says it is natural for banks to try to expand beyond their bread-and-butter business of providing senior debt for buy-outs . 
Phillip Brannon of Merrill Lynch Capital Markets added : `` You do n't want to minimize this and say nobody is looking at it . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index soared 7.52 , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 , its highest one-day jump in points this year . 
`` If you want to be a player , you have to be in America , Europe and the Far East . 
But it Mr. Dozen 's experience as a salesman that enabled him to gain the political support -- particularly from the retail sales force -- to accede to the presidency . 
By contrast , an investor in stocks must put up 50 % in cash . 
The concept may be simple : Take a bunch of loans , tie them up in one neat package , and sell pieces of the package to investors . 
On Monday , traders noted that some investors took profits against the backdrop of the Nikkei 's fast-paced recovery following its plunge last Monday in reaction to the Oct. 13 drop in New York stock prices . 
She retains her duties of human-resources director . 
After the restructuring of Waertsilae Marine and bolstered by state loan guarantees , two big bank creditors , Union Bank of Finland and state-controlled Postipankki , resumed lending the shipyard working capital . 
An emerging understanding of the genes is expected to produce an array of new strategies for future cancer treatment and prevention . 
The slowdown also results from chronic energy and raw-materials shortages that force many factories to restrict operations to two or three days a week . 
The largest purchase was by Dudley Taft , who bought 4,400 shares for $ 125,075 . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. also has begun to gain share in the whole computer-integrated-manufacturing arena . 
-- Football player , class unspecified . 
Wheat futures prices fell , however , at least partly in reaction to the rumored selling of futures contracts equal to several million bushels of wheat by commodity speculator Richard Dennis . 
The recently revived enthusiasm among small investors for stock mutual funds has been damped by a jittery stock market and the tumult over program trading . 
Peter Kutney sold 5,000 shares , all of his holdings , for $ 11.38 a share , or $ 56,900 . 
Bond prices posted strong gains as investors went on a bargain hunt . 
It 's known for its cautiousness in part because it has had little need for bold overseas ventures : In the year ended March 31 , 57.4 % of its total revenue came from office building management . 
Microsoft , battered by profit taking in recent sessions , sank as much as 4 ; but it finished at 80 7\/8 , down 2 1\/4 on volume of one million shares . 
`` The probability of converting a non-user to your brand is about three in 1,000 , '' says Tony Adams , the company 's vice president for marketing research . 
Novell , a computer networking concern , fell 1 1\/2 to 30 on 152,000 shares . 
The Canadian government auctioned 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 637.5 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 15 , 1994 . 
Ordinarily the electrolysis , or breakup , of the water would consume almost all of the electrical energy . 
A $ 67 billion spending bill was approved by House-Senate conferees that includes major provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
The machinists previously had shown themselves to be an ally to Mr. Wolf , but he lost much of his credibility with that group when he teamed up with the pilot union . 
In August , Mr. Lewis pleaded guilty to three felony counts . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
On second thought , make that just mom . 
Administration officials said a date for Ms. Hesse 's departure has n't been set . 
\*\* Year ago figure is restated . 
The strategy boosts current yield by putting more bonds into the portfolio . 
He recommends such blue-chip growth stalwarts as Philip Morris , PepsiCo , CPC International , Reebok International , and Limited Inc . 
The cost of a 900 call is set by the originator -- ABC Sports , for example -- with the cheapest starting at 75 cents . 
They persuaded Mr. Trotter to take it back and , with the help of the FBI , taped their conversation with him . 
Football is the No. 1 thing here '' . 
`` People hate to write , '' he says . 
When it comes to busting ghosts , the Monroe , Conn. , couple are perfect demons . 
Bricktop , another American black woman who found a measure of fame in Paris , said : `` I do n't think I 've ever known anyone with a less complicated view of life , or whose life was more complicated than Josephine 's . '' 
On economic consequences of a diminished U.S. presence : `` America is the only major power in recent history that has used its military might to sustain a system that enables all participants to equally benefit without her as the provider of the security taking royalties . '' 
Paramount , which agreed to sell the unit in July , said it would realize net proceeds from the sale of $ 2.6 billion , with an after-tax gain of $ 1.2 billion . 
Mobil is preparing to slash its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , sources said . 
Most oil companies , including Mobil , have been reporting lower third-quarter earnings , largely as a result of lower earnings from chemicals as well as refining and marketing businesses . 
But in affidavits filed yesterday in the Los Angeles court , Mr. Ross , Warner Bros. Chairman Robert Daly and President Semel deny that such an oral agreement was ever made . 
The three managing general partners would receive a `` significant '' number of Marsh & McLennan shares , said Walther L. Kiep , a partner who would also join Marsh & McLennan 's board . 
Those viewers find the show confusing . 
Separately , Chemical confirmed that it took an undisclosed charge in the second quarter for losses on forward-rate agreements involving foreign currency written by its branch in Frankfurt , West Germany . 
Last year 's net loss of $ 3,524,000 included a benefit of $ 1,640,000 from an accounting change . 
`` We 'll never have a big operation in the U.S. , and they 'll never have one as big as us in the Pacific , '' Mr. Eddington says . 
The Pentagon has led the charge , particularly as military alliances spread world-wide . 
The deposits that have been transferred to other subsidiaries are now under the jurisdiction of the bankruptcy court . 
African art was in vogue and some intellectuals were writing breathlessly of a dawning age to be inspired by blacks . 
It unfortunately encourages others to engage in a highly dangerous and illegal activity that only a very few are doing now . 
Major injuries were n't reported at Candlestick Park , where the third game of baseball 's World Series was canceled and fans evacuated from the stadium . 
The ministers , concluding a two-day meeting in southern Portugal , welcomed Moscow 's pledges to cut its military forces , but urged the Soviets to do more to slash short-range nuclear weapons . 
Only three of the 25 corporate pension fund managers attending a Lowry Consulting Group client conference say they plan to change the asset allocation mix in their portfolios because of the market drop . 
A toxic-waste-dump fire destroyed part of an interstate highway this summer . 
A Zimbabwean delegate argued that the ban would `` guarantee the extinction of the elephant . '' 
The index of smaller banks improved 1.97 . 
The economy would be thrown open to numerous types of ownership between now and 1992 , including factories leased by workers or owned by shareholders , cooperatives and joint ventures . 
Pearl Group rose 5 to 628 , and Sun Life finished unchanged at # 10.98 . 
A group of investors led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Burt Sugarman , said it filed with federal antitrust regulators for clearance to buy more than 50 % of the stock of Rally 's Inc. , a fast-food company based in Louisville , Ky . 
But Mr. Rose is still looking seriously at the 9000 . 
The bank 's Third World debt portfolio totals $ 560 million , down from $ 2.2 billion at the end of 1986 . 
Maxicare , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 16 , has total debt of $ 750 million . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Mr. Garcia acknowledges the problem and says the Asset Trust will study why the bidding failed and what changes the agency may be able to offer . 
But it does that at the cost of deepening the taxpayer 's exposure if the FHA is forced to pay for more loans going sour . 
Mr. Bixby said that early signs point to improved earnings and revenue in the first quarter of fiscal 1990 . 
The National Taxpayers Union would like Congress to add 800,000 acres to the 453,000 of shoreline in the system by enacting `` The Coastal Barrier Improvement Act of 1989 . '' 
Other lawmakers are busy trying to revive the recently lapsed Paperwork Reduction Act , which many feel benefited small enterprises . 
Alarmed councilors say the project could jeopardize costly efforts to stop , or slow down , the subsidence that makes Venice subject to regular and destructive flooding . 
At Nynex , net slumped 14.8 % , primarily because of a continuing strike by 60,000 employees , lower-than-expected profit at its New York Telephone unit and significantly higher taxes and costs . 
The mass-market Aziza brand , which it acquired in 1987 along with Chesebrough-Pond 's Inc. , has lost share , according to industry analysts . 
`` Putting those times on the calendar , '' she says , `` is as important as remembering business appointments . '' 
Junk bond price climbed yesterday despite skittishness in the new-issue market for high-yield securities . 
Advancing OTC stocks outpaced decliners by 1,120 to 806 . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- 
TRANSAMERICA CORP. , San Francisco , financial services and insurance company , annual sales of $ 7.9 billion , NYSE , said its headquarters , the well-known downtown pyramid-shaped building , was intact but closed yesterday . 
The pay 's the same , and the duty 's lighter . 
But at a critical moment , stock-index arbitrage traders showed their power and control . 
One she made into a topiary rec room , replete with plants shaped into a Barcalounger , TV , piano and chairs . 
The bills are dated Oct. 31 and mature Dec. 21 , 1989 . 
Revenue last year increased by more than 11 % over 1988 , and net income nearly tripled from restated year-earlier net of $ 900 million . 
Much of the instability in stock prices lately has been blamed on arbitrage trading , designed to profit from differences in prices between stocks and index futures . 
`` I did n't even know that a company in a socialistic country could file for bankruptcy . '' 
France will propose a slightly watered-down version of the charter to be discussed by EC social-affairs ministers on Monday , officials said . 
But the shortages also spawned rampant speculation and spiraling prices . 
Mr. Cane stresses that he is n't using the telephone to lure clients to his doorstep . 
While KKR does n't control SCI TV which is unusual for a KKR investment -- it clearly has much deeper pockets than Mr. Gillett . 
Why is he cashing in now ? 
In what is believed to be the first cancellation of a loan to China since the June 4 killings in Beijing , an international bank syndicate has terminated a $ 55 million credit for a Shanghai property project . 
USX 's profit dropped 23 % in the third quarter as improved oil results failed to offset weakness in the firm 's steel and natural gas operations . 
This leads to a very special sense of urgency . 
`` As this is now a litigation matter , we have no further comment . '' 
`` Everybody 's confused and no one has an opinion that lasts longer than 30 seconds , '' said Mr. Zipper . 
But Nora and Malcolm feel trapped . 
But first on the list of priorities , says the National Federation of Independent Business , is to prohibit state laws requiring the inclusion of specialty items , such as psychiatric care , in basic health plans . 
Other stocks hurt by earnings-related selling included Tandy , which dropped 1 3\/8 to 44 , and Eaton , which retreated 2 1\/2 to 57 1\/2 . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose to 7.56 % from 7.51 % Wednesday , while the rate on six-month bills rose to 7.57 % from 7.53 % . 
The topic never comes up in ozonedepletion `` establishment '' meetings , of which I have attended many . 
Few American officials were willing any longer to defend him . 
Exxon has made them before , at which point the state demonstrated they were untrue . 
Rex Tremendae 
-- Daisy Brown . 
A Lufthansa spokeswoman in Tokyo said the head of Lufthansa 's cargo operations had been in Toyko last week for talks with JAL . 
Taking into account nonrecurring gains and losses , Hachette 's group net income for the first six months of this year totaled 246.6 million francs , practically double the year-earlier figure of 124.5 million francs . 
When `` The Homecoming '' was first produced on this side of the Atlantic , actors and directors were reverential . 
That has n't generated much sales , but this summer Microsoft rallied all the major NEC competitors to make their new machines compatible with the IBM OS\/2 standard . 
Lawyers in Miami -- this time working virtually without impediment -- prepared to have him indicted on drug charges in February 1988 . 
Unlike most of the other retailers mentioned in the story , Jos. A. Bank Clothiers Inc. is not in serious financial problems . 
Denver-based U S West said net income dropped 8.9 % , noting that the year-ago quarter included the sale of a building by its BetaWest Properties unit . 
`` Everybody was afraid of him , '' Mr. Ingersoll says . 
The administration proposed only $ 57 million in so-called economic support funds for Costa Rica this year , down from the $ 90 million the U.S. provided last year . 
EAST GERMANS RALLIED in three cities to demand democratic freedoms . 
They add that the Fed has allowed the key federal funds interest rate to dip to about 8 5\/8 % from its levels of just below 9 % last week . 
ITT Financial is a subsidiary of ITT Corp . 
At present , doctors can see how badly an artery is clogged only by inserting a thin catheter into the artery and injecting a fluid that makes the arteries visible on X-rays . 
`` Big business , '' Mr. Pawlowski snorts in English . 
Industry sources said they expect a fierce battle to emerge between TransCanada , which has a monopoly on Canadian gas transportation east of Alberta , and Nova and Westcoast , which control the pipelines within and running west of Alberta , respectively . 
`` The '86 act was a fluke . 
`` One lady from New York said she 's not going home until the { World Series } is over . '' 
Strong sales so far this year are certain to turn the tide , but even the 25 % market share that Nissan expects in 1989 will leave it far below its position at the beginning of the decade . 
Buyers have to rely on a supplier `` continually upgrading and replacing the product , '' he says . 
Treasury officials say the Costa Rican agreement demonstrates that the Brady debt plan can benefit small debtor countries as well as big debtors , such as Mexico . 
The offering , Series 107 , is backed by Freddie Mac 15-year , 9 % securities , and brings Freddie Mac 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 32.8 billion and its total volume to $ 46.8 billion since the program began in February 1988 . 
In particular , the prices of gold and other precious-metals stocks shoot up and down , but the stocks tend to have low betas because their moves are not market-inspired . 
It cited cyclical conditions in its Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and D&B Plan Services units . 
He visits the same department every two or three weeks . 
Sovran also named John B. Werner a vice chairman of the parent company and the unit and elected him to the newly created position of chief credit officer of Sovran Financial , increasing the number of corporate board members to 35 . 
Yet another political scandal is racking Japan . 
That facility should reopen today . 
Conservatives pushing for a line-item veto now , he notes , may regret it later : `` Sometime , you 're going to have a Democratic president again '' who 'll use his expanded powers against those very same conservatives . 
But he said a system such as IBM 's should help significantly . 
`` We put a price on the deal that the market required to get it done . '' 
Today , Morgenzon is a town of 800 whites and two paved roads . 
From 1987 to 1988 , the value of Chemical 's option contracts outstanding mushroomed to $ 37 billion from $ 17 billion . 
Separately , Esselte Business Systems reported third-quarter net income fell 5.9 % to $ 9.5 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 10.1 million , or 49 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
The company gained shareholder approval Thursday to restructure in a bid to fend off the hostile takeover . 
'' So much for survival of the fittest . 
A veteran of another financial crisis , the savings-and-loan bailout , Mr. Breeden wants to have the SEC regulate securities issued by banks and S&Ls . 
According to the study , slightly more than 34 % of those surveyed reported having at least one housing problem every year for which they had no legal help . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Dealers said fresh buying was drawn into Jaguar after a senior executive of Daimler-Benz , the auto maker , told a British television interviewer during the weekend that the West German company held talks with the luxury auto maker over possible joint ventures . 
The other is Friday 's measure of October employment , an indicator of the broader economy 's health . 
3 . In deciding whether forfeiture ( and , hence , a TRO ) is appropriate , the Section will consider the nature and severity of the offense ; the government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . 
One engineer developed a `` crab car '' that moves sideways . 
Felix Siemienas is destroying it now . 
Texas Rep. Steve Bartlett , who has 40,000 American Airlines workers in his district , says the bill is `` good politics , but bad law . '' 
Characteristically , he did n't waste much time getting started . 
No one in the Senate is considering the capital-gains plan passed by the House . 
They were what he called an `` unlawful termination '' by MGM\/UA of the acquisition agreement with Qintex , high Australian interest rates , a pilots ' strike at Australian domestic airlines that cut revenue at the company 's Australian resorts and delays in completing a sale of two regional TV stations in Queensland state . 
A strong challenge from the far left , the Communist coalition Izquierda Unida , failed to topple him . 
The purchase strengthens San Jose , Calif.-based Businessland 's links to the large corporations who are among the biggest buyers of computers . 
But experts say that when it comes to distressed properties , finding diamonds in the rough is n't easy . 
American Medical is being acquired . 
SsangYong , which has only about 3 % of the domestic market , will sell about 18,000 of its models this year , twice as many as last year . 
`` The competition is so intense that an owner 's loyalty to a dealership or a car is virtually nonexistent , '' says Mr. Negas , vice president of Ed Voyles Oldsmobile , one of the first dealerships to locate on the strip . 
It struck me as a way to get back to what I really want to do . '' 
Credit support will be provided by a letter of credit facility from Credit Suisse in favor of the trustee , Fuji Bank & Trust Co. , for the benefit of the certificate holders . 
About $ 550 million of long-term debt is affected , according to Moody 's . 
Yet Mr. McDuffie 's career has developed at a slower pace than those of some of his better known contemporaries . 
It was therefore not surprising that close allies of the U.S. , virtually neglected by the Bush administration , ordered the Nicaraguan insurgents dismantled by December , long before the elections . 
Gen. Scowcroft knows as well as anyone that one of the biggest dangers he faces is that NSC staffers working in relative anonymity will take over policy-making and operational tasks that are best left to bigger and more experienced State Department and Pentagon bureaus . 
But the Memphis , Tenn. , facility was n't to begin turning out product until 1993 , so the decision may reveal a more pessimistic long-term outlook as well . 
But so far , most potential participants have n't decided . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : 
Although officials of the savings and loan , a unit of Great Western Financial Corp. , used some of their new plans and equipment during this week 's quake , they still lost touch for more than 24 hours with 15 branches in the affected areas , not knowing if employees were injured or vaults were broken open . 
It is n't known whether the pilot claim was figured into either plan . 
But because the growth of the German economy has been stronger than expected , Mr. Mulford said , it 's difficult for the U.S. to argue that Germany ought to adopt more stimulative monetary and fiscal policies . 
He believes those defenses might well apply to the Bay Bridge collapse . 
But , he added , interest-rate-sensitive stocks in general are stalled . 
The latter two and Judge Daniel M. Friedman , 73 , are approaching senior status or retirement . 
In 1988 , Chugai had net income of $ 60 million on revenue of $ 991 million . 
The man went back and spoke to the desk clerk : `` That sign is wrong , '' he said . 
But now the companies are getting into trouble because they undertook a record expansion program while they were raising prices sharply . 
About 25 adjusters were dispatched yesterday afternoon , along with laptop computers , cellular phones and blank checks . 
The consumer-products and light-industrial sectors are bearing the brunt of China 's austerity measures , and foreign companies such as Givaudan that deal with those industries are being hit the hardest . 
Last year , earnings of the combined companies did n't cover debt service and Pinkerton 's was forced to borrow $ 20 million of subordinated debt . 
Dean Steinkuhler , a spectacularly bulked-up former lineman , confesses that he used 'em , and says other Huskers did too . 
U.S. companies account for less than 8 % of the 1,000 or more Soviet joint ventures that have been announced since the Soviets began encouraging such undertakings in 1987 . 
The ministry said the swap , details of which were disclosed last Thursday , will allow both state-controlled companies to reinforce operations in their main markets and argued that the move shows the dynamism of France 's state-sector concerns . 
Its parking lot is inconvenient , the MGM lion's-head logo still appears in places , and customers still call it the Grand , rather than the Bally Grand . 
Nobody is sure what will come next in Somalia or whom the successor might be . 
This will add to the appeal of small business , he says , where investors often have a degree of influence . 
The split and quarterly dividend will be payable Jan. 3 to stock of record Nov. 16 , the company said . 
Hoping to stay ahead of the pack , the company is emphasizing innovation . 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- $ 70,315,000 of pollution control revenue Alternative Minimum Tax ( AMT ) bonds ( South Texas Project Units No. 1 and 2 ) , via a Goldman Sachs group . 
Then , says Dr. Levy , `` she woke up paralyzed . '' 
Its earnings can rise 10 % to 12 % annually simply from the natural turnover of tenants and automatic rent increases , says Graeme McDonald , an industry analyst at James Capel Pacific Ltd . 
In addition , power failures prevented its package-sorting facilities from operating , causing delays . 
`` There 's very little upside to sterling , '' Mr. Roberts says , but he adds that near-term losses may be small because the selling wave that followed Mr. Major 's appointment apparently has run its course . 
The adjustments reflect the increase in the consumer price index for urban wage earners and clerical workers from the third quarter of last year to the third quarter of this year . 
Also , the broker-dealer subsidiary , Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , was renamed Royal Alliance Associates Inc . 
Western Union took steps to withdraw a $ 500 million debt swap , citing turmoil in the junk bond market . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.72 , unchanged ; spot index 129.97 , off 0.19 . 
He could n't be reached and a company spokesman would n't comment on the dismissal . 
The product , developed by Desktop Data Corp. , a new company based in Waltham , Mass. , scans the wires looking for articles that contain key words specified by the user . 
The company expects to work a ship due in today with minimal delays , despite sporadic power . 
Manufacturers have survived the turmoil in China largely unscathed . 
Sales to Compaq represented 26 % of Conner 's business in its third quarter , compared with 42 % in the year-ago period . 
Mr. Orr could n't be reached for comment yesterday . 
They were the signature of his adversary , Panamanian leader Manuel Antonio Noriega . 
`` The work was done properly , '' he said . 
Trial and Terror 
John Sculley , chairman and chief executive officer , credited the Macintosh SE\/30 and IIcx computers , introduced in the winter , for the brightened sales performance . 
But for brain tests , the unwieldy machines `` would have required patients to stand on their heads , '' says Reginald Bickford , a researcher at the University of California at San Diego . 
`` Why should I bother with something that 's an unknown for a very small pickup in yield ? '' he said . 
GM and Ford are expected to go head to head in the markets to buy up rival 15 % stakes in Jaguar . 
`` We now see pro-choice legislators going on the offensive for the first time , '' says Kate Michelman , executive director of the group . 
The athletic footwear maker said net rose to $ 49.9 million , or 44 cents a share , from $ 37.1 million , or 32 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. said it sold its wall-paneling business to an affiliate of one of Indonesia 's largest wood-products firms . 
Mr. Windsor notified Everett E. Briggs , the U.S. ambassador to Panama , of the invitation . 
Failures in seven of nine regional areas fell more than 10 % in the nine months . 
Eastman Kodak Co. , seeking to position itself in the potentially huge high-definition television market , unveiled a converter that can transform conventional motion-picture film into high-definition video . 
The city 's Department of Consumer Affairs charged Newmark & Lewis Inc. with failing to deliver on its promise of lowering prices . 
An examination of changes in personal staffing decisions in the Senate between 1986 and 1987 ( when control of that body changed party hands ) , moreover , reveals that the personal staffing differences noted in the table can not be attributed to the disproportionate control Democrats exercise , due to their majority-party status , over other resources such as committee staff . 
Here , wedged between shifting dunes and pounding waves at the world 's most inhospitable diamond dig , lies the earth 's most precious jewel box . 
As of June 30 , it had settled only about 15,000 of the 81,000 received claims from asbestos victims , for an average of $ 40,424 each . 
GE Capital said Commercial Federal Savings will continue to market Visa and MasterCard programs while Monogram provides `` operational and marketing support '' and actually owns the accounts . 
Dollar : 142.75 yen , up 0.95 ; 1.8667 marks , off 0.0018 . 
So owners have developed a `` code of ethics , '' outlining rules for consultants and agents , and disclosure of fees and any conflicts of interest . 
That and other fancy gizmos may cost thousands , but simple voice-activated tape recorders sell for as little as $ 70 at electronics stores like Radio Shack . 
A number of agencies , including Thompson and Foote , Cone & Belding , said some employees who live outside of San Francisco , fearful that they would n't be able to get home , spent the night at the agency . 
The 1988 tax act created a federal bill of rights spelling out IRS duties to protect taxpayers ' rights in the assessment and collection of taxes . 
Moreover , just as vodka has acquired an upscale image in the U.S. , bourbon has become fashionable in many foreign countries , a uniquely American product tied to frontier folklore . 
This is keeping the gold traders handcuffed . '' 
Analysts said those estimates -- which range from about $ 1.80 a share to $ 1.95 a share -- are based on Fantasy being in operation in 1990 . 
Two of the directors resigned , Mr. Skase said , so the payments have n't yet been approved . 
The preferential treatment even applies to awarding small contracts under $ 25,000 and consulting and temporary services -- which often go to the smaller concerns . 
In major market activity : 
Where do Americans put their money ? 
Despite the drop in prices for thoroughbreds , owning one still is n't cheap . 
Among the provisions : Fiscal-year taxpayers with returns due last Monday wo n't be penalized if they file -- or request an extension -- and pay tax due by Nov. 15 . 
Northrop said sales fell because of the decline in B-2 development dollars from the government as the plane continues its initial production stage and because fewer F\/A-18 fighter sections are being produced in its subcontract work with prime contractor McDonnell Douglas Corp . 
In the 1989 period also , interest expense and tax rates were lower than a year ago . 
Breaking into the raucous Chicago Bears-Cleveland Browns match during last week 's Monday night football game , it was nothing but simple block letters superimposed on the TV screen . 
If he follows the correct path , he may be able to look back on this election as the high-water mark of far-left opposition . 
And now , at the crucial moment , he 's running out of money . 
Foreigners would receive greater incentives to invest in the U.S.S.R. 
Still , complete and total segregation remains elusive . 
It also awarded $ 196,785 in back bonuses to former trader Michael Newcomb and $ 69,105 in fees to the two men 's attorneys . 
It 's amazing how one second can so completely change your life . 
Any selling , they say , should be well thought-out , and executed gradually , during market rallies . 
If , by that time , the network reaches 14 million homes , the contract will be renewed for five more years . 
`` Nothing traded on Friday , and people were n't really sure where the market should have opened '' yesterday , said Raymond Minella , co-head of merchant banking at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
The offering was for about 2.8 million shares of the data storage equipment maker ; more than 2.2 million shares changed hands after trading began . 
The stock market , after all , represents the collective expectations about the value of the future income stream of the nation 's capital stock , discounted to present value . 
However , HomeFed 's loan originations and purchases plunged 26 % in the quarter , to $ 1.4 billion from $ 1.9 billion a year earlier . 
To make skiing more convenient for time-strapped visitors , several resorts are buying or starting their own travel agencies . 
United Airlines , the largest carrier at San Francisco , was operating only 50 % of its scheduled service in and out of the area because of damage to its terminal , which in turn was causing delays for travelers headed to the Bay area . 
It prompted an IRS study that found many sellers were concealing income and treating large amounts of nondeductible travel and other personal expenses as business costs , Mr. Washburn says . 
The Chicago office figured prominently in the bank 's problems earlier this year , when $ 65 million in loans to Chicago businessman William Stoecker went sour . 
Sales of its Tide detergent soared earlier this year , for example , after P&G introduced a version that includes a bleach safe for all colors and fabrics . 
`` They always seem to come a bit later than you expect . 
October 's numbers , which wo n't be released for a month , are down further , mutual fund executives say . 
As many of these jobs are filled by local residents , who move from the welfare rolls to the tax rolls , the $ 2,500-per-job public investment should repay itself in a few years . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
The coating segment also posted higher sales particularly in North America and Europe . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
But with local investors shaken by China 's political and economic turmoil , she says , a genuine recovery may not arrive until Hong Kong can prove itself secure under Chinese sovereignty . 
Soldiers and sailors are still measured in inches and pounds . 
He also had to fight harder for credibility than his partner did . 
Indeed , some investment bankers have already started restructuring deals to cope with the expected rules . 
But those who said `` This ca n't be happening '' were right . 
The 235 general-purpose funds increased $ 2.53 billion to $ 116.56 billion , while 96 broker-dealer funds increased $ 1.3 billion to $ 154.05 billion . 
In a report on China 's foundering economy , the official State Statistical Bureau disclosed that industrial output last month rose 0.9 % from a year earlier - the lowest growth rate in a decade for September . 
Foreign traders also say many of China 's big infrastructural projects have been canceled or postponed because of the squeeze on domestic and foreign credit . 
Using reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , chips made by Intergraph of Huntsville , Ala. , the system splits the image it `` sees '' into 20 digital representations , each processed by one chip . 
`` He 's in a vulnerable position because he has n't established much credibility on his own , '' says Bryan Jacoboski , a securities analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
After years of mistrust born of Watergate , past misdeeds of the Central Intelligence Agency , and the Iran-Contra scandal , President Bush and the Senate Intelligence Committee appear ready -- for now , at least -- to trust each other when it comes to setting policy on covert activities . 
Mr. Lawson 's speech , delivered at the Lord Mayor of London 's annual dinner at Mansion House , came on the heels of a grueling period for the U.K. economy . 
So many people fudge on answers about exercise , the president 's council now uses specific criteria to determine what is considered vigorous : It must produce contractions of large muscle groups , must achieve 60 % of maximum aerobic capacity and must be done three or more times a week for a minimum of 20 minutes . 
There is a huge divide between Mr. Allen 's we're-all-in-this-together view and the divisive litigation approach of the civil rights groups . 
125 million Australian dollars of zero-coupon Eurobonds due Dec. 12 , 1994 , priced at 50.9375 to yield 15.06 % less fees via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
The Hastings , Mich. , concern makes piston rings , filters and fuel pumps . 
Yet clearly , modernization must embrace its key industries before it can be said to have caught the `` privatization bug . '' 
Shippers surveyed recently by Ohio State University said they expect their freight-transport , storage and distribution costs to rise about 4 % this year . 
Each has an equal vote at the monthly meetings . 
The public has a tendency to equate lawful demonstrations with non-violent civil disobedience . 
The bank had been suffering in late 1987 from a slew of bad real estate loans made in Arizona . 
Engineers first used concrete blocks to bolster the barrier , but the ocean tossed them aside like driftwood . 
Merck & Co. reported a 25 % increase in earnings ; Warner-Lambert Co. 's profit rose 22 % and Eli Lilly & Co. 's net income rose 24 % . 
For the nine months , Boeing 's net increased 36 % to $ 598 million , or $ 2.60 a share , from $ 440 million , or $ 1.92 a share . 
For several months , there was optimism all around . 
Among other actual and rumored targets , Woolworth rose 1 1\/4 to 60 1\/2 , Upjohn went up 1 1\/8 to 39 3\/4 , Armstrong World Industries gained 1 to 40 1\/8 and Kollmorgen rose 3\/4 to 13 7\/8 . 
The offering , Series 104 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 % securities . 
Daffynition 
`` In a downward market , bonds act better , '' he said . 
`` They look the same . 
A Western Union spokesman , citing adverse developments in the market for high-yield `` junk '' bonds , declined to say what alternatives are under consideration . 
That 's about half the price of comparably equipped IBM mainframes . 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 103 a share , up just $ 1 in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as the market surged . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which fell 15.82 points Friday , was down 5.16 points , or 0.19 % , at 2676.60 . 
Neither has plans to be a market maker for now . 
Grains And Soybeans 
Another federal examiner , John Meek , said Lincoln 's principal owner , Charles Keating Jr. , and his family drew off at least $ 34 million from the thrift in salaries , bonuses and proceeds from securities sales in the 3 1\/2 years before federal authorities seized it earlier this year . 
Anheuser said it 's discounting policy basically would involve matching such moves by rivals on a market-by-market basis . 
It 's one more for the baseball-loving lawyers , accountants and real estate developers who ponied up about $ 1 million each for the chance to be an owner , to step into the shoes of a Gene Autry or have a beer with Rollie Fingers . 
Mr. Carver says that at a recent Dain-sponsored conference in New York , he asked Michael 's chief executive officer if the fourth quarter would be down . 
So far no one has . 
In particular , advisers say , investors may want to look at securities that reduce the risk that CD holders are confronting right now , of having to reinvest the proceeds of maturing short-term certificates at lower rates . 
But in the second quarter , Salomon posted a record $ 253 million net on revenue of $ 2.33 billion . 
Prior to the ruling the federal government had regulated only the telephone companies in Quebec , Ontario , British Columbia and the Northwest Territories . 
But Mr. Phillips recently freed himself up to spend more time with clients by delegating much of his administrative work to a deputy . 
LAWYERS IN Texas 's biggest bank-fraud case want out in face of retrial . 
`` That must start with cutting the federal budget deficit . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Loral closed at $ 33.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
Provigo 's profit record over the past two years tarnished the company 's and Mr. Lortie 's reputations . 
Non-interest income fell slightly to $ 191.9 million from $ 193.3 million , while Wells Fargo continued to rigorously control non-interest expense , which was almost flat at $ 393.4 million . 
Douglas Jones , an attorney representing Richard O. Kelly Sr. , the chairman and president of Capital Trust , says his client denies that there was any attempt to defraud investors . 
People had died . 
Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. and Omron Tateisi Electronics are involved with Toto 's new product , which will go on the market in about two years time . 
Some analysts also were disturbed by a pickup in the growth of business inventories . 
The Dallas Cowboys are looking at a long-yardage situation , struggling to pull ahead of the Atlanta Falcons . 
Older people help profits by filling in `` downtime . '' 
Some service boats recently were auctioned for about $ 1.7 million each , up from less than $ 1 million two years ago . 
Furthermore , the regulatory maneuvering behind First Interstate 's loss suggests regulators have concluded that lenders ' reserves are far too low to absorb their future Arizona losses and are forcing bankers to do something about it . 
While his public statements have at times been confusing , Mr. Dinkins 's position papers have more consistently reflected anti-development sentiment . 
In May 1988 , an ammonium perchlorate plant in Henderson owned by an American Pacific Corp. unit was leveled by a series of explosions . 
Congress sent President Bush an $ 18.4 billion fiscal 1990 Treasury and Postal Service bill providing $ 5.5 billion for the Internal Revenue Service and increasing the Customs Service 's air-interdiction program nearly a third . 
`` It 's one thing to say you can sterilize , and another to then successfully pollinate the plant , '' he said . 
John Christie , a lawyer here for the two Chicago Title & Trust units accused the FTC of `` second-guessing '' state-level regulations , with which , he said , his clients had complied . 
On the Milan stock exchange , Nuovo Banco 's shares jumped to 4,830 lire each from 4,695 lire Friday . 
For the nine months , net increased 4.4 % to $ 2.08 billion , or $ 2.25 a share , from $ 2 billion , which included $ 273 million reflecting the effect of an accounting change . 
The station is promised $ 1.8 billion within the $ 5.36 billion provided for research and development in the National Aeronautics and Space Administration , and the nation 's high-speed aerospace plane -- cut by the Senate -- could receive as much as $ 60 million in new funds or transfers . 
As a result , both may now have virtual veto power over any UAL transaction . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
Therefore , they said , the money can be taken from the lawyers even after they are paid . 
Since last April , the investor has made seven so-called 13D filings in USAir , as he bought and sold the company 's stock . 
`` I 've been recruiting every single day since it 's been identified that many AIDS patients come from the inner city , '' she says . 
I can see both sides . '' 
This is the 11th consecutive quarter in which the company has paid shareholders an extra dividend of five cents . 
Foresight 
`` Lower yields are just reflecting lower short-term interest rates , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
The company said that residential traffic grew faster than business traffic and attributed that to its new PrimeTime calling plan that competes with American Telephone & Telegraph 's Reach Out America plan . 
The $ 17.2 billion total for the bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.2 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds approved by the House-Senate conference yesterday , and the rush of money is already provoking jealousy among states competing for assistance . 
The Dayton , Ohio , maker of parts for the building and transportation industries said holders of the two issues can convert their stock into common shares through the close of business Dec. 1 . 
Critics have complained that the law unfairly strips defendants of assets before a jury determines they have committed a crime and that aggressive use of the forfeiture provisions can ruin corporate defendants or force them into unfavorable plea bargains . 
'' None believe the proposed management LBOs will be easy to complete , especially at B. Altman & Co. , which is under Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection . 
Britain 's benchmark 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 2\/32 to 111 1\/2 to yield 10.14 % while the 11 3\/4 % notes due 1991 were unchanged at 98 21\/32 to yield 12.95 % . 
As he handed over the reins to successor Charles A. Corry , steel profits were close to a cyclical peak . 
Having been through several tornadoes and hurricanes , I have a different perspective . 
British government bonds surged on renewed volatility in the stock market . 
The fund is the nation 's largest public employee fund , and it has a growing cash flow now topping $ 3 billion a year . 
Undeterred , the BPCA hired Ms. Bartlett and another confessed garden ignoramus , the architect Alexander Cooper , who claimed he had never visited , much less built , a garden , and said of the project , `` I do n't view this as a landscape . 
All told , there are assets on the line valued at up to $ 1.03 billion . 
Seasonal factors are also expected to have taken their toll on September new-home sales , which are believed to have fallen sharply from August 's 755,000 units . 
`` It 's a severe case of regulatory whiplash , '' complains Henry Saveth of consultant A. Foster Higgins & Co . 
The firm has made 17 previous shifts from one type of asset to another in its 10-year history . 
The buy-back `` is really a comfort to those who want to buy the stock that there is a { price } floor , '' he said . 
Ogden Projects , which has interests in solid-waste recovery and hazardous-waste cleanup , said it has 13 facilities in operation , up from seven a year ago . 
But the words that boomed over the loudspeakers bore messages of peace , unity , negotiation and discipline . 
He warned that Fed efforts to conquer inflation would fail -- and could produce `` a major financial crunch '' -- unless they are accompanied by a significant reduction in the federal deficit , which causes the government to borrow heavily . 
The early soft lenses , which cost $ 300 a set , were expected to last for a year . 
`` Reports from branches are that there has been greater interest in the last day or so , '' said Steven Braitman , a vice president at Chemical Bank in New York . 
Stocks : Volume 135,860,000 shares . 
The British press , making a mountain out of a molehill , precipitated an unnecessary economic crisis by portraying Mrs. Thatcher as an autocrat who had thrown economic policy into confusion by driving a respected figure from her government . 
But the company said Friday that it had losses of $ 673.3 million through the first nine months , compared with earnings a year earlier of $ 382.2 million , or $ 2.22 a share fully diluted , as revenue inched up 1.4 % to $ 7.13 billion from $ 7.03 billion . 
The long-term outlook for the retail brokerage business is `` miserable , '' Mr. Ross declares . 
`` My assessment and everyone 's assessment is that we do not have the kinds of information that let us responsibly and effectively formulate and execute our budget , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
Also , debt holders would be offered an equity position in Leaseway , which in total would represent a controlling interest in the company . 
The price also includes assumption of about $ 1.4 billion in debt . 
4 . Impose standard accounting and administrative practices . 
International sales accounted for 47 % of total company sales for the nine months , compared with 50 % a year earlier . 
Sales of capital goods to foreign and domestic destinations increased 16.6 % in the January-June period from a year earlier . 
She 's trying to sell a $ 150 exercise bike she bought about five years ago for her roommate . 
Columbia also added $ 227.3 million to reserves for losses on the portfolio , increasing general reserves to $ 300 million , or about 6.7 % of the total portfolio , as of Sept. 30 . 
And Detroit 's Big Three auto makers say their systems are still under development . 
The Aga Khan owns 10 % of Ifint 's capital , while IFI owns 23 % . 
Aflatoxin is released by molds during grain and seed storage . 
For its future strategy , Columbia officials said the thrift may branch out into commercial lending or managing outside investments , as well as beefing up more traditional thrift activities . 
The USS Lexington returned to dock in Pensacola , Fla. , following an accident Sunday in which the pilot of a training jet crashed into the ship , killing five sailors . 
Statistics Canada said service-industry output in August rose 0.4 % from July . 
Sansui was late into the mini-component business and failed to branch into other new businesses . 
Michael Boskin , chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers , also will be a member . 
A spokesman said sales are expected to be hurt , but the losses are covered by insurance . 
Under current law , it is not financially rational to forgo consumption . 
`` We anticipate that steel market conditions will exhibit a further moderate decline in the fourth quarter as the automotive sector remains weak and customers continue to adjust inventories , '' said Bethlehem Chairman Walter F. Williams . 
He declined to elaborate . 
Officials also disclosed it 's possible that NEC may reduce domestic production of one-megabit chips to five million a month from six million , beginning January , because of deteriorating market prices . 
I suppose sooner or later , the Japanese would have to fill up a large part of the gap on the naval side . 
The yield on a group of 25 revenue bonds compiled by the Bond Buyer , a trade publication , now exceeds 7.50 % . 
Both Toshiba and NEC already produce hard-disk drives , and Sony also is studying the field , Mr. Claridge said . 
Paramount said Associates has about $ 14 billion in total assets , making it third-largest in terms of assets among independent finance companies in the U.S. . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.04 % two months ; 8.03 % three months ; 7.96 % six months ; 7.92 % one year . 
The takeover mania also adds to volatility . 
Although poison pills come in different colors and shapes , they usually give current shareholders the right to buy more stock of their corporation at a large discount if certain events occur -- typically , if a hostile bidder acquires more than a specified percentage of the corporation 's stock . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday . 
The jokes are n't just on the Japanese , though . 
Mr. Miller said costs of incentives caused a `` moderate '' loss in the Highland Park , Mich. , company 's North American car and truck business . 
TVS blames difficulties in peddling reruns of MTM shows to U.S. broadcasters for the problems at MTM . 
Shares closed sharply higher in London in the year 's thinnest volume Monday , supported largely by a technical bounce after last week 's sharp declines . 
The group , Mr. Wohlstetter said in an interview , wants to end the market 's wild price swings that critics blame on computer-aided program-trading strategies . 
That raised hopes that interest rates will continue to move lower . 
Ms. Malcolm , for example , wrote that Mr. Masson described himself as `` the greatest analyst who ever lived . '' 
The environmental services company said that the discontinuation of unsuccessful product lines and an increase in baddebt reserves probably will result in charges of $ 2.5 million to $ 4 million , most of which will be taken against third-quarter results . 
Mr. Gonzalez also has split with the left in reaffirming Spain 's NATO commitment and in renewing a defense treaty with the U.S. . 
New York State Comptroller Edward Regan predicts a $ 1.3 billion budget gap for the city 's next fiscal year , a gap that could grow if there is a recession . 
In Los Angeles , it 's important to catch people just after work . '' 
Mr. Doyle predicts a trend toward fewer pieces of home exercise equipment being sold at higher prices . 
The company reported a third-quarter loss and said it is holding talks with its bank lenders for an extension on some overdue debt payments . 
Some of the utility 's employees may opt for a four-day workweek , 10 hours a day , to cut the commute by 20 % . 
In September , Ashland settled the long-simmering dispute by agreeing to pay Iran $ 325 million . 
The bank acquiesced . 
No lawyers or tape recorders were present . 
`` They hesitate to market NEC-compatible machines ; NEC disapproves of such machines , and marketing one would jeopardize their relationship . '' 
Warner , which is in the process of merging with Time Warner Inc. , says it is willing to settle the matter out of court . 
And why not ? 
`` I 've had no problems performing my duties and responsibilities . '' 
The union has demanded a 37.6 % increase in the minimum wage while De Beers 's final offer was an increase of 17 % . 
The wholesale price index , based on 1963 as 100 , was 180.9 in September . 
At the behest of pro-choice members of Congress , a four-year reauthorization bill for Title X federal family-planning assistance now contains a $ 10 million grant for `` development , evaluation and bringing to the marketplace of new improved contraceptive devices , drugs and methods . '' 
IRA BALANCES could be used to qualify for bank services under a bill entered by Reps. Chandler ( R. , Wash . ) and Andrews ( D. , Texas ) . 
During the takeover , Mr. Hahn said he would put his account up for review if WPP 's bid were successful , but he did n't . 
Now the thrift that issued the CD is insolvent , and Dr. Blumenfeld has learned to his surprise that the premium is n't insured under federal deposit insurance . 
The candy businesses had sales of about $ 154 million last year , which was roughly 12 % of total revenue for RJR 's Planters LifeSavers unit , according to a memorandum distributed by RJR 's owner , Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , to bankers last December . 
CACI , based in Arlington , Va. , said it had n't seen the filing by Parsow and Elkhorn and therefore had no comment . 
Akzo 's biggest move in this area was the 1987 acquisition of Stauffer Chemical Co. 's specialty chemical business for $ 625 million . 
What 's more , the seven mail personnel aboard were missing . 
Eastern eventually decided not to sell off a major chunk , its South American routes , which were valued at $ 400 million . 
The holding of 13.6 million shares is up from a 6.7 % stake that Burmah announced SHV held as of last Monday . 
Only a government-sponsored bailout kept the crisis from swallowing the exchange . 
AVON RENT-A-CAR & TRUCK Corp. said it declared a dividend of one warrant for each three shares of common stock . 
Currently , its parent company , Hooker Corp. of Sydney , Australia , is being managed by a court-appointed liquidator . 
British Airways said its shareholders accepted only 6.3 % of the convertible capital bonds , but that the rest of the issue will be taken up by underwriters . 
The computer spy had discovered that a popular editing\/electronic mail program called Gnu-Emacs could do tricks with the widely used Unix operating system created by AT&T . 
The study was done by Robert Gersony , a consultant to the U.S. State Department who has years of experience in investigating human-rights abuses on both sides of the left-right ideological divide . 
So after all the prosecutorial hoopla no one has established what , if anything , Drexel did wrong . 
In the comparable year-ago quarter , the second quarter ended Oct. 31 , Service Corp. had a loss of about $ 12.5 million , or 26 cents a share , on revenue of $ 175.4 million . 
Many analysts said they were n't surprised that problems in many of Ryder 's lines of business continued to plague the company . 
Neither testified at the previous trials . 
The single most important contribution the government could make now to help the poor is to get the specter of drugs out of their neighborhoods . 
Net was up 69 % from $ 15.1 million , or 57 cents a share , last year . 
High-definition television promises to be the TV of tomorrow , so it is a natural multibillion-dollar market . 
But I do n't think we 're at that point yet . '' 
IBM plans to unveil over 50 software products on Tuesday to try to end some of the problems in computerizing manufacturing operations . 
The 31-year-old homemaker adds , `` The only other thing I 'm really loyal to is my Virginia Slims cigarettes . 
It is a quick fix for a complex problem . 
But now , the soft-drink giant appears willing to take the risk . 
He will succeed Arthur E. Himebaugh as general manager Feb. 1 , when Mr. Himebaugh retires . 
The MOB spread , or difference between the municipal and T-bond futures contracts , has been near all-time lows in recent trading , driven basically by concerns that new-issue supply would overwhelm demand . 
An indication of Akzo 's success in reshaping itself will come Thursday when it reports third-quarter results . 
Not really ! 
The company `` ca n't be bullish if they 're doing a sizable 30-year bullet , '' said one analyst . 
But Drexel has made it clear it could mount a significant legal battle in each state if its license is revoked , according to state officials . 
In 30 years of collecting impressionist and Japanese paintings , he has acquired 600 items , he says , enough to persuade him to start a museum next year . 
Let me immediately put limits to whatever nostalgic notions that may intimate . 
It should have happened sooner , '' said Elizabeth Glaser , a Los Angeles mother and activist who contracted the AIDS virus through a blood transfusion , and transmitted it to two of her children . 
United Technologies Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million unsubordinated non-convertible unsecured debt securities . 
With West German unemployment remaining high at two million jobless and the lack of affordable housing becoming a primary issue for next year 's campaign , the Republicans are seen drawing support for their `` Germans First '' stand on social-welfare issues . 
On Friday , trading in practically every issue ground to a halt as potential buyers fled and brokerage firms were unwilling to provide bid and offer prices for most issues . 
The sales-tax plan was preferred over an alternative that would have boosted the state gasoline tax . 
`` When stocks stabilized , that was a disappointment . '' 
The operative definition of newsworthiness will favor virtually unrestrained use of personal , sensitive and intimate facts . 
The horrific details are only now emerging from a painstakingly documented report , based on hundreds of interviews with randomly selected refugees . 
They argue that weakness in both the yen and sterling have helped offset bearish U.S. economic news and have lent support to the dollar . 
Telelawyer is apparently the only telephone service that offers the telephone equivalent of an office visit . 
By next year , all underwriters will be linked to a communications network that could reduce paper work on claims . 
`` We have obtained through the development of Cosmos { the Soviet space program } technologies you do n't see anywhere else . '' 
Top Japanese executives often make decisions based on consensus and personal relationships rather than complex financial projections and fancy presentations . 
In addition , White House aides think that there are numerous other important measures Democrats badly wanted passed -- such as the scaling back of a controversial catastrophic health-care plan for the elderly -- that might provide the president leverage in cutting deals with Democrats . 
The new round of bidding would seem to complicate the decision making for Judge James Yacos , the bankruptcy judge overseeing the case , because the company 's stockholders , unsecured creditors and regulators each are currently backing different plans . 
The programs will run on the cable network the Sunday evening immediately prior to the release of the special issue of U.S. News & World Report . 
International Forest , Western Forest , and Fletcher Challenge Canada are Vancouver-based forest products concerns . 
Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's biggest investor , would like to withdraw from the satellite-TV consortium , and analysts have speculated Hollywood studios might buy the Bond stake . 
A large number of studies suggest that state judges and juries have imposed the penalty in a racially discriminatory fashion . 
But `` if they walk out without any effort to resolve their problem , production could increase to 23 million or 24 million barrels a day , making for a very troublesome first quarter , '' warns Nordine Ait-Laoussine , a consultant and former Algerian OPEC delegate . 
In a statement , Scott McNealy , Sun 's chief executive officer , said the company 's performance was hampered by problems tied to the introduction of a major new family of computers in April . 
`` If you can use data to reconstruct what happened in the past , you have much more confidence in predictions for the future , '' said Lonnie Thompson , a research scientist at Ohio State who dug for and analyzed the ice samples . 
Buddy Young , president , said the company expects to conclude negotiations with other creditors within 60 days . 
The September 87 % operating rate compared with a rate of 101 % in August but was unchanged from a year earlier . 
The FT 30-share index closed 11.0 points lower at 1761.0 . 
The chair is a way to package massage . '' 
Competition in the sale of complete bikes is heating up too . 
Bank Building & Equipment Corp. of America , which previously said accounting discrepancies its auditors uncovered would hurt earnings and require restatement of earlier results , increased its projections of the negative fiscal impact , and said it was exploring the company 's sale . 
That contrasts with the penny-ante sales of things such as pen-and-pencil sets and office supplies that are known as `` Hollywood '' scams . 
Paribas is Allianz 's main French bank , and the Munich-based group said it intends to stay neutral . 
`` It 's not like selling Chevrolets , '' Mr. Paul says , as he takes a drag on a goldbanded St. Moritz cigarette . 
The bankruptcy-court reorganization is being challenged before the Supreme Court by a dissident group of claimants because it places a cap on the total amount of money available to settle claims . 
Net was $ 3.1 million , or 16 cents a share , up from $ 1.6 million , or nine cents a share . 
`` Over the past three and a half years , apparel companies , many of whom have strong brand names , have been bought at about 60 % of sales , '' says Deborah Bronston , Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. apparel analyst . 
Mr. Hall says Mr. Paul `` was known to spend a lot of money . 
In addition , a group of 24 industrialized countries , including the U.S. and Japan and coordinated by the European Community Commission , has promised Poland and Hungary trade advice and a line of credit equivalent to $ 1.11 billion through the European Investment Bank , while the EC plans $ 222 million in direct aid . 
Americans are drinking less , but young professionals from Australia to West Germany are rushing to buy premium-brand American vodka , brandy and other spirits . 
The fledgling science went corporate in 1977 when International Business Machines Corp. hired a marketing professor to help defend a complex antitrust case . 
But I loved turbans . '' ) 
`` Parenthood , '' this summer 's successful and amusing movie about parents and children , apparently was only the beginning . 
Moreover , Mr. Shrontz added , production-rate increases that have been implemented on the 737 , 747 , 757 and 767 programs have resulted in `` serious work force skill-dilution problems . '' 
Three gambling casinos have opened in Poland . 
`` The World Series , seven nights , was n't enough of an incentive , '' says Arnold Klinsky of WHEC-TV in Rochester , which dropped CBS for NBC six weeks ago . 
`` When we were told it was Exxon , it was beyond all expectations ; what a coup , '' said Tom Lewis , senior vice president of Dallas Partnership , the economic development affiliate of the city 's Chamber of Commerce . 
It has reopened the bitter wrangling between the White House and Congress over who is responsible for the failure to oust Mr. Noriega and , more broadly , for difficulties in carrying out covert activities abroad . 
Your Sept. 26 `` Politics & Policy '' article about William Bennett 's Emergency Drug Plan for Washington gives the impression that the FBI has not been nor is actively involved . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Traders who sell short borrow stock and sell it , betting that the stock 's price will decline and that they can buy the shares back later at a lower price for return to the lender . 
Three days later , as of Friday 's close , the Nasdaq Composite was down 6 % , compared with 5.9 % for the industrial average , 5.7 % for the S&P 500 and 5.8 % for the Big Board Composite . 
In the quarter ended July 31 , Jayark had an average of 5.6 million shares outstanding . 
Spiegel promises a `` Guaranteed Christmas , '' with a pledge to deliver goods before Christmas if ordered by Dec. 20 . 
The Senate negotiators included Sens. Cranston and Riegle and Mr. Wall 's principal sponsor , Republican Sen. Jake Garn of Utah . 
Latest approvals : Bell Atlantic 's New Jersey Bell and General Dynamics . 
People familiar with Nekoosa said its board is n't likely to meet before the week after next to respond to the bid . 
These problems also resulted in Sun reporting a $ 20.3 million loss for its fourth quarter ended June 30 . 
But both see a common enemy : About 66 % of employees and 73 % of investors think senior managers get too big a slice of the profit pie . 
`` I think inflation is going to pick up through the fall , '' said Joel Popkin , a specialist on inflation who runs an economic consulting firm here . 
One of the last big employers in the Silicon Valley to report in , Seagate Technology , said it expects to be back at full strength Monday . 
The antibody then kills the cell . 
The White House had the perfect case , but Congress blinked before it could go to court . 
But Mr. Lane said that while the SEC regulates who files , the law tells them when to do so . 
The Nissan logo flashed on the screen for a moment , and then came a taped plea for donations from former President Reagan -- followed by the silent print telling viewers where to call . 
Results declined , however , in Sun 's refining and marketing and coal businesses . 
They want psyllium prices low for their purchases next year . 
The Newport Beach operators also tend to indulge themselves privately . 
Most rivals `` have a working relationship with NEC , often through cross-licensing of technology , '' the Japan Personal Computer Software Association noted recently . 
`` Underwriters of the TVA bonds reduced their market risk by selling Treasurys to cover at least part of their { TVA } holdings , '' said James R. Capra , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Government Securities Inc . 
Many of his views on the protection of wilderness areas , rivers and canyons are now embraced by mainstream , conservative Utahans . 
All three funds posted negative returns for the year to date . 
`` Where the hell are they gon na live when people like you turn the world into a big toxic waste dump ? 
Investment bankers following UAL agree that the strongest impetus for an eventual deal is that the pilots have been attempting a buy-out for more than two years , and are n't likely to stop , having come so close to success . 
U.S. steel imports in August fell 14 % from a year earlier to 1,531,000 tons , according to the American Iron and Steel Institute . 
`` Bargain hunters believe that silver offers the best value amongst precious metals , '' says Frederick R. Demler , analyst at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
August imports claimed 18.5 % of the U.S. market , compared with 19.3 % in July and 20.5 % in August 1988 . 
Thursday , a judge is scheduled to rule on Warner 's motion seeking to block the Guber-Peters duo from going to Columbia . 
But it marks a big change for the Japanese , who shunned mortgage securities after getting burned by a big downturn in interest rates a few years back . 
`` When the market turns around , '' she says , `` it will give a nice picture '' of how leverage can help performance . 
The earthquake that hit the San Francisco Bay area is n't likely to result in wholesale downgrading of bond ratings , officials at the two major rating agencies said . 
That has taken some of the swagger out of natives who like to brag that Texas is the only state that was once a nation , but it has increased their legendary resentment of outsiders . 
Like Hollywood 's Ghostbusters , Kentucky 's stand ready to roll when haunts get out of hand . 
In addition , Hunter said it will use proceeds from a private placement of $ 8 million of preferred shares to purchase an interest in a start-up company to underwrite environmental impairment insurance . 
`` RJR Nabisco and Planters LifeSavers will concentrate more on our own core businesses , '' Mr. Gerstner said Friday . 
A spokesman for Gulf Canada , which is controlled by Toronto 's Reichmann family , said the properties account for about 6 % of the company 's assets and produce about 5,000 barrels of oil and 35 million cubic feet of gas a day . 
In the third quarter , the company , which is 61%-owned by Murphy Oil Corp. of Arkansas , had a net loss of $ 46.9 million , or 91 cents a share , compared with a restated loss of $ 9 million , or 18 cents a share , a year ago . 
The MIT project devised ways for E-mail to be automatically categorized as top priority if it comes from certain designated senders or requires action in the next couple of days . 
Dentsu 's billings last year were larger than those of Young & Rubicam , the world 's second-largest ad agency , according to a survey by the publication Advertising Age . 
Betsy Engelken asked the same question earlier this year , when her husband was about to turn 50 . 
For instance , Southland has expanded its bottled water selection in some stores and added fresh sandwiches in some outlets . 
South African gold stocks closed higher . 
Other companies based in the area include Hewlett-Packard , which rose 1\/4 to 49 ; National Semiconductor , which went up 1\/4 to 7 5\/8 , and Genentech , which eased 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 . 
Robert Hafer , senior commodities analyst at Kaiser Financial Group , said Monday 's rally continued yesterday for only about 20 minutes after the opening . 
Terms for the venture , which would be jointly owned by both companies , were n't disclosed . 
1:11 a.m . 
Donald Iverson , chairman , says he hopes the company can eventually get up to half of its revenue from commercial markets . 
But some U.S. companies are negotiating projects that could be among the biggest ones to be launched . 
The company blamed a number of factors for the earnings decline , including softer sales of joint-implants . 
The unpopular Mr. Sarney , whose task was to bring about a smooth transition to democracy after 21 years of military rule , is n't seeking re-election . 
`` This is not your father 's mainframe , '' said Allan McGuire , a Digital spokesman . 
Averae daily trading volume : Ordinary shares outstanding : 182.9 million 
On Sunday , the governing Christian Democratic Union suffered a series of setbacks , the extent of which became fully known only late Monday , in municipal elections in Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
These are the families who used -- and sometime abused -- their sharecroppers , people who had no encouragement and little access to an education or training for a better life . 
Moreover , she proclaimed that `` landscape architects have been going wrong for the last 20 years '' in the design of open space . 
And as of midyear , settled but unpaid claims amounted to $ 136 million -- more than half the trust 's total of $ 268 million in cash and marketable securities . 
He said Shea & Gould held a number of discussions with the five partners during the past few weeks to get them to stay but that the five were firmly committed to running their own firm . 
While some are renegade riders who simply scorn regulations , much bad riding simply reflects ignorance that can be corrected through `` education and peer pressure , '' says Jim Hasenauer , a director of the International Mountain Biking Association . 
These have been among the country 's leading imports , particularly last year when there were shortages that led many traders to buy heavily and pay dearly . 
First comes monetary expansion to drive down the currency 's value that was pushed up by tax-rate reduction . 
The head of another small options clearing firm , who asked not to be identified , said that the heightened volatility in the financial markets in recent years makes it increasingly difficult for any but the largest financial trading firms to shoulder the risk inherent in the highly leveraged options and futures business . 
Things were supposed to change when Vietnam 's economic reforms gathered pace , and for awhile they did . 
These factors are further complicated by the airline 's push to transform itself from a regional carrier to an international one , Ms. Hall says . 
Mr. Hollander 's Stamford , Conn.-based High Technology Holding Co. acquired most of its 49.4 % stake in Newport in August . 
`` That 's put some oomph back into this market , '' said Peter VandenBerg , a vice president of equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
The beneficiaries were those financiers whose icon was the topic figure of '80s capitalism , Michael Milken 's $ 517 million salary in one year . 
Ohbayashi cited industry publications crediting Howell , currently capitalized at $ 2.2 million , with receiving orders valued at $ 225 million in 1988 . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Sony and the Guber-Peters team are hanging much of their case on Warner 's willingness last year to release the producers from another contract and on an oral agreement they say allowed them to terminate the current written contract if the opportunity to run a major studio came up . 
As a result , if a problem develops on a production line , it is unlikely some supervisor sitting in front of a personal computer or workstation will know about it or be able to correct it . 
If Mr. McDonough 's plans get executed , as much of the Polish center as possible will be made from aluminum , steel and glass recycled from Warsaw 's abundant rubble . 
That could cost him the chance to influence the outcome and perhaps join the winning bidder . 
In charges filed last week in federal district court in Charlotte , N.C. , the SEC alleged that Venture Capitalists Inc. , Venture Finance Corp. and New Ventures Fund Inc. , all of Charlotte , failed repeatedly to file proper documents . 
`` I do n't foresee any shortages over the next few months , '' says Ken Allen , an official of Operating Engineers Local 3 in San Francisco . 
That should help IBM address the damage that a resurgent Storage Technology Corp. has inflicted in that market . 
His morning paper , the Washington Post , even carries a sports column called `` Jurisprudence '' that recounts the latest arrests and convictions of players and team managers . 
The guide scoops into a pail and puts a frantically wiggling croaker on the hook . 
Separately , First Hospital reported a 1.6 % rise in net income to $ 6.1 million for its year ended June 30 on a 27 % increase in revenue to $ 110.6 million . 
Real estate industry executives said Sears ' investment banker , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , sought financing in Japan . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. touted Georgia-Pacific , Louisiana Pacific Corp. and Willamette Industries Inc. as the best post-quake plywood plays . 
I do n't want companies to be built around me as a person . 
`` The first excuse is they do n't have enough time , '' says research director Thomas Doyle . 
A year earlier , net included a $ 700,000 taxlow carry-forward . 
Conservatives note that 43 governors have the line-item veto to use on state budgets . 
Marketers speculate that more affluent people tend to lead more pressured lives and do n't have time to research the products they buy for the highest quality and most reasonable price . 
The timing for change was right . 
Silicon Valley heaved a sigh of relief yesterday . 
Mr. Ondaatje sold his stake in Pagurian Corp. to Hees earlier this year and is said to be seeking a media acquisition . 
`` He 's as busy as he was as speaker , '' reports Mr. Wright 's administrative aide , Larry Shannon . 
Mothers of young AIDS patients expressed somber satisfaction . 
Fox , which also owns six TV stations , provides programs three nights a week to those and other affiliates . 
`` The merger is proceeding according to plan , except as to the withdrawal of the Deloitte U.K. firm , '' he said . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
To do so , the judge said , the U.S. courts must review the judicial process in the foreign country independently of the State Department 's assessment . 
So its senior executives are talking openly about possibly buying back some of the company 's $ 172.5 million in subordinated convertible debentures next year . 
The statistics exclude pulp consumed at the producing mill or shipped to another mill that is affiliated with the producing mill . 
Those are unwelcome trends in a year that the Dow Jones Industrial Average has risen 23 % so far , even with the 190.58-point plunge on Oct. 13 ; broader market measures are in the same neighborhood . 
In terms of diversions , Denver 's Stapleton International may have experienced the most far-flung : A United flight from Japan was rerouted there . 
Coke has tended to increase its control when results were sluggish in a given country . 
The short answer , on a fundamental basis , is that airline analysts say the stock is worth somewhere between $ 135 and $ 150 a share . 
Quarter revenue rose 44 % to $ 160.1 million from $ 111.2 million a year ago . 
The offering is scheduled to expire on Nov. 30 . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.70 % . 
If convicted , he could be imprisoned for up to 10 years and fined $ 250,000 . 
Lynch Corp. said its Lynch Telephone Corp. subsidiary completed the acquisition of Western New Mexico Telephone Co. for $ 20 million plus assumption of $ 24 million of debt . 
And most of us waited for a while for the game to start . 
The notes are convertible into common stock of Blockbuster Entertainment at $ 22.26 a share , representing a 12 % conversion premium over yesterday 's closing price . 
But do n't expect too much in the way of price breaks soon at the supermarket . 
But Dr. Vogelstein had yet to nail the identity of the gene that , if damaged , flipped a colon cell into full-blown malignancy . 
So far though , no one -- not even former U.S. attorney Giuliani -- has been able to pinpoint just what law Mr. Dinkins has broken or just what tax he has evaded . 
For Nekoosa , defense options may be undercut somewhat by the precarious state of the junk-bond market , which limits how much value the target could reach in a debt-financed recapitalization . 
He said that he was particularly interested in his firm gaining expertise in futures , options , mortgaged-backed securities , computerized trading and investment systems as well as mergers and acquisitions . 
Thousands remained homeless . 
Such companies `` are increasingly being left behind '' in the global liquor business , says Nomura 's Mr. Littleboy . 
Control Data Corp. agreed to sell its idle supercomputer manufacturing plant here to Minnesota Mining & Manufacturing Co. for $ 5.8 million . 
GM closed down $ 1.875 at $ 44.875 in New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday . 
Mr. Sells expects fourth-quarter sales at his company -- which besides Woolworth stores includes Kinney and Foot Locker shoe stores and other specialty chains -- to rise `` pretty much in line '' with its year-to-date increases of between 8 % and 9 % . 
The Treasury 's 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 fell 11\/32 to 111 31\/32 to yield 10.08 % , while the 12 % notes due 1995 were down 7\/32 to 103 22\/32 to yield 11.04 % . 
Bernard Leser , president of Conde Nast , added : `` Our research shows we sell more of our heavier issues ... because readers believe they are getting more for what they pay for . 
The small changes in averages reflect generally unchanged yields at many major banks . 
It is n't clear how much those losses may widen because of the short Series . 
The company said the move recognizes its strong financial position . 
Manufacturers ' stocks fattened at an $ 18.4 billion annual rate , up from $ 8.3 billion . 
Personal spending , buoyed by a burst of automobile buying , was the main catalyst to the economy 's expansion . 
`` It does n't bode well for coming quarters , '' said John Jacobson , who follows the steel industry for AUS Consultants . 
The results include a $ 130.2 million write-down of the securities in the high-yield portfolio to the lower of their cost or market value . 
Indeed , the U.S. unit edged lower as the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped about 13 points in early trading . 
Both Mr. Brown , the state 's most influential legislator , and Gov. Deukmejian favor a temporary sales tax increase -- should more money be needed than the state can raise from existing sources and the federal government . 
According to William Orbe , an attorney at Grais & Richards , the escrow agents for the fund , as of Sept. 30 the fund amounted to $ 60.5 million . 
`` What did we get out of it ? 
The latest results include a gain of $ 4.2 million , or eight cents a share , on the sale of television stations in Oklahoma City and Flint , Mich . 
`` It 's like panning for gold outside of Grand Central Station . 
It currently costs $ 750 , though Mr. Sinyard thinks the price can be reduced within three years to between $ 200 and $ 250 . 
Writes Bilanz : `` No one in Switzerland ever came so far so fast ... 
`` We could have shouted from the rooftops about Courter ... and no one would have heard us . '' 
Once she did so , the big-souled German maestro with the shaky nerves who so often cancels offered a limpid , flowing performance that in its unswagged and unswaggering approach was totally at odds with the staging . 
Three of the family members , Max and his two sons , Lenny and Joey , live off the flesh : Max is a retired butcher , Lenny a pimp and Joey an aspiring boxer . 
By a lopsided 401-18 margin , the chamber rejected an effort to waive Gramm-Rudman for purposes of addressing the two disasters , and budget analysts estimate the increased appropriations will widen the fiscal 1990 deficit by at least $ 1.44 billion unless offsetting spending cuts or new revenues are found by Congress . 
Growth stocks may underperform cyclical stocks next year if the Federal Reserve begins to let interest rates drift sufficiently lower to boost the economy . 
The beginnings were modest . 
`` Ten years ago , a physician would go to a town and take out a loan ( to start a practice ) , '' says James Merritt , president of Merritt , Hawkins & Associates , an Irvine , Calif. , physician recruiter that conducted the survey . 
-- Arnold J. Zarett . 
`` We had lots of internal debate about this one , '' concedes Tadahiko Fukuyama , a senior public-relations official . 
The discount rate , currently 7 % , is the rate the Fed charges member banks for loans , using government securities as collateral . 
In its suit against Time , Viacom says the ownership of both cable systems and cable-programming networks gives the company too much market power . 
`` We 've run into a market that was beginning to run out of steam and get frothy , '' he says . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
A committee of outside directors for the Garden City , N.Y. , unit is evaluating the proposal ; the parent asked it to respond by Oct. 31 . 
Leading indicators rose a slight 0.2 % in September , a further indication the economy is slowing but without any clear sign of whether a recession looms . 
`` It 's pretty much weak across the board , '' said Martin Regalia , chief economist of the National Council of Savings Institutions . 
But increased reliance on nuclear power would meet stiff opposition from environmentalists , a second ministry official said . 
Mr. Soule says his only beef was that the massages were being given in a company conference room ; the department 's supervised health facility would have been fine . 
Profit from continuing operations rose 19 % . 
This would compare with an estimated loss of 3 cents a share for the comparable 10 months last year , which included restructuring costs . 
The highest level was in June 1989 , when a daily average of 22.1 million shares traded in program strategies . 
The firm of Bruce Kelly\/David Varnell Landscape Architects had created Central Park 's Strawberry Fields and Shakespeare Garden . 
FileNet Corp. , Costa Mesa , Calif. , said it expects to report a third-quarter loss of about $ 1.8 million , or 17 cents a share , because of a $ 2.5 million reserve to be taken against potential losses on a contract with the state of California . 
But Irving Kayton , a patent expert at George Mason University School of Law who is familiar with the case , said the fact that seven patents were infringed `` suggests that infringement was willful . 
The bill also provides $ 620.5 million to meet U.S. contributions to international organizations and $ 80 million for peace-keeping activities . 
An undistinguished college student who dabbled in zoology until he concluded that he could n't stand cutting up frogs , Mr. Corry wanted to work for a big company `` that could do big things . '' 
And it may be right , judging from last week 's report that inflation-adjusted gross national product rose at a 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter . 
According to Securities and Exchange Commission rules , McCaw is required to keep its offer for the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern open for at least five business days after the announcement of the financing , LIN said . 
The proposal reiterates the U.S. desire to scrap or reduce a host of trade-distorting subsidies on farm products . 
Yesterday , Mr. Blum , 41 , said he was n't aware of plans at Ladenburg to name a co-chairman to succeed Mr. Koenig and said the board would need to approve any appointments or title changes . 
Little money has been returned to upgrade Pemex 's aging facilities . 
Result : a landscape littered with lemons , huge debt burdens crushing down upon the arch and spans of corporate America . 
Holly Stark , a vice president who heads the trading desk at Dillon Read Capital Corp. , said that once she figured out the Quotron numbers were wrong , she called brokers to tell them . 
Emergency crews searched through the charred rubble of a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , where a series of explosions Monday killed at least two people and injured 124 . 
`` I just ca n't believe that the innovations in the financial market are causing any of this volatility , '' he says . 
That possibility had crept closer as repeated new share offerings to finance Trelleborg 's rapid growth steadily diluted the foundation 's holding . 
Biotechnology issues were strong . 
Tuesday 's rumored buyer , Coniston Partners , would n't comment on speculation that Coniston , which battled the UAL board in 1987 , might challenge the board 's decision Monday to remain independent . 
But security systems , effective management controls and regulations to govern their use have not kept pace , the People 's Daily said . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee , unhappy with the carrier 's plans for emerging from bankruptcy-law proceedings , asked its own experts to devise alternate approaches to a reorganization . 
The Big Board said carpenters quickly erected a new options floor to accomodate 40 traders from the Pacific exchange . 
That way , Mr. Collins says , `` We did n't have to sell securities in a sloppy market . '' 
Production of factory equipment , one indication of the strength of manufacturers ' investment spending , fell 0.3 % . 
McDonald 's closed at $ 31.375 , up $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The spokesman says the `` glitch '' in the statute is `` the worst kind of Catch-22 . '' 
The strongest sign of the Big Three 's woes came from Ford Motor Co. , which said it had a loss in its U.S. automotive business for the first time since 1982 . 
A company spokesman said he could n't explain their sudden bullishness . 
Yet that has n't discouraged investors . 
Put March 31 , 1992 , at fixed 107 13\/16 to yield 3.43 % . 
BAY AREA COMMUTERS BATTLED earthquake-related transportation snarls . 
The son believes that when the Afrikaners finally realize there is no turning back the integration of South African society and politics , Morgenzon will boom . 
Each Rothschild bank is linked by family ties and cross-ownership . 
Los Angeles Creates A Courthouse for Kids 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
Billing is included in a caller 's regular phone bill . 
`` The decision to distribute machetes at this time , which could be used as weapons , is under review , '' said a U.N. spokesman ... . 
That means that on days when prices are tumbling and sellers abound they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
At Winnebago , sales for the quarter fell 6 % to $ 89.5 million from $ 95.4 million a year earlier . 
As for California being a state run by liberal environmental loonies , let 's not forget where Ronald Reagan came from . 
But it could ultimately lead to German reunification and the disappearance of East Germany from the map . 
While Monday 's rebounding markets helped other investors recoup losses , many options customers and professional traders in stock-index options and the options on takeover stocks were left with multimillion-dollar losses , traders here and in New York said . 
Analysts say its chances of success will likely hinge on how well Trelleborg manages to cooperate with Noranda in the Falconbridge venture . 
They also unanimously re-elected Mr. Dubinsky , the union chairman who has led the pilots ' 2 1\/2-year fight to take control of the airline . 
Yeah . 
But rail , air and ocean-shipping links to the area escaped Tuesday 's earthquake with only minor damage , and many are expected to be operating normally today , government and corporate transport officials said . 
Both reports are based on several thousand patients sampled in a 1985 nationwide government survey . 
The Nikkei index was pressured down by profit-taking triggered by sharp advances made through this week and fell 151.20 points to 35527.29 . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
We practically ran our own studio . '' 
In index arbitrage , program traders buy and sell stocks and stock-index futures to profit from small price discrepancies between the markets . 
`` I think Ford is going to come out with full guns blazing , '' Mr. Reitman says . 
The buy-out fell through after Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the lead banks in the transaction , failed to obtain $ 7.2 billion in financing needed for the plan . 
But that drop was caused entirely by a decline in Brazilian interest paid , to $ 5 million from $ 54 million the second quarter . 
The next step , which could have a larger effect on businesses , will come early next month , when the Bank for Foreign Economic Affairs is to hold its first auction of foreign currency . 
In 1986 , India signed a $ 1.4 billion contract with AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , to purchase 400 artillery pieces . 
The seventh child of a store owner in Aichi prefecture , Mr. Morishita started out in the textile business . 
Richard Newsom , a California state official who last year examined Lincoln 's parent , American Continental Corp. , said he also saw evidence that crimes had been committed . 
Authorities in Honduras launched an investigation into the cause of Saturday 's crash of a Honduran jetliner that killed 132 of the 146 people aboard . 
Once again , the indomitable peasant holds Poland 's future in his hands . 
A sudden , forced cutback by consumers , who normally account for about two-thirds of economic activity , would damp the economy at a time when plant-and-equipment spending is slowing and deficit-racked governments ca n't readily take up the slack . 
Canadian Indians are taking five countries to court in a bid to stop low military flights over their homes , the Dutch Defense Ministry said . 
And the Winter Olympics will air during the February `` sweeps , '' when ratings are used to set ad rates for local stations . 
Construction of the 34-floor building will begin next May and should be completed in April 1992 . 
For the year , it had a net loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , on revenue of $ 44.3 million . 
At this year 's event , the third since the festival got under way in 1985 , Idrissa Ouedraogo of Burkina Faso won the Sakura Gold prize of $ 143,000 for `` Yaaba '' ( `` Old Woman '' ) . 
NBC 's comedy had aired Wednesdays at 9:30 p.m. and in five outings had drawn an average of only 13.2 % of homes , lagging behind the Jamie Lee Curtis comedy `` Anything But Love '' on ABC and CBS 's one-hour drama `` Jake and the Fatman . '' 
Vitro S.A. of Monterrey , Mexico , said its THR Corp. subsidiary has entered into definitive loan agreements in connection with Vitro 's $ 21.25-a-share tender offer for Anchor Glass Container Corp . 
They immediately termed the proposal inadequate and said the restructuring would not solve the company 's problems . 
Jeffrey E. Levin was named vice president and chief economist of this commodity futures and options exchange . 
Other nations are n't sure how many weapons they have in their own arsenals . 
She was the child of relative privilege . 
The figures are at seasonally adjusted annual rates in trillions of dollars . 
Mr. Titus is a researcher at the Justice Department 's National Institute of Justice . 
When it announced the planned breakup in May , Cray Research said development costs of several competing projects were squeezing its earnings growth . 
Finding a test case should n't be hard , but there is something to be said for picking the best one possible . 
With Japan running enormous trade surpluses against much of the world , they think that Japan should meet the increased domestic demand by importing more . 
Ms. Haag plays Elianti . 
Ken Ruberg , head of the Republican Mainstream Committee , a group of party moderates , observes : `` The administration finds itself in an ideological cul de sac that it will find it difficult -- if not impossible -- to get itself out of . 
Mr. Abalkin , head of the Academy of Science 's Institute of Economics , was recently appointed deputy chairman of the Soviet government and head of a state commission on economic reform . 
Elected to Congress as a `` Watergate baby '' in 1974 , he ran for governor three years later . 
MCA and Cineplex 's other major shareholder , Montreal-based financier Charles Bronfman and his associates , have agreed to tender their holdings to an offer by Mr. Drabinsky unless a higher offer is made by another bidder . 
But on the evidence of `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' that may be the only thing she ca n't do , at least when she 's acting in movies . 
On Friday , selling dominated the afternoon `` curb '' session in London , which takes place at noon EDT . 
The tentative agreement provides for wage increases of 85 cents an hour retroactive to Sept. 25 , 1989 , and for increases of 19 cents , 70 cents and 35 cents an hour effective Jan. 1 , 1991 , 1992 and 1993 , respectively . 
Mr. Brody left the company to find other backers . 
Mr. Ahmad 's lawyer said he would appeal . 
As the strike enters its 15th day today , some members are getting nervous , the spokesman conceded , but the majority of the 55,000 Machinists are prepared to `` wait it out as long as it takes . 
There is no rational justification for such behavior . 
Mr. Edelman said the decision `` has nothing to do with Marty Ackerman . '' 
The unusual seaborne meeting wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit meeting next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
Bigger business can often better afford to minimize the cost of crime . 
But the savings will be minuscule . 
Thieves are going to find `` anybody who has enough bucks to plant these things in their front yard , '' says William Morrissey , an investigator with the police department in Garden Grove , Calif. , where five such thefts have been reported in the past several weeks . 
Robert J. McManus 
Other , smaller concerns are also pursuing market niches -- Hawaiian tourists , for example , or the local trade . 
The size of the issue was decreased from an originally planned $ 95.2 million . 
But he added that individuals still are participating in the equity market indirectly through mutual funds and pension funds . 
Time to relax and enjoy ourselves is always taken up by something to do with football ( meetings , lifting weights , conditioning or films ) . 
Its stake includes 106,100 shares bought in the open market from Aug. 30 to Oct. 18 for $ 10.375 to $ 12.125 a share . 
Mr. Noriega 's initial retainer was only $ 50 to $ 100 a month , plus occasional gifts of liquor or groceries from the American PX , a former intelligence official says . 
Lloyd 's has endured decades of genteel decline . 
For years , we tried to ignore the problem of poverty , and now that it has gotten out of hand it 's a new crusade for the media and our Democratic Congress . 
He added that federal agents hope to recover at least half that amount . 
It closed yesterday at 34 3\/4 . 
If the refinancing plan clears Congress , there could be fairly heavy prepayments on the premium securities , hurting any investor paying much above par for them . 
Rather than scaring off white voters , as many predicted he would , Mr. Dinkins attracted many whites precisely because of his reputation for having a cool head . 
In over-the-counter trading yesterday , Moscom closed at $ 4.375 , up 37.5 cents . 
In the interview , Mr. Reuter said he is thinking foremost of cooperation in the truck sector , but `` in the long run , I do n't want to rule out that we can also come a bit closer in personal cars . '' 
`` This is paying a big price to maintain their virility as the world 's leading insurance broker , '' said Philip Olsen , an analyst at Kitcat & Aitken , a U.K. brokerage firm . 
In novels of an earlier vintage , David would have represented excitement and danger ; Malcolm , placid , middle-class security . 
Then , it rebounded to finish down only 18.65 points . 
In London trading , Courtaulds , a chemicals and textiles company , increased 15 pence to 362 after it disclosed plans to spin off its textiles operations into a separately listed company on Jan. 1 . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 . 
Not surprisingly , she quickly adapted to the American way . 
However , the short interest figures reported by brokerage and securities clearing firms to the National Association of Securities Dealers include only those trades completed , or settled , by Oct. 13 , rather than trades that occurred on that day , according to Gene Finn , chief economist for the NASD . 
Operating profit grew 57 % to $ 269 million from $ 171 million , while operating margins rose to 16.1 % from 15.9 % the previous quarter and 12.6 % a year ago . 
Mr. Mengistu is in an increasingly weak position : Half his army is tied down defending the northern city of Asmara from the Eritreans . 
The executives say Time may seek to break up the transaction after it is consummated , or may seek constraints that would prevent Tele-Communications from dropping HBO in any of its cable systems in favor of Showtime . 
Boeing has said repeatedly it wo n't expand its offer and the machinists have responded that the offer is n't good enough . 
However , about 120 employees will be affected by the agreement . 
MLX has filed a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission covering a proposed offering of $ 120 million in long-term senior subordinated notes and warrants . 
They wonder whether he can be firm with his longtime allies , including union leaders and political cronies who may seek a place at the trough . 
Other analysts say the Indian leader could retain control with a slim majority or be forced to rule as the dominant partner in a coalition with other parties . 
The bottom fifth of all families got 4.6 % of the income , down from 5.2 % a decade earlier . 
Sales rose slightly to $ 2.68 billion , from $ 2.66 billion . 
Whitbread 's wine , spirits and soft-drink operations had trading profit of # 35.4 million on sales of # 315.5 million in the year ended Feb. 25 . 
damn ! 
Owners , largely complacent in the past , are now almost desperately looking for ways to lower costs and raise revenue -- embracing some revolutionary ideas in the process . 
Its tax base is shrinking , a $ 1 billion budget deficit looms , and the city faces contract negotiations with all major municipal unions next year . 
South African gold stocks ended marginally firmer . 
However , other knowledgeable observers said they believed Mr. Crandall and the AMR board might well decide to tough it out without taking any extra steps . 
The 658 Chinese , who have been in a refugee-assistance center , were sent to immigration facilities yesterday pending deportation to China , the official said . 
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. is offering its 6,000 San Francisco employees a two-tier flextime schedule -- either 6 a.m. to 2 p.m. or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m . 
But after joining the tax department of a USX subsidiary 30 years ago , he set the modest goal of becoming tax manager by the age of 46 . 
A leading U.S. human-rights monitor also was briefly held . 
Mr. Wynn seems confident that it will produce a healthy profit , but some securities analysts doubt it . 
Besides British Gas , British Steel skidded 1.74 to 123.5 on turnover of 11 million shares . 
It was a jarring day for investors in Genetics Institute . 
He said the Chaos Computer Club , of West Germany , once managed to invade SPAN and do such things as change the value of pi , messing up some calculations . 
Robert D. Krebs , Santa Fe 's chairman , argues that since its businesses are valued in different ways , `` the sum of the parts may be greater than the whole . '' 
The offering , Series 1989-85 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
TW Services Inc. posted a $ 3.3 million third-quarter net loss , compared with a $ 24.9 million profit , reflecting $ 60 million of expenses related to its much-publicized proposed takeover by Coniston Partners . 
Employee-benefit specialists drew a collective sigh of relief in early October when the Labor Department backed away from a proposal that companies let former employees and beneficiaries -- along with active workers -- borrow against balances in 401 ( k ) and similar savings plans . 
Then I noticed the car was bouncing up and down as if someone were jumping on it . 
Theoretically , the brokers will then be able to funnel `` leads '' on corporate finance opportunities to Kidder 's investment bankers , possibly easing the longstanding tension between the two camps . 
Shaw-Walker , based in Muskegon , Mich. , makes metal files and desks , and seating and office systems furniture . 
The service supplies weekly reports on school and college construction plans . 
Interviews with three major fund groups -- Fidelity Investments , Vanguard Group Inc. and T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. -- confirm the trend . 
That paradox is Hong Kong 's economically rewarding yet politically perilous relationship with China . 
American Express Bank earnings fell 50 % to $ 21.3 million from $ 42.5 million despite a 29 % revenue gain . 
Compiled by William Mathewson 
`` If apartheid means you want cheap black labor and all the comforts that go with it , but you also want to exclude the blacks from social and political integration , then these are two contradictions that ca n't go on forever , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
But many investors remain wary about stocks , partly because they expect continued turbulence in the junk-bond market that would make it more difficult to finance corporate takeovers . 
He found 85 still overvalued and 15 fairly valued . 
The market also moved at early afternoon on news that Jaguar shares were being temporarily suspended at 746 pence ( $ 11.80 ) each . 
In fact , he thinks several steelmakers will report actual losses through the third quarter of 1990 . 
She notes that she also stresses professionalism during her weekly visits . 
The bids and rate proposals generally assume the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed , will go into operation . 
The rise came a day after the year 's biggest drop on Monday , when the Nikkei fell 647.33 , or 1.8 % , in response to Friday 's 6.9 % plunge on Wall Street . 
Still , predicting is tricky . 
But so far , he declares , there 's little evidence the `` new urgency '' is trickling down to the managers who actually do hiring . 
When the economy stumbled in the mid-1970s , Akzo NV fell out of bed . 
Because it operates on a fiscal year , Bear Stearns 's yearly filings are available much earlier than those of other firms . 
These are long-term Richter readings on American capitalism . 
New Environmentalism is an emotional attack on proven methods of improving our quality of life and a bid for political power . 
But opponents , led by the CWA , say new laws are needed because monitoring is heavily concentrated in service industries and 81 % of monitored workers are n't represented by unions . 
He said the strength of the world-wide economy is suspect , and does n't see much revenue growth in the cards . 
Until the tanker spill , Big Oil was slowly convincing authorities it could safely produce from such places . 
In a statement prepared by lawyers for the university and Connaught , the parties said they agreed that as a result of reaching a C 415 million research accord , `` It is unnecessary that there be a judgment on the merits { of the case } at this time . '' 
But it could be much worse . 
The sheer number of planners makes the business extremely difficult , if not impossible , to regulate . 
Unocal Corp. 's top management sets guidelines , but line supervisors slice up the merit pie . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
Foreign Presence 
`` Investors in the U.S. and Europe are comfortable with the actions of the { Federal Reserve } in its willingness to supply liquidity to financial system , which helped the stock market rebound on Monday , '' he said . 
The problems of the environment are so interrelated , so inextricably entwined with our current way of life and so large that it is unlikely we will be able to address them effectively unless major changes are made in less than 10 years . 
There is n't enough . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 8.36 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened slightly to 1.46 percentage points . 
`` I 'm not here to make money by reselling the team later on . 
`` There is incredible negative psychology building in the market , '' said Donna Avedisian , a vice president at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
Michael E. Hill 
The sole exceptions are an estimated 30 flights of six hours or more beginning or ending in Hawaii and Alaska . 
It would be like `` watching a black and white movie on a color TV set , '' says Malcolm G. Saull , chairman of the film and video department at the Rochester Institute of Technology . 
The reforms described above would provide a more limited , but clearer , safer and ultimately more useful role for government as a lender . 
The farmer stands to go . 
Anti-nuclear activists have protested the launch of the Galileo space probe to Jupiter because it uses plutonium to generate the electricity needed to run the craft . 
That would be an ironic result of a case in which the Supreme Court expressly stopped short of overruling Roe vs. Wade . 
We should also add Mr. Lawson 's own explanation , as we understand it . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.09 % one month ; 8.09 % two months ; 8.06 % three months ; 8 % six months ; 7.94 % one year . 
Some companies are raising money in anticipation of a government less predictable than Mr. Gandhi 's , and possibly more restrictive . 
Died : Rudolf von Bennigsen-Foerder , 63 , chairman of Veba AG of West Germany , in Duesseldorf , of pneumonia . 
DSP makes electronic instrumentation and data acquisition systems . 
While some assets have been written down , others are undervalued in the accounts , Mr. Bond maintained . 
The arrangement is subject to approval by the Supreme Court of British Columbia province , Crown said . 
Businesses `` want to verify information and ensure accuracy , '' says John Hiltunen , Dictaphone 's manager of media relations . 
Quebecor started the Philadelphia Journal , a daily tabloid , in 1977 and closed it three years later . 
In addition , Hewlett-Packard , while a much smaller player , has made a big commitment to the sorts of industry standards that facilitate those hookups and could give IBM some problems . 
Several blue-chip companies tapped the new-issue market yesterday to take advantage of falling interest rates . 
I know when dividends are due ; When bonds should be retired ; But what gets by me every time Is has the milk expired ? 
`` Traffic is certainly a concern , as is pollution , water and an adequate labor market , '' says Frank Sain , executive director of the Las Vegas Convention and Visitors Bureau . 
The shares will be priced in early November , she said . 
The stock , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , closed at $ 51.75 , up 62.5 cents , well below the $ 56.13 to $ 60 a share the insiders received for their shares . 
There 's a beautiful , Coplandesque motif -- he 'd kill me if he heard me say that -- throughout the first movement ... 
Renaissance 's last portfolio shift , carried out by Goldman , Sachs & Co. , was a highly publicized decision last January to sell its entire stock portfolio and buy Treasury bills . 
The Reichmanns and Mr. Zell , the largest holders of Santa Fe Pacific stock , have been looking for ways to raise the value of their investments , including possible spinoffs . 
The Financial Times 100-share index finished at 2161.9 , up 12.6 points . 
In the third quarter , orders rose a real 5 % and a nominal 9 % . 
StatesWest has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , which operates 20 twin-engine and two single-engine turboprops among 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas . 
Walter Litvinchuk , vice president of Pan-Alberta Gas Ltd. , a Calgary-based gas marketing concern , said the industry will welcome the move . 
And some oil companies are trying to lock in future supplies . 
Jaguar ( OTC ; Symbol : JAGRY ) 
We innovated telephone redemptions , daily dividends , total elimination of share certificates and the constant $ 1 pershare pricing , all of which were painfully thought out and not the result of some inadvertence on the part of the SEC . 
TW 's pitch was that sales and earnings at its restaurants have risen steadily and that people wo n't stop eating during a downturn . 
There is demand for state-of-the-art machine tools in the Soviet Union and in other Eastern European countries as those nations strive to improve the efficiency of their ailing factories as well as the quality of their goods . 
The plastic lens wraps itself over the cornea , absorbing eye moisture while permitting oxygen to pass through . 
Lawmakers in Moscow voted to deny the Communist Party its 100 guaranteed seats in the Soviet Congress , meaning Gorbachev and other aides might have to face voters . 
But it is n't clear that banks would lend sufficient money to deliver a big enough price to shareholders . 
9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
He sipped tea sweetened with honey from his high-backed leather chair at his bench , while scribbling notes ordering spectators to stop whispering or to take off their hats in his courtroom . 
It will continue to be sold in the European market . 
Frederick H. Hallett Vice President Industry and Government Relations White Consolidated Industries Inc . Washington 
So far they have issued scores of subpoenas , some of which went to members of the New York Merc . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
But the important factory-jobs segment , which last month plunged by 103,000 positions and raised recession fears , is most likely to be skewed by the month 's unusual events . 
They have a life of their own and can be counted on to look good and perform whenever a cast is n't up to either . 
But the Reagan administration thought otherwise , and so may the Bush administration . 
Mr. Merksamer and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker , were unavailable for comment . 
In the corporate market , an expected debt offering today by International Business Machines Corp. generated considerable attention . 
Mr. Steinberg made a $ 59.7 million profit on the sale to Disney of his investment in the company in 1984 . 
It was the first management change since film-makers Daniel Grodnik and Tim Matheson took control of National Lampoon Inc. in March . 
In fact , D.T. never left home , Carnegie Mellon University in Pittsburgh , but communicated with its human handlers by telephone link . 
Though Silicon Graphics is much smaller than Digital , Hewlett and Sun , it has emerged in recent years as a feared adversary in this graphics portion of the workstation market . 
A NEW MINIMUM-WAGE PLAN has been worked out by Congress and Bush , opening the way for the first increase in over nine years . 
In a statement late yesterday , Santa Fe Pacific 's chairman , Robert D. Krebs , said that Santa Fe Pacific Realty would repay more than $ 500 million in debt owed to the parent before the planned spinoff . 
That includes the CDBG funds and the Federal Housing Administration , which loans out money for private home mortgages and has just been discovered to be $ 4 billion in the hole . 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
These calculations exclude the effect of commissions paid and dividends received from the stock . 
The Second Section index , which fell 21.44 points Monday , was up 6.84 points , or 0.19 % , to close at 3642.90 . 
`` The freeze on new lending is dealing the single biggest blow to trading , '' says Raymond Wong , China manager for Mannesmann AG , a West German machinery-trading company . 
The affected practices include the placing of oral orders , which is the way most public customer orders are placed , and trading between affiliated brokers , even though in some cases trading with affiliates may be the only way to obtain the best execution for a client . 
One floor trader noted in astonishment that nobody seemed to mind the news that British Airways is n't making a special effort to revive the UAL buy-out . 
The recent one-day , 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average seems to be significant to economists mainly for its tacit comment on the poor quality of third-quarter profits now being reported . 
An AT&T spokeswoman said the company would likely replace about one-third of its managers who choose to retire with new employees . 
If the Colombian media accept this new and hideous censorship there is little doubt that the drug mafia 's terrorism someday will extend to all the newspapers published in the free world . 
`` If USAir is worth 80 as a takeover and the stock went to 52 , the market was saying Steinhardt 's presence was n't worth anything , in terms of getting a deal done , '' says a veteran takeover speculator . 
Sony Corp. won a pretrial order blocking U.S. sales of Justin Products Inc. 's `` My Own '' line of portable audio players for children . 
Neither she nor other real-estate executives and brokers could project how much less Marina properties might bring , but she said the two-tier price structure would affect prices `` for a while . '' 
Generally , regulators have n't announced enforcement actions in the past . 
`` For Poland and Hungary we need to think about a stick-and-carrot economic approach that would force them to price things realistically in return for removing all our tariff barriers . '' 
Mr. Pilson recalls that in April 1986 , after CBS 's annual meeting in Philadelphia , he and Mr. Tisch took the 90-minute train ride back to New York , and Mr. Pilson used this extended private audience to outline his ambitions . 
Foreign Bonds 
The subsidiary is n't expected to be profitable for at least one year . 
For the first time in 32 years , ferry service has been restored between the East Bay and San Francisco . 
Ford officials said they expected the two Merkurs would sell about 15,000 cars a year , and in 1988 they reached that goal , as sales hit 15,261 cars . 
They are : `` A Payroll to Meet : A Story of Greed , Corruption and Football at SMU '' ( Macmillan , 221 pages , $ 18.95 ) by David Whitford ; `` Big Red Confidential : Inside Nebraska Football '' ( Contemporary , 231 pages , $ 17.95 ) by Armen Keteyian ; and `` Never Too Young to Die : The Death of Len Bias '' ( Pantheon , 252 pages , $ 18.95 ) by Lewis Cole . 
For example , the chief executive himself now pays 20 % of the cost of his health benefits ; the company used to pay 100 % . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters rub many people in Hollywood the wrong way . 
Sales climbed 71 % to $ 6.36 billion from $ 3.72 billion as the company capitalized on the ravenous global demand for commercial airliners . 
GM said the assembly plant , which builds the Chevrolet Corsica and Beretta compact cars , originally was scheduled to reopen Monday but now will not resume production until Oct. 30 . 
It charged off an estimated $ 200 million of Arizona loans , leaving the unit with a reserve for future losses of $ 255 million , about 61 % of its $ 416 million of troubled loans and repossessed real estate . 
George Bush 's continued support of the tax dam sustains this strategy of pressuring Congress to make choices among competing priorities , rather than just saying yes to all the grateful special-interest constituencies that fill the PAC trough . 
The company had a tax credit of $ 1.4 million . 
Sales were $ 623 million , up 0.5 % from $ 619.8 million a year ago . 
Nicholas Parks , a New York money manager , expects the market to decline about 15 % . 
Intelligence Committee Chairman David Boren ( D. , Okla . ) and Vice Chairman William Cohen ( R. , Maine ) , for their part , angrily accused the White House of selectively leaking classified documents and trying unfairly to shift the blame to Congress for the bungled attempt to topple Gen. Noriega . 
Francis M. Wheat , a former Securities and Exchange Commission member , headed the panel that had studied the issues for a year and proposed the FASB on March 30 , 1972 . 
According to John Maxwell , an analyst at Wheat First Securities , Richmond , Va. , Benson & Hedges has slipped from 4.7 % of the cigarette market in 1985 to just 4.1 % after the second quarter of this year . 
It 's a recognition that there was much too much fluff in the LBO market . '' 
Direct marketers were especially alarmed when General Motors -- one of the country 's largest companies and a big direct-mail user itself -- entered the junk-mail battle . 
The Orange Workers -- who take their name from William of Orange of the Netherlands , a hero of the Dutch-descended Afrikaners -- believe that the solution to South Africa 's racial problems is n't the abolition of apartheid , it 's the perfection of apartheid -- complete and total separation of the races . 
Logic plays a minimal role here . 
Coach them in handling complaints so that they can resolve problems immediately . 
Worst of all , Nissan was preoccupied with management infighting , cronyism and corporate rigidity . 
Among other things , the Agriculture Department is widely thought to be mulling whether to subsidize the sale of soybean oil to the Soviet Union . 
`` But it still has n't shown that it can win in a state like Pennsylvania or Missouri , where abortion has been clearly an electoral issue and where it 's been an emotional issue for a long time . '' 
Mr. Stoll was scanning the heavens at the Keck observatory of the Lawrence Berkeley Laboratory in 1986 when his grant ran low and he was asked to switch to helping run the lab 's computers . 
Volume was 840.8 million shares , up from 443.6 million Thursday and the week 's most active session . 
InterMedia Capital Corp. , Robin Cable Systems L.P. and Brenmor Cable Partners , offering of senior subordinated discount reset debentures , via Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Still , like the auto makers , when dealing with Mr. Everyman the Pentagon sticks to the tried and true . 
Jacobs is an international engineering and construction concern . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list for the U.S. over-the-counter market Monday . 
Recent data from New York City provide more of the picture . 
But the EC is strongly opposed to converting agricultural supports into tariffs . 
The company said results were bolstered by upgrades to Release 3 by previous customers and improved profit margins , the result of manufacturing-cost controls . 
He said the company has cut operating expenses by about 10 % over the last few quarters , while maintaining research and development at about 8 % to 9 % of sales . 
The second part , consisting of $ 28 million of 11 3\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1995 , was priced at 87.026 with a yield to maturity of 15.25 % . 
State Farm , based in Bloomington , Ind. , is also the largest writer of personal-property earthquake insurance in California . 
CBS News is also re-enacting the 1979 Three Mile Island nuclear accident in Middletown , Pa. , with something less than a cast of thousands . 
For the nine months , Ethyl said net fell 2 % to $ 168.7 million , or $ 1.40 a share , from $ 172.2 million , $ 1.42 a share , a year ago . 
Mr. Bush has asked Congress to provide more than $ 400 million in economic aid and food grants for Poland 's new government , but has been chided by Democrats for failing to do more . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. was awarded a $ 19.1 million Army contract for armored-vehicle parts . 
Throughout the 1970s and early 1980s spokesmen for both the Unification Church and its opponents in the anticult movement gave wildly exaggerated membership figures . 
In particular , beta does n't measure the company - and industry-specific risk associated with an individual stock . 
In an East Berlin suburb , meanwhile , employees at an electronics plant formed an independent trade union called Reform , a worker spokesman said . 
One had best not dance on top of a coffin until the lid is sealed tightly shut . '' 
Over the course of the decade , for instance , my return on investment in the area of poker alone ( Figures 7A and 7B ) has been most impressive , showing bodacious annual expansion with -- given the way my associates play -- no sign of abatement into the 1990s and beyond . 
The IRS operates on a computer system designed in 1961 , which it has been trying to modernize for years . 
Floor traders also said that the market could have been helped by rumors , which have been circulating for the past two days , about China purchasing cotton . 
But we 're not making as many { pyrotechnic devices } as we used to . 
Energy 
At the very least , it would appear that Sis is a poor judge of masculine charm . 
And while the Japanese have stepped up their purchases of U.S. shares in the past several months , they have shown themselves in the past to be fickle investors . 
Stockholders , as a group , can win , because they own a share of corporate earnings , which can grow and boost stock prices . 
Earlier this year , Black & Decker put three Emhart businesses on the auction block : the information and electronics segment , the Dynapert electrical assembly business and Mallory Capacitors . 
By and large , these efforts have borne fruit . 
But margins will be helped , too , by some other cost-saving steps . 
The French unit of Ferruzzi Agricola Finanziaria also disclosed a 40 % rise in its consolidated net profit for the first half of 1989 , excluding nonrecurring items and after payments to minority interests . 
Coniston , a New York investment partnership , awaits a vote by TW 's shareholders , scheduled for Friday , on Coniston 's $ 34-a-share , or $ 1.66 billion , offer for TW . 
By contrast , surgical abortion is 99 % effective . 
The agency did n't mention possible quantities and did n't say how the gas would be delivered . 
Compared with the major economies on the Continent , the U.K. faces both higher inflation and lower growth in the next several months . 
SunGard 's stock rose 1 3\/4 to 21 1\/4 on 194,000 shares . 
In addition , the company called its 12 7\/8 % senior subordinated notes due 1994 , with an aggregate principal amount of $ 200 million , for redemption on Dec. 15 . 
New SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , overseeing his first public meeting , said there have been concerns that the Big Board 's basket could attract investors with a `` short-term perspective '' who would rapidly turn over the product , thus increasing volatility . 
Passive Components makes capacitors and filters used to protect electronics . 
After studies at that conservatory 's Pre-College Division with an assistant to the legendary instructor Ivan Galamian , he switched at the college level to Miss DeLay , Mr. Galamian 's longtime assistant and , ultimately , his rival . 
Golden Nugget , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's first casino client , has borrowed on more than $ 600 million worth of mortgage notes , mostly sold to private investors by Drexel , to build the Mirage . 
Mr. Lancaster is deputy chief of The Wall Street Journal 's Dallas bureau . 
CDs yielding 40 % are even more implausible -- especially when the issuing `` bank '' in the Marshall Islands is merely a mail drop watched over by a local gas-station operator -- but investors fell for that one too . 
Echoing the response of almost all big corporations in the Bay Area , Don Waite , Seagate 's chief financial officer , said , `` I would n't expect this to have any significant financial impact . '' 
That 's because the budget deficit feeds an enormous appetite in this country for both foreign goods and foreign capital , overwhelming the nation 's capacity to export . 
In addition , an unusually wide array of federal agencies moved to provide specialized assistance . 
After months of internal rumblings , Mr. Ngoc was fired last December . 
According to department policy , prosecutors must make a strong showing that lawyers ' fees came from assets tainted by illegal profits before any attempts at seizure are made . 
That rate would gradually decline to as little as 29 % for corporate assets held for 15 years . 
And just last week , Defense Secretary Dick Cheney gave a strong speech listing `` compelling reasons '' to push ahead with SDI and saying he 'd urge President Bush to veto a defense bill with `` inadequate '' funding for the program . 
Or that the president would have hurried to sign the bill `` out of compassion for her plight '' ? 
Because index-fund managers are no longer satisfied with merely being average , they have developed `` enhanced '' indexing strategies that are intended to outperform the market as much as three percentage points . 
Phillip J. Stuecker , 37 , vice president , secretary and treasurer , was named vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note convertible Nov. 27 , 1989 , through March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Nov. 1 , when terms are fixed . 
That deadline has been extended once and could be extended again . 
The New York-based company reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 5.1 million , or 10 cents a share , compared with a year-earlier net loss of $ 6.2 million , or 12 cents a share . 
That 's a question a lot of people are asking , following the stock market 's stunning display of volatility . 
After clanging around for an hour or so , the shiny , hot money pours out of the cement chute , where a giant vacuum sucks away the dried mud and burnt wrappers . 
Western Digital Corp. reported a net loss of $ 2.7 million , or nine cents a share , for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 , citing factors as varied as hurricane damage , an advance in graphics technology and the strengthening dollar . 
`` This deviation from our past growth patterns is caused largely by lower earnings at New York Telephone . '' 
The bid values Navigation Mixte at around 23 billion francs , depending on how many holders of Navigation Mixte warrants exchange them for shares before the bid expires . 
Willie Brown , speaker of California 's Assembly , said that Gov. George Deukmejian has agreed to schedule a special session of the legislature within two weeks . 
Pioneer surged 450 yen ( $ 3.16 ) to 6,050 yen ( $ 42.60 ) . 
Liberty National , a bank holding company , has assets exceeding $ 3 billion . 
Among other things , the law prohibits discrimination on the basis of sex and pregnancy . 
Mr. Weisel , 49 , resigned as president and chief executive and will work on special projects , said John J. Wallace , chairman . 
It relies on the fact that certain atoms give off detectable signals when subjected to an intense magnetic field . 
The statement added , `` Someone has regrettably chosen to selectively summarize portions of highly classified correspondence between the two branches of government . 
But there are times when they seize up , and panicky sellers can not find buyers . 
Kidder Peabody does program trading for its own as well as clients ' accounts . 
Although accountants are n't noted as `` being deeply emotional , they really hold it all in , '' said Mr. Burton , former chief accountant of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Exhibit A is last week 's House vote to fund 40 pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that is at the heart of the HUD scandal . 
Chicagoans have just elected 540 neophyte school boards , one for each school . 
Figures for the period ended Sept. 30 for the four largest brokerage firms -- Nomura Securities Co. , Daiwa Securities Co. , Yamaichi Securities Co. and Nikko Securities -- also reflected a changeover to a fiscal year ending March 31 , replacing the 12-month term formerly finishing Sept. 30 . 
Mr. Waggoner has been involved in a dispute with the board since August , when he ousted all the directors . 
Former President Richard Nixon is to visit China at the invitation of the government beginning Saturday , the Foreign Ministry announced . 
GM 's Pontiac division is offering a turbo-charged V-6 engine on its Grand Prix model , even though it expects to sell only about 4,000 cars equipped with that option . 
PACIFIC TELESIS GROUP , San Francisco , telecommunications holding company , annual sales of $ 9.5 billion , no damage to headquarters , but no power , the power failure has caused a delay in the release of the company 's earnings report , major concern is subsidiaries , Pacific Bell and Pacific Telesis Cellular , both of which sustained damage to buildings , structural damage to several cellular sites in Santa Cruz , volume of calls on cellular phones 10 times the usual , causing a big slowdown . 
There are of course good reasons the U.S. should n't get into the assassination business , but rescinding the executive order is not the same thing as saying the U.S. should start passing out exploding cigars . 
CBS held the previous record for consecutive No. 1 victories -- 46 weeks -- during the 1962-63 season . 
`` There was a lot of internal debate about that specific issue , '' said Susan Bryant , Oklahoma 's chief securities regulator and president of the North American Securities Administrators Association , which drafted a voluntary settlement plan for the states with Drexel . 
An ITT spokesman said the charge was n't publicly reported at the time . 
Arco Chemical Co. -- $ 100 million of 9.35 % debentures due Nov. 1 , 2019 , priced at 98.518 to yield 9.50 % . 
Panic frequently results in irrational behavior . 
`` Options traders , arbitrage traders -- everyone , '' said Mr. Bates , cooling down with a carton of apple juice after the close yesterday . 
The 45-year-old Mr. Giuliani has run a negative campaign to pick up votes leaning to Mr. Dinkins . 
The government had fallen $ 300 million behind in interest payments . 
And she has this inexhaustible energy . 
Hudson 's Bay said that Woodbridge Co. , which currently holds about 77 % of the ordinary shares , will subscribe for all the shares to which it is entitled and for any shares that are n't otherwise taken up . 
Fittingly , the Tela Accords were nicknamed by Hondurans `` the Dodd plan . '' 
In what has become a series of bad-news announcements , the world 's largest maker of supercomputers said that after reviewing its order prospects , `` we have concluded it is prudent to plan for next year on the assumption that revenue again will be flat . '' 
Latin American countries have long urged Canada to join the OAS in the hopes that it would be a counterweight to the U.S. , which for many years tended to dominate the 32-nation organization . 
It said the reduction reflects impaired business prospects and reduced financial flexibility caused by continuing losses at the maker of Winchester disk drives . 
After the sixth congress , journalists seized the opportunity provided by the liberalization to probe previously taboo subjects . 
Mutual fund officials say that investors have transferred most of it into their money market accounts , and to a lesser extent , government-bond funds . 
The trade and CBI reports refocused attention on high interest rates and corporate profitability and helped rekindle underlying concerns over prospects for a recession in the U.K. , dealers said . 
Its profits , unlike Phibro 's , soared over the next two years , and had it held out , Salomon could have gotten an even bigger bundle . 
Maturities usually are shorter when rates are rising and longer when they are falling . 
On Friday , they also persuaded the UAL flight attendants to join them . 
`` Why was containment so successful ? 
Sir John Egan , Jaguar 's chairman , so far has refused to meet with Ford officials , but he is believed to be willing to consider a specific bid proposal . 
Kirschner Medical fell 4 to 15 . 
Mr. Freind calculates that the provision , which attacks the trimester standards that Roe established , will `` make it necessary '' for the Supreme Court to review Roe and , perhaps , to overturn it . 
-- A young woman who has been out of town shows up at the Marina Middle School to learn that her apartment is on the condemned list . 
A group including Gene E. Phillips , former chairman of Southmark Corp. , and William S. Friedman , former vice chairman of Southmark , lowered its stake in the Dallas real estate concern to 7.7 % , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Racial gerrymandering has been a familiar policy in New York City since 1970 , when Congress first amended the Voting Rights Act to expand its reach beyond the Southern states . 
Officials from the American Insurance Association 's property-claim service division , which coordinates the efforts of the claims adjusters in an area after a natural disaster , will be flying to San Francisco today . 
Doman said it was also granted an option to acquire the remaining 44 % interest in Western Forest , which is currently held by two Canadian banks . 
Bethlehem is also working with the United Steelworkers union to consolidate BethForge 's two machine shops and four heat-treatment facilities of the press-forge operations . 
Despite the risks , the deals can be an attractive way for Japanese banks to increase their presence in the U.S. market , bank analysts say . 
S.G. Warburg , also mentioned in the rumor mill , jumped 14 at to 414 . 
The resulting firm prices and stability `` will allow both producers and consumers to plan confidently , '' says Saudi Arabian Oil Minister Hisham Nazer . 
IT PAYS to follow a management career path -- even at law firms . 
They did n't . 
In the suit , filed in June 1988 , the government accused the union 's leadership of depriving its 1.6 million members of their rights through a pattern of racketeering . 
Analysts hailed the sweetened pension package , which they said had been the subject of rumors for several months . 
The federal agency said that in the year through Oct. 21 production totaled 12,573,758 tons , up 7.1 % from 11,742,368 tons . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , a Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers , has a planned doubling of capacity riding on an IPO scheduled for next week . 
Investment capital is creeping back , and oil properties are fetching more . 
Delmed said Robert S. Ehrlich resigned as chairman , president and chief executive . 
The stocks have been pummeled repeatedly by inventory gluts and disappointing earnings as the industry matures and slows . 
Westinghouse carefully crafted the agreement because the Justice Department earlier this year successfully challenged a proposed steam turbine joint venture with Asea Brown Boveri . 
Mainstream economists and commentators , craning their necks up at the great pyramids of junk financing , swiveling their heads to watch the avalanche of leveraged buy-outs , claimed the end result would be a leaner , meaner corporate America , with soaring productivity and profits and the weaker gone to the wall . 
That gain probably translated into about 5 % to 7 % in dollar terms , well below recent quarters ' gains of above 20 % , reckons Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds . 
Drug companies lost a major liability case . 
Mr. Cockburn is a columnist for The Nation and LA Weekly . 
Dow Chemical Co. , Midland , Mich. , and Eli Lilly & Co. , Indianapolis , said they completed the formation of Dow Elanco , a joint venture combining their plant-sciences businesses as well as Dow 's industrial pest-control business . 
Lawyers and their clients who frequently bring business to a country courthouse can expect to appear before the same judge year after year . 
Jaguar was shocked by Mr. Ridley 's decision , because management had believed the government would n't lift the golden share without consulting the company first . 
( Part of Mr. Dinkins 's strength is his ability to win the support of both the Brooklyn and Harlem factions . ) 
`` Computers here are used for data gathering , '' says Roger J. Boisvert , who manages the integrated-technologies group in McKinsey & Co. 's Tokyo office . 
The Arab League-sponsored pact , drafted during three weeks of talks at the Saudi Arabian resort of Taif , includes Syrian proposals for at least a partial troop pullout from Lebanon , and guarantees an equal number of seats for Moslems and Christians in the Parliament . 
So it will take many quarters for IBM to roll out all the products that customers need , and it will take years for customers to integrate the products into their operations . 
The bizarre arrangement grows out of Mr. Alexander 's representation of Derr Construction Co. , one of several defendants in a wrongful death lawsuit brought by Ms. Parks , the widow of a construction worker killed in January 1987 while working on a new Houston convention center . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Iverson agreed to buy exclusive rights to a software system developed by Visher Systems Inc. , Salt Lake City . 
At Plant Genetic Systems , researchers have isolated a pollen-inhibiting gene that can be inserted in a plant to confer male sterility . 
It will have 61 plants from coast to coast and $ 1.5 billion in annual sales . 
Some of it was necessary to get federal help flowing to victims , but some seemed designed mostly to project an image of a White House in action . 
`` I 've heard that there is $ 40 billion taken in nationwide by boiler rooms every year , '' Mr. McClelland says . 
As the Chinese have shown and the Soviets are learning , family farms thrive where collectives fail . 
And Georgia-Pacific could save money in selling pulp , because the company uses its own sales organization while Nekoosa employs higher-cost agents . 
The potential is displayed along every road into Warsaw : row upon row of greenhouses , stretching out behind modern mansions that trumpet their owners ' wealth . 
The general public may not know his name , but he 's famous -- make that infamous -- in advertising circles : A marketing consultant , he pioneered slashing ad agency commissions , to the delight of advertising clients and the dismay of agencies . 
So who knows ? 
You lead readers to believe that the House reduced the capital-gains tax for two years only . 
There are the supply-side globalists , who seek to spread the advantages of a common currency through fixed exchange rates . 
Freon , introduced in 1930 , revolutionized America by making refrigeration and air conditioning practical after all . 
The discounting , say fast-food operators , occurs on a scale and with a frequency they have n't seen before . 
E.W. Scripps Co. said it has acquired a Georgia cable television company and a Massachusetts publishing firm . 
Paul Asquith , associate professor at the Massachusetts Institute of Technology 's Sloan School of Management , citing a pattern of junk-bond default rates that are low in the early years after issuance and rise later , says , `` We 're now in a period where we 're starting to see defaults from the big issue years of 1984 to 1986 . '' 
WPP GROUP 'S Ogilvy & Mather expects profit margins to improve to 11.5 % in 1990 in the U.S. 
But let Stevens continue in his unwitting comic manner ( his conscious efforts at `` banter '' always fail -- most comically ) : `` This whole question is very akin to the question that has caused much debate in our profession over the years : what is a ` great ' butler ? '' 
Mr. Lee concedes the statements made to him are far different from others being issued in China , but attributes that to the fact that the situation in China is `` very complex . '' 
A Kellogg officer , who asked not to be named , said the Memphis project was `` pulled in for a reconsideration of costs , '' an indication that the ambitious plans might be scaled back in any future construction . 
In fact , Kidder is a minor player in just about every business it does except computer-driven program trading ; in that controversial business , only Morgan Stanley & Co. rivals Kidder . 
They offer these suggestions : 
A private market like this just is n't big enough to absorb all that business . 
The maker of specialty chemicals has about 5.9 million shares outstanding . 
He added that the company expects `` strong '' operating profit for the year , `` but at a level significantly lower than last year . '' 
Takeover speculators -- who have already taken a record loss estimated at more than $ 700 million on UAL -- started selling other stocks as well as S&P futures in an attempt to hedge against a further UAL blood bath . 
In May , the company consolidated its Aerospace and Electronics groups ; the new Defense and Space Group will contain the Aerospace and Electronics division and Advanced Systems , both based in the Seattle area ; Boeing Helicopters in Philadelphia ; Boeing Military Airplanes in Wichita , Kan. , and ArgoSystems in Sunnyvale , Calif . 
The December contract declined 1.85 cents a pound to $ 1.2645 . 
Delta has benefited more than other carriers from the weakness of Eastern Airlines , which shares the Atlanta hub . 
The third game , last Friday night , drew a disappointing 17.5 rating . 
The move will make the drug available free of charge for a time to children with the disease and symptoms of advanced infection . 
We do n't think this will affect that . '' 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
More ominous to SDI supporters , the Bush administration appears to have tacitly accepted a new arms-control proposal from the Soviet Union that spells long-term trouble for Star Wars . 
When Roger Birnbaum , an executive who worked for Guber Peters in the early 1980s , left to take a job as head of production at the United Artists studio , they made him forfeit all credits and financial interest in the films he had helped develop , including `` Rainman '' and `` Batman . '' 
But the court jester appears to be Japan 's smallest car maker , Daihatsu Motor Co . 
Millicom said it would build and operate the system in Pakistan with Comvik International AB , part of the Kinnevik group of Sweden , and Arfeen International , Pakistan . 
Running the nation 's largest and most ornery city may be no treat , but at least Mr. Dinkins knows what to expect from it . 
Perhaps even more offensive is the statement , `` It is surprising that George Bush and the White House inner circle would ally themselves with this crabby philosophy . '' 
September 's Hang Seng Consumer Price Index , which measures price changes for the 10 % of urban households spending HK$ 10,000 and HK$ 24,999 a month , was up 11 % from a year ago and up 1.3 % from August . 
Mr. Lynch left Wang this summer for Oracle Systems Inc. , a software vendor . 
The harder he tried to push them into large piles , the closer he came to breaking the rake and straining his back . 
When the plant was destroyed , `` I think everyone got concerned that the same thing would happen at our plant , '' a KerrMcGee spokeswoman said . 
Revenue was $ 41.2 million , up from $ 27.5 million . 
She ordered the foyer done in a different plaid planting , and made the landscape architects study a book on tartans . 
It also had both the fewest , and least experienced , investigators per million contracts traded . 
Maurice Warren , 56-year-old group managing director , was named chief executive officer of this food and agriculture group . 
Still , the book produces more smoke than a smoldering sofa , along with a few flames , especially concerning the use of steroids . 
Unless Mr. Lawson 's resignation leads to a change in British interest-rate policy -- Mrs. Thatcher 's administration firmly supports high interest rates to keep inflation in check -- or posturing toward full inclusion in the European Monetary System 's exchange-rate mechanism , Mr. Lawson 's withdrawal will have little long-term impact on exchange rates , Mr. Chandross concluded . 
Source : International Data Corp . 
Mr. Schantz was vice president and chief operating officer of the Acrylic division of Polycast Technology Corp . 
Sulzer preferred him to financier Tito Tettamanti , whose secretive raid on the company 's stock had led to a bitter battle . 
Philip Morris slipped 1\/2 to 43 7\/8 , while Sara Lee closed unchanged at 60 1\/8 . 
It was during those hearings that the nation first learned the breadth and depth of Gen. Noriega 's criminality , and of his enduring relationships with a variety of U.S. government agencies . 
`` Everyone is waiting for GNP , '' says Walter Simon , an assistant treasurer with Bank Julius Baer & Co . 
The politics of the 1990 congressional authorization are likely to be similar to those of previous authorizations . 
Step 2 examines how four progressively lower budget scenarios would change the baseline and how these changes would affect our national security . 
Each index point represents a $ 500 profit for each S&P 500 contract held . 
Mine comes from seeing thriving communities devastated -- but only temporarily . 
But with industrial growth stagnant and inflation showing signs of easing , some voices may call for measures to pump new life into the economy . 
`` You ca n't buy anything nowadays . 
The Treasury 's report , which is required annually by a provision of the 1988 trade act , again took South Korea to task for its exchange-rate policies . 
That 's because they only drop `` mere names , '' says Mr. Churchill . 
By some estimates , Brazil 's internal debt , or combined public deficit , could reach 6.5 % of its $ 351 billion gross domestic product . 
In addition , some of the proposals are so close , that non-financial issues such as timing may play a more important role . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a unit of General Motors Corp. , got a $ 10.3 million Air Force contract for airborne-radar equipment . 
The pound strengthened to $ 1.5795 from $ 1.5765 . 
UAL finished at 170 , off 8 3\/8 . 
The year-ago per-share earnings are adjusted to reflect a 2-for-1 stock split last May . 
The pension 's size still depends on how much produce he sells the state . 
Under two new features , participants will be able to transfer money from the new funds to other investment funds or , if their jobs are terminated , receive cash from the funds . 
Trying to manage exchange rates to some desired level , he said , `` would mean diverting monetary and fiscal policies from their customary roles and thereby risking excessive inflation and unemployment and inadequate capital formation . '' 
Then , Mr . Will says , `` you get a bidding war between two very rich , very determined international companies . '' 
RJR Nabisco Inc. and American Brands Inc. say they have no plans to follow Philip Morris 's lead . 
Westmoreland expects energy demand to grow annually in the 2.5 % range in the early 1990s . 
Price Co. jumped 2 1\/4 to 44 on 1.7 million shares . 
It turned out their children had been dialing a `` sex fantasy '' service in the U.S. . 
At the same time , abortion foes have developed a national legislative strategy , deciding to move on what Jacki Ragan , the National Right to Life Committee 's director of state organizational development , calls `` reasonable measures that an overwhelming mainstream majority of Americans support . '' 
The Secaucus , N.J. , company has formed a joint venture with a distributor called La Lecheria to market a higher-fat milk targeted at Hispanic consumers . 
The operational freedom has also given Federal a leg up on archrival United Parcel Service Inc. , the nation 's largest employer of United Brotherhood of Teamsters members . 
`` Mega or non-mega , we feel the prospectus standards need to be considerably improved , '' he says . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 6.76 points in a spate of bargain-hunting following last week 's declines . 
`` My sense is what they have in mind is an excuse for clamping down on campaigning '' by creating an atmosphere of a military emergency , he said . 
`` I ca n't do anything score-wise , but I like meeting the girls . '' 
Mr. Icahn may not want to sell out unless he can get a special dividend similar to one he received before selling his stake in Texaco Inc. in June -- a coup that gave him enough cash to make his USX move . 
( listening ) `` Yeah . 
Meanwhile , a state court judge has allowed the charity to go on soliciting funds . 
Earlier this year , Time even discussed bringing Tele-Communications in as an investor in HBO , executives at both companies said . 
For the latest nine months , Spiegel 's net climbed a solid 47 % to $ 23.8 million , or 46 cents a share , from $ 16.2 million , or 34 cents . 
Anheuser-Busch plunged 4 3\/8 to 38 1\/2 on 3.5 million shares . 
The most striking example yesterday may have been in community development funds , where the two houses had separately approved a total of 27 projects valued at $ 20 million , and the conference added 15 more valued at $ 8 million to ostensibly preserve `` balance '' between the House and Senate . 
Chemical and six other banks , along with First Boston , are providing the rest of the $ 1.6 billion . 
He says he has never even dined with gangsters . 
According to the Direct Marketing Association , total direct mail -- to both businesses and consumers -- jumped 50 % to 65.4 billion pieces in 1988 from five years earlier . 
Moreover , it 's trying to transfer its skill at designing military equipment to commercial ventures . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index fell 1.69 to 341.16 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.88 to 188.89 . 
However , the Panama episode has raised questions about whether the NSC staff is sufficiently big , diverse and powerful to coordinate U.S. policy on tough issues . 
For those who do n't need their personalized information moment by moment , some services are offering overnight newsletters . 
Nekoosa also is being advised by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Security consultant Dennis Dalton of Ventura , Calif. , thinks mergers often trigger longer lunch hours and increased absenteeism , conduct which can sap the bottom line more than thefts . 
`` We 've had whopping declines in consumer energy prices in each of the past three months , and at the wholesale level those are fully behind us now , '' said Jay Woodworth , chief domestic economist at Bankers Trust Co. in New York . 
In a new report , the International Council of Shopping Centers said sales of general merchandise in the West for the first seven months of 1989 rose 6.6 % above year-earlier levels . 
`` On days that I 'm really busy , '' says Ms. Foster , who works in public relations for the company , `` it seems decadent to take time off for a massage . '' 
Tandy Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire two units of Datatronic AB of Stockholm for cash . 
And , with many of his 70,000 workers , Mr. Smith 's damn-the-torpedoes attitude has caught on . 
On June 30 , loss reserves stood at $ 108.3 million . 
Sales fell 1.5 % to $ 884 million from $ 897.2 million . 
At Chemfix Technology Inc. , each supervisor 's recommendation must be approved by the next boss up the line , and then sanctioned by a salary review committee . 
Business leaders have long criticized the agency as a leading example of bureacratic waste . 
Even least-cost environmental solutions will require billions of dollars . 
Officials said South Korea 's trade surplus with the U.S. for the first nine months of the year totaled $ 3.49 billion , down 43 % from the same period last year on a customs-clearance basis . 
Also , CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit , the fifth-biggest program trader in September , is `` preparing a response '' to the program-trading outcry , officials of the firm said . 
Foreign Bonds 
The committee intends to meet next week to make a recommendation on the new plan . 
They simply got carried away with interpreting what the executive order banning assassinations really meant . 
And expect slower fastballs . 
Going into the 1990s , the GOP is paying a price for the same conservative social agenda that it used to torment Democrats in the past . 
The poverty threshold , defined as three times food expenses as calculated by the Agricultural Department , last year was $ 12,092 for a family of four . 
Drexel does n't have a Delaware office , but the New York firm has been negotiating settlements that would allow it to operate freely nationwide despite its record as an admitted felon . 
Graham Beale , manager of foreign-exchange operations at Hong Kong & Shanghai Banking Corp. in New York , added that Mrs. Thatcher 's comments reinforced the market 's growing confidence about sterling and compounded the unit 's later decline . 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
The company already is gearing up for a renaissance of nuclear power even though it has n't received an order for a domestic nuclear plant in a decade . 
In recent weeks , China 's leaders have recentralized trading in wool and scores of chemical products and commodities . 
Some activists are toiling to raise the profile of the two causes . 
GE Chairman John Welch has been `` besieged with phone calls '' complaining about his unit 's program trading , according to a person close to him . 
Barbara Donovan , an expert on East Germany at Radio Free Europe in Munich , says Mr. Krenz may project a smooth image , but she doubts he 's a true reformer . 
This scheme would fit the Arias Plan , which declared a false symmetry between Soviet military aid to the Sandinista dictatorship and that provided by Washington to freely elected governments . 
He waits to talk about it until after he gets caught . '' 
The move by the coalition of political parties and Lebanon 's largest Christian militia isolated military chief Aoun , who has rejected the plan , which includes political changes and a Syrian troop withdrawal from Beirut . 
Both estimates would mark declines from the 1988 net of $ 5.81 billion , or $ 9.80 a share , which itself was well below the record IBM set in 1984 . 
The letter outlines broad powers for an independent group of directors provided for in the revised offer . 
Some critics say they wo n't be quickly embraced by consumers because of the high price . 
I expected to see more volatility as some of the institutions who were spooked last Friday did some selling , '' said Raymond F. DeVoe , a market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker , Baltimore . 
Further , GSX will buy $ 1 million of Enviropact common stock , at $ 2.625 a share , plus an option to acquire an additional $ 1.5 million of common at the same price , the company said . 
But according to Doug Madison , a corporate trader with Bank of America in Los Angeles , a large number of short positions must first be corrected , spurring a temporary upswing , before the unit can turn lower . 
Ratners , which controls 25 % of the British jewelry market , would increase the number of its U.S. stores to about 450 stores from 360 . 
Third-quarter earnings at both companies were below analysts ' forecasts . 
Warner described as `` nonsense '' yesterday Sony 's assertions in prior court filings that Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters could in theory run Columbia while still fulfilling their contract to produce movies for Warner . 
Shares of KinderCare Inc. closed at 3 1\/2 , also up 1\/4 , on volume of 700,000 . 
That might have been considered hyperinflation not long ago , but Argentina endured price increases of almost 200 % in July before bringing the rate down sharply in August and September . 
But this time , China faces a more difficult battle because of economic forces that have come into play since the Tiananmen Square killings June 4 . 
Without buffer stocks , inflation exploded . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
In order to defuse pressure for an amendment , Mr. Mitchell and House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) had arranged for lawmakers to pass a statute barring flag desecration before voting on the constitutional change . 
Analysts have continually lowered their earnings estimates for the company , and their outlook , at least for the short term , is bleak . 
David W. Lodge was elected vice president and chief financial officer , effective Nov. 1 . 
At the opening of the New York Mercantile Exchange , West Texas Intermediate for November delivery shot up 10 cents a barrel , to $ 20.85 , still on the belief that the refineries were damaged . 
Under the plan , Costa Rica will buy back roughly 60 % of its bank debt outstanding at a deeply discounted price , according to officials involved in the agreement . 
Mr. Bush said the group is to `` focus on economic sectors where U.S. expertise and cooperation can indeed make a difference . '' 
They said , ` Too bad , ' so we finally said we 're not going to do business with them . '' 
In such an arrangement , `` all benefit , '' he said . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , LTV Corp. and Armco Inc. all have plans to build additional lines for such coated corrosion-resistant steel . 
Mark Solow , senior managing director at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , says the falloff in junk bonds may yet open new business opportunities to banks in structuring takeovers . 
Consider the difficulties faced by Audi salespeople when the car was tainted by false charges of sudden acceleration , or Exxon dealers ' problems in the wake of the Valdez oil spill . 
Debora Foster takes off her necklace , settles herself on a padded chair and gently leans forward . 
`` A kind of no-mistakes mentality '' had been stifling activity , says Don Covey , Mitchell 's oil exploration chief . 
Without such reforms , credit programs will continue to be a large-scale , high-risk proposition for taxpayers . 
The industry executives said that , as usual with such broad announcements from IBM , this one will be part reality and part strategy . 
Stop Order : Stop orders tell a floor broker to buy or sell an investment once the price reaches a certain level . 
The proposed holding company would also consolidate Great American Bank in San Diego and its Tucson , Ariz. , savings bank into a single , federally chartered institution in San Diego . 
One reason for its downfall was the murder trial of D.C. Stephenson , an Indiana leader whose reckless career is depicted in this film starring Mel Harris ( `` thirtysomething '' ) and John Heard . 
`` We 're just recovering and getting back to business as usual . 
It was a gutsy move for a little-known executive , fired after only two months as president of his previous company . 
Although the board believed that Mr. Icahn is more interested in talking the stock price higher than acquiring USX , it adopted a poison-pill defense , to be swallowed if anyone amasses a 15 % stake . 
Computer companies ; commodity cyclical stocks , like autos ; and retailing stocks , he says . 
The Bush administration said it is submitting a `` comprehensive '' proposal for overhauling agricultural trade that could help break an impasse in the current round of multilateral trade negotiations . 
He adds : `` If for any reason I do n't have the values , then I wo n't recommend it . '' 
Mr. Miller vetoed that : `` Even I ca n't understand all the footnotes , '' he says . 
`` Many of the branches are very lucrative , '' she says . 
`` Everyone is extremely convinced the economy is slowing , '' says one senior New York dealer . 
Healthcare has given HealthVest a 12 % note for that overdue amount , to be repaid over three years . 
Thermo Electron acquired some 6 % of Milton Roy 's common stock before throwing in the towel and reducing its stake in early September . 
Columbia , S.C . 
First Boston financings for several other highly leveraged clients , including Ohio Mattress , unraveled as the high-risk junk bond market plummeted . 
`` I think 1990 will be another mediocre year , '' said Steve Milunovich of First Boston . 
Roche Holding AG , parent of the Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said its group sales rose 22 % in the first nine months of the year to 7.32 billion francs ( $ 4.51 billion ) . 
Copper futures prices failed to extend Friday 's rally . 
Continued uncertainty about the timing of the consortium 's debut could make it hard to find a # 450 million cash injection . 
Nixdorf Computer AG , citing continued profitability problems , said it will have to reduce personnel further , notably in research and development sectors . 
The commission found that if the British government attempted to block the merger , Rhone-Poulenc would likely respond by closing the salicylates plant Monsanto operates in Wales , removing the matter from U.K. jurisdiction . 
Shiseido predicted that sales for the year ending next March 31 will be 318 billion yen , compared with 340.83 billion yen in the year ended Nov. 30 , 1988 . 
Once the price reaches that level , a stop order turns into a market order , and the order is filled at whatever price the broker can get . 
But Santa Fe , currently trading at 18 7\/8 , is n't likely to realize private market values by selling assets , because the tax against it would be onerous . 
Because the Sago is relatively rare and grows only a couple of inches a year , it 's a pricey lawn decoration : A two-foot tall Sago can retail for $ 1,000 , and taller ones often fetch $ 3,000 or more . 
The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that pilots failed to set the plane 's wing flaps and slats properly for takeoff and failed to make mandatory preflight checks that would have detected the error . 
The man handling all this for the now-deceased Slaughter is Major Manley Battle , Mr. Gelbart 's stand in for Col. Oliver North . 
In Newark , U.S. Attorney Samuel A. Alito said , `` I do n't think there 's any legal reason to limit forfeiture of attorney 's fees to drug cases . '' 
But that deal fell through in September after it became clear that the sale would lead to a major real estate tax reassessment , raising property taxes , and making it difficult to lease the building at competitive prices . 
Fashion industry consultants also question whether the company can make significant strides in its women 's business , given that its customer base is less established and that conservative business dress for women is on the decline . 
Blacks and Hispanics currently make up 38 % of the city 's population and hold only 25 % of the seats on the council . 
He says he sold the stock to avoid conflict-of-interest problems in his role as a voting member of the city 's Board of Estimate . 
Thrifts raised capital mostly by selling mortgages and mortgage-backed securities , which were reduced by $ 7.8 billion in August from the prior month . 
If the market surges , holders can make that much more profit ; the leverage effectively acts as an interest-free margin account for investors . 
This has n't much bothered the UNESCO delegates , who last week could n't even agree to raise funds by selling off a fancy 19th-century French chateau the agency somehow owns . 
Oil companies world-wide will have `` to spend a lot of money for the cleaner fuels that will be required , '' says John H. Lichtblau , the president of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation . 
( Both men declined to be interviewed for this article . ) 
Neither Mr. Hnilica , Mr. Carboni nor Vatican officials could be reached for comment over the weekend . 
He gave those bureaucrats charge of all naval operations in the Persian Gulf and Indian Ocean . 
The Washington , D.C. , think tank recommends that the courts adopt different `` tracks '' for different types of civil cases in order to separate the handling of highly complex suits from simpler ones . 
`` Banco Popular just kept waiting , '' said Edward Thompson , a vice president and analyst at Thomson BankWatch Inc. in New York . 
The issue 's yield rose to 7.93 % from 7.88 % . 
This provision met early and strong resistance from investment bankers worried about disruptions in their clients ' portfolios . 
We do not know whether RU-486 will be as disastrous as some of the earlier fertility-control methods released to unblinking , uncritical cheers from educated people who should have known better . 
The public made up its mind about Gen. Noriega largely as a result of the hearings I chaired in the Subcommittee on Terrorism and Narcotics of the Foreign Relations Committee on Feb. 8 , 9 , 10 and 11 , 1988 , and again on April 4 , 1988 . 
Mr. Anderson , a former Lott aide , received campaign assistance from the senator and from President Bush , who visited the district last week . 
Recently the industry has faced the threat of new restrictions , and political donations may have been made with the intent to bribe . 
Activists fear that if the shuttle carrying Galileo into orbit should explode , or if Galileo itself crashes into the Earth during the two times it flies close to the planet , fatal levels of plutonium would be released into the atmosphere . 
When Nucor Corp. begins shipping steel from the world 's first thin-slab plant this month , it will begin testing the competitive mettle of its giant competitors . 
-- The banks will threaten not to make further loans , but in truth , lacking the capital to write off their mistakes or to build a navy , they have no alternative but to go along . 
That cut short the rally in Treasury bonds and depressed prices moderately below late Monday 's levels . 
Not only do the actors stand outside their characters and make it clear they are at odds with them , but they often literally stand on their heads . 
The portion of OTC volume attributable to program trading is n't known , as it is on the New York Stock Exchange , where it amounted to more than 13 % in September . 
1 ) Foreclosed homes could be sold by the FHA for no down payment ( the biggest obstacle to young buyers ) , but with personal liability for the mortgage ( no walking away by choice ) . 
Gen-Probe agreed to be bought by Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million . 
Hens sometimes pass salmonella to the eggs , and it can also be found on unclean shells . 
The candidates have been crisscrossing this huge country of 145 million people , holding rallies and televised debates in hope of being elected to what must be one of the world 's most thankless political jobs : trying to drag Brazil out of its economic and social mess . 
The companies said the accord was unanimously approved by a special committee of Erbamont directors unaffiliated with Montedison . 
The $ 1.1 billion T. Rowe Price High Yield Fund was among the funds that borrowed during the Campeau crisis , says George J. Collins , president of T. Rowe Price Associates Inc . 
Dozens of Guber-Peters staffers are still working on the Warner lot and consulting on various projects on a `` daily basis , '' the attorney says . 
The environment can no longer be a normal issue , to be dealt with on a business-as-usual basis with comfortable increments of change . 
Proceeds from the borrowings under the credit agreement will be used to pay an $ 80 million cash dividend to Macmillan and to lend the remainder of about $ 128 million to Maxwell Communications in connection with a promissory note . 
Interstate banking is scheduled to begin in California in 1991 , and larger California banks , such as Wells Fargo & Co. , have been paying fat premiums to buy smaller banks to control markets before any out-of-state banks enter the fray . 
On the other hand , so long as Mr. Gorbachev is easing his grip on his empire , everyone we 've heard agrees that the U.S. can benefit by engaging him . 
Two years later , he opened one in West Germany . 
That division 's revenue rose 2.3 % to $ 472.5 million from $ 461.9 million in the year-ago period . 
The other two options consist of swapping loans for bonds with 6.25 % interest rates , or providing fresh loans . 
`` He does n't want to have the image of the gun man , '' says Fred Oldenburg , an expert at the Bonn-sponsored Institute of East European and International Studies in Cologne . 
Generally they maintain that , barring a recession and a further strengthening of the dollar against foreign currencies , the industry is n't headed for a prolonged slump . 
`` The ( CD ) market is unsettled right now , '' said Banxquote 's Mr. Mehl . 
In my opinion , this is not true . 
When Lincoln was seized by the government , for example , 15 % of its loans , or $ 250 million , were to borrowers who were buying real estate from one of American Continental 's 50 other subsidiaries , according to Mr. Seidman . 
While no one has tracked how many company mail rooms throw out junk mail , direct-mail advertising firms say the number is growing . 
`` This decision will have a very considerable impact , '' said Kenneth Abraham , professor of environmental law and insurance law at the University of Virginia , because many commercial insurance policies are issued by companies based in New York . 
But there are ample rewards in its plaintive slow sections and virtuoso fireworks for soloist , brass and timpani . 
The Japanese government , Mr. Godown said , has stated that it wants 10 % to 11 % of its gross national product to come from biotechnology products . 
The pilots put the amount as high as $ 100 million , the company at $ 65 million . 
The reasons are complex , but one simple reason ought not to be underestimated . 
But it is not Janet Malcolm who calls him such : his own words reveal this psychological profile . '' 
These include the extension of liability into areas beyond those established by judicial precedent and the expansion of liability to include punitive damages . 
Net sank to $ 3.1 million , or eight cents a share , including $ 789,000 , or two cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
As with many other goods , the American share of Japan 's PC market is far below that in the rest of the world . 
He describes a reporter as `` Miss First Amendment . '' 
`` But that 's just the time when you should be buying them . '' 
Separately , Reebok completed the acquisition of CML Group Inc. 's Boston Whaler unit , a builder of power boats . 
To offset sluggish sales growth , companies have been cutting staff , mostly through attrition , and slowing the growth in research and development spending . 
Mr. Krampe also said that Mercedes plans to bring out new models every year through the mid-1990s and it will shorten its product development cycle to eight years from 10 or 12 years to compete more effectively with Toyota Motor Corp. 's Lexus , Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti and Honda Motor Co. 's Acura luxury-car divisions . 
( Another one-third are already on Medicaid when they enter the nursing homes , a considerably higher proportion than the analysts anticipated . ) 
Mr. McDonough is about to tackle his biggest clean-air challenge yet , the proposed Warsaw Trade Center in Poland , the first such center in Eastern Europe . 
After the payment , the Cleveland company owes $ 57 million on the loan . 
The broadcast and publishing company reported net climbed to $ 80.8 million , or $ 4.56 a share , from $ 62.6 million , or $ 3.55 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
He notes that the Marshall Plan of U.S. aid to Europe `` did n't just throw money at post-war Europe , it also liberalized and opened up those markets . '' 
But it 's more like an illustration of what Ben Stein describes in his study of social attitudes in the TV industry : `` Fear of violence and animosity ... because of race or religion , fear and lack of comprehension about the politics of small-town people ... produce a powerful wave of dislike of small towns in the minds of TV writers and producers . '' 
If they finish today , the Sharpshooter can pump tomorrow . 
The baccalaureate bonds -- tax-free , offered in small denominations and usually containing a provision that they wo n't be called before maturity -- seem to be tailor-made for college savers . 
Mr. Fedders is philosophical about his travails . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a proposal by StatesWest to acquire it or merge . 
The remaining 51 % of the joint venture will be controlled by Polish lubricants manufacturers , refiners and technical institutes . 
And in any case , he argues , stocks of small companies are `` almost as overpriced as they were Sept. 30 , 1987 , just before the crash . '' 
Crises larger and more dangerous to the quality of life than they were 10 years ago . 
Ford Motor said it raised its stake in the British car maker to 12.45 % of the ordinary shares outstanding . 
Although such sessions may never replace coffee breaks , on-site massage , as it is known in the trade , is certainly infiltrating corporate America . 
`` And short-term , the technicians may have their way . '' 
American Express 's share of Shearson 's earnings was $ 41 million , after preferred stock dividends ; it owns about 68 % of Shearson 's common . 
Bank Building , which expects to report a fourth-quarter loss , said it engaged advisers to `` explore financial alternatives for the company including the possible sale of the company or one or more of its units . '' 
In contrast , he says , `` The stock market gained back only about half what it lost Friday , and the { government } bond market lost about half what it gained Friday . '' 
Domestic lending for real estate and property development was the source of Bank Bumiputra Malaysia Bhd. 's most recent spate of financial troubles , the institution 's executive chairman , Mohamed Basir Ismail , said . 
`` I did n't expect it to be this quiet . 
The most immediate effect is in New York , where former manufacturers of the anti-miscarriage drug DES -- the synthetic female hormone diethylstilbestrol -- face the prospect of shared liability for damages in many of the 700 to 1,000 DES lawsuits pending in that state . 
Abbie lies back and leaves the frame empty . 
Meanwhile , the $ 50 million of Series C bonds , which are suject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.25 % in 1990 to 7.10 % to 2000 . 
The cable programmer said the loss will consist primarily of prepayment penalties , and unamortized issue discount and costs related to its just-completed $ 1.6 billion refinancing of its long-term debt and some preferred stock in one of its subsidiaries . 
Israel has long claimed Mr. Arafat never meant to renounce terrorism , particularly because he and his lieutenants reserved the right to press `` armed struggle '' against the Jewish state . 
At the core of it all is a love for plants . '' 
Investors , for instance , may mistakenly assume that the bank or company that originally held the assets is guaranteeing the securities . 
Net for the New Brunswick , N.J. , maker of health-care products climbed to $ 265 million , or 80 cents a share , from $ 240 million , or 71 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
Southam said the level of future investment required by the paper would have restricted its options in other areas . 
Among these crimes are murder on federal land , presidential assassination and espionage . 
LIN would have a priority right to pursue all opportunities to acquire U.S. cellular interests in markets other than those in which McCaw holds an interest , or which are contiguous to those markets , unless LIN has an interest there or contiguous to it . 
Investor Asher Edelman increased his stake in Intelogic Trace Inc. and cleared the way for additional purchases . 
This figure could be estimated using techniques employed by private lenders to forecast losses , or determined by selling loans to private owners ( without federal guarantees ) . 
`` I was convinced that what was true of retinoblastoma would be true for all cancers . '' 
Edward J.M. Little , one of the assistant U.S. attorneys who prosecuted the case , said the Garcia trial `` is the last of the Wedtech prosecutions . '' 
Mr. Threlkeld said the copper market seems to be anticipating a recession in three months , with declining use being the result . 
With inflation surging , the pound began falling against the mark . 
And debt-ridden Campeau Corp. of Toronto is giving up the 17-store Bloomingdale 's group . 
The 473 funds tracked by the Investment Company Institute , a Washington-based trade group , rose to $ 356.1 billion , a record . 
The newly merged company will have 165 branches in Puerto Rico and 27 branches outside of the island . 
The biggest foreign inroads , though , have been made by bourbon . 
By a lopsided 97-1 margin , the Senate approved the measure after attaching further provisions sought by the influential California delegation and , despite reservations , the House adopted the bill on a 303-107 roll call . 
This decision resulted in at least some drugs entering the United States as a hidden cost of the war . '' 
Dell Computer Corp. , squeezed by price pressure from its larger competitors and delays in its new product line , said its per-share earnings for fiscal 1990 will be half its previous forecasts . 
Mr. Gale is an assistant professor of economics at UCLA . 
Last May , he sold his 24 % stake in Barris to a passive Australian investor and Barris was renamed Guber Peters Entertainment Co . 
`` At the end of the third quarter , there was still no evidence of renewed home building in response to the midyear decline of mortgage rates , '' Mr. Christie said . 
That 's because it reduces the cost of the stock by the amount of premium received from the sale of the call . 
Mr. Lee values the package at between $ 15 and $ 20 a share , based on current trading prices of other casino-company stocks . 
Futures and options also make it possible to build `` synthetic '' index funds that do n't actually own a single share of stock , but can produce returns that match or exceed the broad stock market . 
But some bond market analysts said that could quickly change if property casualty insurance companies scramble to sell portions of their municipal portfolios to raise cash to pay damage claims . 
`` The vans leave at least 15 minutes earlier , on average , than they used to . 
However , the bridge , which charges a $ 1 toll each way , does have `` loss of income '' insurance to replace lost revenue if the operation of the bridge is interrupted for more than seven days . 
Mr. Schwarz , who is president of U.S. Trust , will be succeeded in that post by Jeffrey S. Maurer , 42 , who is executive vice president in charge of the company 's asset-management group . 
These insurance company contracts feature some of the same tax benefits and restrictions as non-deductible individual retirement accounts : Investment gains are compounded without tax consequences until money is withdrawn , but a 10 % penalty tax is imposed on withdrawals made before age 59 1\/2 . 
The measure is expected to come before the House today , and Congress is under pressure to complete action before midnight EDT tomorrow , when the current continuing resolution expires . 
Mr. Hardis said truck-fleet operators appear to be cautious about buying new trucks until they see how the economy behaves . 
Almost simultaneously , PaineWebber began a very visible buy program for dozens of stocks . 
Since most of the unit 's real estate is in California , the pension fund will be a useful political ally in a state where development is often held hostage to zoning boards . 
Only for cigarettes , mayonnaise and toothpaste did more than 60 % of users say they typically stick with the same brand . 
Since KKR bought RJR in February for $ 25 billion of debt , it has agreed to sell nearly $ 5 billion of RJR assets . 
The document is to be discussed at a conference of leading economists late this month , and will probably be presented to the Soviet Parliament for consideration this year . 
The U.S. Department of Agriculture estimates that this year Americans will eat about 40 % more fresh apples per capita than the Japanese . 
And because general retail centers such as ComputerLand have little presence in Japan , sales remain in the iron grip of established computer makers . 
By 10:30 a.m. the Dow was down 62.70 . 
Executives at Sharon declined to comment on the proposal . 
In the 1988 fourth quarter , Ford had net of $ 1.16 billion , or $ 2.42 a share . 
Advertisers are resisting higher prices , which would help close the gap . 
Figures assume a 7 % annual rise in tuition , fees , room and board and an 8 % annual investment return . 
But most investment advisers do n't recommend using married puts all the time . 
Economists in Moscow are now proposing that the state start a system of unemployment benefits . 
Bush said Washington would continue a trade embargo against Nicaragua , declaring that the Central American country poses `` an unusual and extraordinary threat '' to the security of the U.S. . 
The heavy-construction sector was the session 's best performer among Dow Jones industry groups ; Fluor rose 3\/4 to 33 3\/8 , Morrison Knudsen gained 2 1\/4 to 44 1\/8 , Foster Wheeler added 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 and Ameron climbed 2 3\/8 to 39 3\/4 . 
`` We 've had the Russians and Chinese , and people from India visiting us , '' Mr. Iverson beams . 
The 1988 results include a $ 10.7 million charge stemming from a litigation judgment . 
The spending could be exempted from meeting deficit-reduction targets in the Gramm-Rudman budget law . 
The revenue will be regained in the current period , he added . 
Most banking issues retreated after a sector downgrade by Warburg Securities , although National Westminister showed strength on positive comments from brokerage firms about its long-term prospects . 
Many retailers are worried that a price war could erupt this Christmas if cash-strapped firms such as Campeau slash prices to spur sales . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 15 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 72 days ; 8.375 % 73 to 96 days ; 8.125 % 97 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
Mr. Allday , an attorney in Midland , Texas , has been solicitor at the Interior Department . 
`` It increasingly appears that 1987-88 was a temporary inflation blip and not the beginning of a cyclical inflation problem , '' argued Edward Yardeni , chief economist at Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. in New York . 
All orders-related components , such as consumer-goods orders and building permits , are thought to have been weaker . 
Here is an example . 
Democrats asked in this week for discussions with President Bush have suggested ways of `` tinkering '' with the Packwood-Roth proposal , suggesting an interest in looking for a modified version they can back , one official said . 
Some people may think of nerds as calculator-toting , socially awkward individuals with shirt-pocket liners for their pencils and a preoccupation with computers and matters numerical . 
He turned himself in to authorities in New York earlier this year . 
Instead , both congressional and administration officials agreed , it grew out of talks about coup-planning in Panama that were initiated by the administration in July 1988 and stretched into last October . 
Late last week federal regulators ordered the thrift institution to stop paying dividends on its preferred stock -- a move that suggests deep concern about an institution . 
Terms were n't disclosed for the plant , which will have annual capacity of 600,000 tons . 
Troubled chains could see their sales drop as much as 8 % , he believes , as managers distracted by fears about the future allow their stores to get sloppy . 
The firm sometimes buys S&P 500 futures when they are selling at a discount to the actual stocks , and will switch back and forth between stocks and stock-index futures to take advantages of any momentary price discrepencies . 
Prior to this episode , Sen. Christopher Dodd ( D. , Conn. ) , sensing an open field , undertook a personal diplomatic mission through Central America to promote an early disbanding of the rebels . 
Expect , of course , sky-high prices on other dates near the holidays when the airlines know vacationers are eager to travel . 
Mr. Ericson says he tries to offset the leverage by diversifying the fund 's portfolio . 
The coalition would include the current Vietnamese-backed Hun Sen regime , the two non-communist resistance groups led by Son Sann and Prince Sihanouk , and the Khmer Rouge . 
Anheuser said its new strategy -- started in some markets last month and expected to be applied soon in selected markets nationwide -- will mean lower-than-anticipated earnings for the last half of 1989 and for 1990 . 
\* Includes results of Denny 's Inc. , acquired in September 
With 15 seconds of trading to go , Mr. Jacobson , with what voice he had left , announced to the trading mob : `` We 're going to trade one price on the bell . '' 
The dividend increase was Du Pont 's second this year , an affirmation of statements by top executives that they intend to increase rewards to shareholders . 
The Dow Jones industrials gained 4.92 , to 2643.65 . 
Or call it the wave of the future . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
The Indian stock markets have been on a five-year high , with dips and corrections , since Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi started liberalizing industry . 
Hoses and plastics together account for about 42 % of Trinova 's total annual sales . 
After the collapse of the last effort , the group does n't plan to make any formal proposal without binding commitments from banks covering the entire amount to be borrowed . 
Tax-loss sellers , those investors who sell loss-making stocks so they can deduct their losses from this year 's income , are also getting out , Mr. Mills said . 
The dollar drew strength from the stock market 's climb . 
`` Sears is likely to be unsuccessful if it continues with its pricing policy when everyone else is offering unusual values . '' 
Technically , Mr. Kaiser noted that a lot of traders had bought into the market when the price was in the $ 1.24 to $ 1.26 range , thinking there was support at the $ 1.20 level . 
It 's little less than a cry for help from those who make the costly show possible . 
Sea Containers added that the recapitalization plan will reduce its debt by more than $ 500 million . 
That 's because quota-trained managers will likely respond better to quantity than to price signals . 
The document proposes breaking up the monolithic system of state-owned enterprises and farms and allowing a big private sector to flourish , helped by tough anti-monopoly legislation . 
A bomb exploded at a leftist union hall in San Salvador , killing at least eight people and injuring about 30 others , including two Americans , authorities said . 
The closely watched funds rate is what banks charge each other on overnight loans . 
But there are no scientific data on this question . 
-- Give the EPA more flexibility to declare a pesticide an imminent hazard and pull it from the marketplace . 
Soon we have our limit of the shimmering fish stippled in rose-gold and black . 
Mr. Ferguson said a continued softness in New York City area 's economy and increased competition , particularly in the private-line market , took a heavy toll on earnings . 
Copyright specialist Neil Boorstyn , who writes the monthly Copyright Law Journal newsletter , is joining McCutchen , Doyle , Brown & Enersen . 
`` This market is eating away my youth , '' said Chung Lew , head equity trader at Kleinwort Benson North America Inc . 
For the nine months , Storage had net of $ 25.5 million , or 98 cents a share , including an $ 11.3 million extraordinary gain for the anticipated proceeds from liquidating an Irish unit . 
To hear most U.S. growers tell it , we 'd still be in Paradise if the serpent had proffered one to Eve . 
But the 57-year-old publisher has moved quickly and boldly to deal with the magazines ' problems . 
Sales soared 28 % to $ 15.43 billion from $ 12.09 billion . 
`` Vandenberg and Rayburn are heroes of mine , '' Mr. Boren says , referring as well to Sam Rayburn , the Democratic House speaker who cooperated with President Eisenhower . 
Instead , this official said , `` This is vintage George Bush . 
The Phoenix-based holding company for Arizona 's largest bank said it added $ 121 million to its allowance for losses on loans and for real estate owned . 
Some dealers said that the market 's strong reaction to Wall Street reflects a general uneasiness about the dollar . 
At such prices , according to Mr. Savaiko , bargain hunting and short-covering -- buying back of contracts previously sold -- by speculators is n't uncommon . 
In yesterday 's edition , it was incorrectly stated that the company 's share price has softened since August 1988 . 
U.S. companies developing management teams are wrestling with how to handle individual suggestion systems . 
About 98 % of the outflow was transferred to other Fidelity funds , says Neal Litvack , a Fidelity vice president , marketing , with most going into money market funds . 
Such sudden cultural shifts may come across as a bit forced , but they seem to be genuine -- so much so , in fact , that some older employees have resisted . 
The market also was hurt by rumors that Nippon Kangyo Kakumaru , a Japanese brokerage firm , was unloading some of the 30-year bonds it recently purchased . 
Traders who had bought the goods at prices above the ceiling do n't want to take a loss on resales and are holding onto their stock . 
Some are even coming up with their own novel designs . 
Mr. Katz advocates issues with low price-earnings ratios -- that is , low prices in relation to the company 's earnings per share . 
Standard cases would require less judicial attention , and fast-track cases could be resolved quickly . 
GM launched the Geo marque this year to sell cars made in partnership with foreign auto makers , and next year GM 's long-awaited Saturn cars will make their debut . 
These provisions would be difficult to enforce for a program intended to provide a subsidy , but would be reasonable and effective devices for programs that attempt to offset market imperfections . 
Why did East Bloc participants unanimously endorse market-based pollution approaches ? 
`` After all , Warhol was the ultimate namedropper , dropping five a day in his diaries . 
The House Public Works and Transportation Committee approved a bill that would give the Transportation Department power to block airline leveraged buy-outs , despite a clear veto threat from the Bush administration . 
Warner-Lambert Co . 
Next month , NASA plans to launch a satellite to study cosmic rays dating from the birth of the universe . 
Mr. Pearce has also encouraged his staff to work more closely with GM 's technical staffs to help prevent future litigation . 
A consequence of their departure could be a serious diminution of market liquidity . 
But Ms. McCraw says the magazine is fighting back . 
Sales rose 2.8 % to $ 864.1 million , from $ 840.4 million . 
The first model available will be the 210 , which is likely to appeal to many technical and scientific buyers interested in the optional super-charger , or vector processor , says Terry Shannon of International Data Corp. , a market research concern . 
That same calculation saw profit rates fall to 4.6 % in the recession year 1982 and the supposed miracle that followed has seen the profit rate rise only to 8.1 % in 1986 and 8 % in 1987 . 
The Fletcher Challenge Canada stake was then canceled , Doman said , raising Doman 's interest in Western Forest to 56 % . 
Meanwhile , the Treasury sold $ 9.75 billion of 52-week bills yesterday . 
The company said the improved performance from a year ago reflects higher commissions and revenue from marketmaking and trading for its own account . 
Manufacturers Hanover had a loss due to a big reserve addition . 
Mr. Hixson , who resigned effective Jan. 1 for health reasons , remains a director . 
That may leave a lot of leeway for U.S. Bankruptcy Judge Burton R. Lifland to decide what , if anything , the pilots actually collect . 
A loss -- after insurance recoveries -- is deductible only to the extent that it exceeds $ 100 and that the year 's total losses exceed 10 % of adjusted gross income ; victims may pick the year when income is lower and deductions higher . 
Thus , optimistic entrepreneurs await a promised land of less red tape -- just as soon as Uncle Sam gets around to arranging it . 
People 's Savings Financial Corp. said it will buy back as much as 10 % of its 2.4 million shares outstanding because the stock is undervalued . 
It 's written ` marcato ' in the score , and I played it that way , kind of gigue-like . 
BankAmerica climbed 1 3\/4 to 30 after PaineWebber boosted its investment opinion on the stock to its highest rating . 
The fares are code-named Hugo , Compassion and Virgin Islands Aid . 
Beefeater alone is worth as much as # 300 million , analysts said . 
The average of estimates of the 10 economists polled puts the dollar around 1.8200 marks at the end of November and at 141.33 yen . 
Quantum is Sharon 's largest unsecured creditor . 
Airlines also say their frequent-flier programs are squeezing profits because awards are being redeemed at a heavier-than-normal rate . 
That leaves the state roughly $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion short . 
Intelogic Trace Inc. said it is exploring alternatives to maximize shareholder value , including the possible sale of the company . 
After completing installation of the jackets on `` one frame '' of the freeway last year , the state DOT had sent the project over to its Sacramento engineers to draw up a final design . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Seagram will run two interactive ads in December magazines promoting its Chivas Regal and Crown Royal brands . 
`` It 's a further step to better returns in the hemorrhaging defense business , '' said Steven Binder , an analyst with Bear , Stearns & Co. in New York . 
John B. Curcio , 55 years old , resigned as chairman of this diesel truck manufacturer , effective upon appointment of a successor . 
In the first quarter , Salomon had a record loss of $ 28 million on revenue of $ 1.54 billion . 
I just do n't understand it . 
The year was misstated in Friday 's editions . 
A bright spot is the company 's power-generation business , which is experiencing a surge of growth for the first time in years . 
Any secret can be pirated , the experts said , if it is transmitted over the air . 
The company also makes optical character recognition equipment . 
This has been a week of stunning events behind what was once called the Iron Curtain and interesting shifts in official American policy toward Moscow . 
Sales for the year rose almost 15 % to $ 1.34 billion from $ 1.17 billion last year . 
Which types of stocks currently have the greatest earnings risks ? 
California expects to rely on federal emergency funds and its $ 1.06 billion in general fund reserves to meet the estimated $ 500 million to $ 1 billion in damages resulting from the quake , according to a state official . 
They are worth more because they pay higher interest than newly issued bonds do . 
City dwellers love them because they shift smoothly in traffic , bounce easily over curbs and roll through road glass with far fewer flat tires than racing bikes . 
One possible political solution , an EC official said , would be for the commission to present the action program in late November , before the adoption of the charter at a summit of EC governments on Dec. 8 and 9 . 
Many of the 31,329 investors who remain are beginning to question one of the exchange 's most basic tenets , the concept of unlimited personal liability . 
Trading was moderate , with 176,100,000 shares changing hands on the New York Stock Exchange . 
A giant heater , working like a blowtorch , causes the mud to crust and burns off any wrappers . 
Baker was 68 years old when she died in Paris , two days after the sold-out opening of her newest show : a movie-like ending to what was a cinematic life . 
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , says he expects a commercial order by 1995 for the company 's AP600 nuclear power plant , which is under development . 
`` We are still looking , '' said a Deutsche Bank spokesman . 
The year-earlier period included $ 40.1 million , or 41 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
In 1988 , for example , Boston Co. had an estimated pretax profit of at least $ 110 million , while Shearson managed net income of just $ 96 million . 
A year ago , Viacom had a net loss of $ 56.9 million , or $ 1.07 a share . 
At the very least , the odds are heavily weighted against the prospects of preventing the Khmer Rouge and Cambodia 's communists from ultimately moving against their opponents . 
The meeting is expected to call for heightened austerity for two years . 
`` There can be no question of us unilaterally abandoning the armed struggle , '' he said . `` 
Winners outpaced losers , 572 to 368 , while 181 issues remained unchanged . 
Mr. Bush , former President Reagan and a host of conservative activists have been arguing that a line-item veto would go a long way in restoring discipline to the budget process . 
When interest rates have dropped , it makes sense for corporations to do just that ; they then save on interest costs . 
Downgraded by Moody 's were Houston Lighting 's first-mortgage bonds and secured pollution-control bonds to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; unsecured pollution-control bonds to Baa-1 from single-A-3 ; preferred stock to single-A-3 from single-A-2 ; a shelf registration for preferred stock to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 ; two shelf registrations for collateralized debt securities to a preliminary rating of single-A-3 from a preliminary rating of single-A-2 , and the unit 's rating for commercial paper to Prime-2 from Prime-1 . 
The new converters are `` a critical link between film and the television domain , '' says Joerg D. Agin , vice president and general manager of Kodak 's Motion Picture and Audiovisual Products division . 
Furthermore , he says , psychologists should not be allowed to analyze jurors ' personalities . 
Perhaps he 'd have called for `` a decentralized political and economic system '' without a dominant communist party . 
Investors who listened , and lightened up on stocks , `` have just hurt themselves , '' he says . 
Food is the reformer 's top priority , the key to popular support . 
Often they have found that the relevant issue is not race , but rather housing , crime prevention or education . 
The weaknesses of Continental exchanges are driving some fund managers to switch business to stocks traded on London 's stock exchange , which quotes firm trading prices for about 350 blue-chip issues from 12 major countries . 
In Singapore , per-capita consumption is about one-third that of the U.S. . 
To date , scientists have fingered two of these cancer-suppressors . 
Perhaps most important , Mr. Noriega 's allies have intervened to encourage -- in some cases , to demand -- that the dictator maintain his grip of the throne . 
Managers , he contends , `` are afraid how they 're going to look in the eyes of their peers . 
West Germany 's Quelle said it will establish a mail-order operation with two local partners in the Soviet Union next year . 
Rather , they tend to have a set of two or three favorites . 
to help some scavengers or schemers , or help corporate America ? '' 
Under the accord , Albert Roth , chairman and chief executive officer , and Arthur Chase , Sam Beigel , and Louis Polsky will resign as officers and directors of the menswear retailer . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
But in the case of the Nimitz Freeway , the lack of such support caused the core of the columns to crumble and buckle under the weight of the second deck , crushing motorists who were lined up in bumper-to-bumper rush-hour traffic on the lower deck nearly 15 feet below . 
In an interview a few months ago , he recalled how after some training at Salomon Brothers Inc. , he successfully bid for the opportunity to sell portions of 20 U.S. corporate bond issues . 
Students also are taught to return clients ' phone calls immediately and to treat the support staff with respect . 
These functions are currently performed out of Melbourne , Australia , and at Ford 's headquarters in Dearborn , Mich . 
Shin Yonehara , a research scientist at the Tokyo Metropolitan Institute of Medical Science , said the antibody he discovered works by recognizing an antigen called a Fas-antigen , which is characteristic of an infected cell . 
Real estate operating income for the first nine months fell to $ 71.9 million from $ 143 million a year earlier , the company said . 
The stock-market rally was led by blue-chip issues , but , unlike Monday 's rebound , was broadly based . 
Mr. Krenz does n't seem to be the knee-jerk hardliner many initially thought he was when the 52-year-old Politburo member was selected last week to succeed Erich Honecker . 
In the year-earlier period , Colgate posted net income of $ 60.2 million , or 88 cents a share . 
12:38 a.m . 
The subscribers are in 52 different communities in Georgia , Alabama and Mississippi . 
The trading has been blamed for much of the market 's recent volatility . 
The Federal Reserve Board said output of the nation 's factories , mines and utilities expanded at an annual rate of 1.3 % in the third quarter , substantially slower than the 3.3 % annual rate in the second quarter . 
Past Colombian government tolerance of the `` narcotraficantes '' was due to the drug lords ' history of wiping out leftists in the hinterlands . 
`` It turns out that studying a tragic but uncommon tumor made possible some fundamental insights about the most basic workings of cancer , '' says Samuel Broder , director of the National Cancer Institute . 
After a landslide win in 1984 in polls held after the assassination of his mother , Indira Gandhi , Mr. Gandhi saw his popularity begin a roller coaster ride . 
`` We will not go over a certain level , '' said David N. McCammon , Ford 's vice president for finance , at a news conference yesterday in Dearborn , Mich . 
General Electric Co. received a $ 30.6 million Air Force contract for MX-missile nose cones . 
That effect holds true for both short-term and long-term bonds . 
Most insurers already have mobilized their `` catastrophe '' teams to begin processing claims from their policyholders in northern California . 
Not everyone has jumped on the Breeden bandwagon , however . 
Before granting Ms. Volokh 's parents a visa , the government required her mother to obtain permission from her first husband , whom she had divorced 38 years earlier . 
The bottom line , however , is not economic but political reform . 
One recent Saturday morning he stayed inside the Capitol monitoring tax-and-budget talks instead of flying to San Francisco for a fund-raiser and then to his hometown of Chicago for the 30th reunion of St. Ignatius High School . 
The slowdown raises questions about the economy 's strength because spending fueled much of the third-quarter GNP growth . 
Polysilicon is used in making integrated circuits . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
The incident occurred Saturday night . 
Chubb , whose net income for the quarter exceeded most analysts ' expectations , rallied 3 3\/4 to 86 1\/2 . 
Lloyd 's claims for the 1988 Piper Alpha oil-rig disaster in the North Sea , for instance , may reach $ 1 billion . 
First Executive said the offering will raise about $ 299 million -- minus underwriting fees and other expenses -- that the company plans to use to write new life insurance and annuity business . 
All the published studies recommend that women on whom the drug proves ineffective not carry the pregnancy to term but undergo a surgical abortion . 
The U.S. market , too , is dominated by a giant , International Business Machines Corp . 
The pound also dropped precipitously against the mark , falling below the key 2.90-mark level to 2.8956 marks from 2.9622 marks late Wednesday . 
Of his 10 novels , `` The Hive '' ( 1951 ) , full of sharp vignettes of Madrid life and centered on a cafe run by Dona Rosa , a foul-mouthed , broad-based woman with blackened little teeth encrusted in filth , used to be available in English , translated by J.M. Cohen and published by Ecco Press , which now no doubt regrets relinquishing its copyright . 
Such titles are designed to convey a sense of dignified , broad-scale competence and expertise in selling today 's myriad financial products . 
The triple-A-rated issue offered a yield of only about 0.5 percentage point above four-year Treasury issues . 
Earlier this year , the Fed denied an application by Continental Bank Corp. to purchase Grand Canyon State Bank in Scottsdale , Ariz. , on grounds that Continental had n't fully complied with the Community Reinvestment Act . 
Efforts to fight the blaze were hampered because water mains were severed as well . 
They will get `` new and improved tools to sell , particularly to the affluent investor , '' says brokerage chief Charles V. Sheehan . 
The story of tumor-suppressor genes goes back to the 1970s , when a pediatrician named Alfred G. Knudson Jr. proposed that retinoblastoma stemmed from two separate genetic defects . 
Mr. Wolf and other members of the board declined to comment on the announcement . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The company benefited from continued strong demand and higher selling prices for titanium dioxide , a white pigment used in paints , paper and plastics . 
`` We 're taking on more debt than we would have liked to , '' acknowledged Michael Plouf , LIN 's vice president and treasurer . 
On Sept. 7 , I wrote on these pages about the killing and capturing of 10,000 Ethiopian soldiers by Eritrean and Tigrean guerrillas . 
Houston-based Maryland Club Foods , which had sales of about $ 200 million last year , sells coffee under the Maryland Club and Butter-Nut brands to restaurants , hotels , offices and airlines . 
And by basing donations on BK Doubles , a new double-hamburger line the fast-food chain is trying to push , Burger King works a sales pitch into its public-service message . 
Some jewelers have Geiger counters to measure topaz radiation . 
The airline also named Mickey Foret as president . 
Weirton Steel Corp. , Weirton , W. Va. , for example , is touting to homeowners fashionable steel doors , with leaded glass inserts , as a secure and energy-efficient alternative to wooden or aluminum ones . 
And when Mr. Engelken 's sister , Martha , who was born two days before the home run , reached her 25th birthday , Mr. Engelken wrote his sports hero to tell him of the coincidence of events . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
According to a report widely circulating in East Berlin , it was Mr. Krenz who ordered police to stop using excessive force against demonstrators in Leipzig . 
The cut in the dividend to 10 cents a share semiannually , from 20 cents , `` would indicate to me they do n't see the problems being fixed real quick , '' said Frank Rolfes , an analyst at Dain Bosworth Inc. in Minneapolis . 
The real estate limited partnership also said it will pay a special year-end cash distribution of 10 cents a unit . 
If the media decide to work harder at educating the public about these complex and technical issues , that hardly can be termed non-objective journalism . 
`` Day orders '' expire at the end of the day on which they are entered , `` good-till-canceled orders '' have no expiration date . 
Mr. Toussie said he would respond to Lionel 's suit after his lawyers review it . 
Those are Templeton Global Income , Templeton Emerging Markets and now the Value Fund . 
AIDS dementia -- which gradually steals children 's ability to speak , walk and think -- is often the most striking aspect of the pediatric syndrome . 
If interest rates do n't change , bond fund investors ' returns will be about equal to the funds ' current yields . 
Using a calculator and a unit-price guide for such jobs as painting , plumbing and roofing in each major region of the country , adjusters can figure out the value of a home in today 's market and what it would cost to rebuild it . 
In addition , Revco 's 1,900 stores in 27 states represent a lot of real estate , he said , and demographics are helping pharmacies : The nation 's aging population will boost demand for prescription drugs . 
The telecommunications , specialty glass , ceramic products and laboratory-services concern said the latest quarter included a tax-loss carry-forward of $ 600,000 . 
With U.S. liquor consumption declining steadily , many American producers are stepping up their marketing efforts abroad . 
His ability to match any bid has scared off many potential buyers . 
However , unlike Messrs. Graedel and Crutzen , who are both pioneers in the study of atmospheric chemistry , Mr. Teagan has no special expertise in the area . 
Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds 
As a result , Canada 's trade surplus with the U.S. narrowed to C$ 656.5 million ( US$ 558 million ) in August from C$ 1.23 billion ( US$ 1.04 billion ) in July . 
The investigation , which will be coordinated with one already under way in the U.S. , follows the discovery of what Ferranti has called a `` serious '' fraud involving its U.S. subsidiary . 
During the third quarter , it said , it won several significant contracts , including a five-year contract with the National Institutes of Health valued at an estimated $ 8 million . 
The big apparel maker and retailer said that its net income in the latest quarter increased to $ 51.1 million , or 58 cents a share , from $ 31.7 million , or 36 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But the two groups have something very important in common : They are both havens for scared money , stocks for people who hate stocks . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 68 days ; 8.30 % 69 to 89 days ; 8.125 % 90 to 119 days ; 8 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.875 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
-- Freshman football player . 
Three new issues begin trading on the New York Stock Exchange today , and one began trading on the Nasdaq\/National Market System last week . 
The first three major areas of the service sector to be revamped were expenditures by foreign students in the U.S. . ( net after expenditures by Americans studying abroad ) , some exports by professional firms ( a law firm billing a German client for services rendered in watching legislation in Washington is as much an export as shipment of an American jet engine ) , and improved data from travel and tourism . 
National Market System volume improved to 94,425,000 shares from 71.7 million Monday . 
Mr. Antar , the SEC said , made more than $ 60 million from the sale of his shares between 1985 and 1987 . 
Chrysler 's operating profit fell to a scant $ 22 million , or 10 cents a share , its lowest quarterly total in seven years . 
`` I could get AZT , '' says Mrs. Glaser , who bears her infection without any symptoms . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Last Friday , takeover traders spilled out of Hilton , knocking the stock down 21 1\/2 to 85 . 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the GOP proposal , said he intends to unveil the plan today and to offer it as an amendment to whatever legislation comes along , particularly this month 's bill to raise the federal borrowing limit . 
Having rejected central economic planning for economic reasons , and the market for fear of the social ( political ) consequences , Mr. Gorbachev seeks a `` third way '' that would combine the discipline and controls of the former with the economic benefits of the latter . 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Weisfield 's gained $ 9.50 to $ 39 . 
FEAR OF AIDS hinders hiring at few hospitals . 
The session failed to enact any new curbs . 
The proposed purchase requires approval from Investment Canada , which monitors large foreign investments in Canada . 
An accounting adjustment made net income $ 1.5 million , or 18 cents a share . 
Both episodes wiped out Bank Bumiputra 's shareholders ' funds . 
While Wall Street is retreating from computer-driven program trading , big institutional investors are likely to continue these strategies at full blast , further roiling the stock market , trading executives say . 
This gene , called `` gametocide , '' is carried into the plant by a virus that remains active for a few days . 
The crash in October 1987 and last Friday 's sell-off painfully taught some investors exactly what stop orders will and wo n't do . 
Rates approach 6.5 % on five-year municipals . 
Special Judge Galloway noted that Givens managed horse-breeding in a businesslike way : He kept detailed accounts , practiced soil conservation , enhanced his experience by consulting experts , spent several hours a day doing chores , and dropped the sideline when his best brood mare died . 
A San Francisco lawyer , Mr. Panelli rowed religiously when he first got the machine , but , he complains , it left grease marks on his carpet , `` and it was boring . 
Repeal would generate more in new taxes than the government would lose in increased Social Security benefit payments . 
12:06 a.m . 
The two `` have a wonderful chemistry -- Jon is very impulsive , and Peter is very compulsive , '' adds Mr. Birnbaum , who is now head of production at News Corp. 's 20th Century Fox Film Co . 
In a case involving Avondale Industries Inc. and its insurer , Travelers Cos. , the Second U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New York ruled in favor of the company on two issues that lawyers say are central to dozens of pollution cases around the country . 
Reagan Era Young Hold Liberal Views 
The action will establish a two-tier exchange rate . 
Advancing and declining issues finished about even . 
KKR loaded up the cable and television company with debt in an 1985 buy-out , then later sold Storer 's cable operations at a fat profit . 
Despite shutdowns of the company 's Lester and East Pittsburgh plants , the company believes it has sufficient capacity to meet near-term demand with its much smaller and more efficient manufacturing facilities in North Carolina . 
Died : Mary McCarthy , 77 , novelist and literary critic , in New York City , of cancer ... . 
The Ministry of Construction spreads concrete throughout the country and boasts in international conferences that Japan 's paved roadway per capita is the longest in the world , but they seldom think of the poor commuters who spend so much time sitting in traffic . 
Quantum Fund , based in New York , is a $ 2.1 billion investment fund managed by Soros Fund Management . 
`` I would n't say we 're out of the business . 
While it has predicted that overall growth in unit sales of personal computers is slowing to about a 10 % yearly rate , its own products are selling at a much faster rate because many are geared to the high-performance end of the market . 
Simpson is an auto parts maker . 
Really now , did she have to ask ? 
Which types of stocks are most likely to qualify ? 
He says Mr. Peters and Mr. Guber , as the contractual producers with consultation rights , have been invited to screenings and to give their input on the film . 
But he says Cane & Associates does n't receive referral fees . 
And , earlier this month , he announced the sale of the reserves of Texas Oil & Gas , which was acquired three years ago and has n't posted any significant operating profits since . 
Managers and presenters insist that chamber music concerts are a hard sell , but can audiences really enjoy them only if the music is purged of threatening elements , served up in bite-sized morsels and accompanied by visuals ? 
`` If we did n't increase prices , we 'd be in the red . '' 
Last year , the tourists left $ 3 billion with the area 's casinos , nearly 10 % more than in 1987 . 
Conner Peripherals was unchanged at 15 . 
Wall Street reacted swiftly yesterday to the disaster by bidding up stocks of construction and related companies . 
First , he suggests , GPA Group Ltd. , the international aircraft leasing company based in Ireland , could lease some of its Boeing jetliners to the Soviet airline . 
At this week 's New York City bond sale , traders expect yields on the 20-year New York bonds to nearly match the 7.9 % yield on 30-year Treasury bonds . 
During the past four months , retail sales have remained generally weak , advancing an average 0.2 % a month , the agency said . 
Union Pacific Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 500 million debt securities and warrants . 
Citizens First Bancorp . Inc. said it agreed to buy Lakeland First Financial Group Inc. , a Succasunna , N.J. , bank holding company , for about $ 50.6 million in cash and stock . 
The FASB since then has issued 102 rules , and some still rile industry . 
Paramount Communications , which completed the $ 3.35 billion sale of its Associates Corp . financial-services unit to Ford Motor , gained 1 1\/8 to 55 7\/8 after losing one point Monday amid rumors of a delay . 
Yesterday , Southam reported third-quarter earnings of C$ 10.8 million on revenue of C$ 395.4 million , down from C$ 14.6 million on revenue of C$ 389.6 million in the year-ago quarter . 
`` There are enough enlightened and spirited individuals who know their responsibilities , '' he says . 
Mr. Strieber knows a lot about aliens . 
Of the three candidates with a serious chance of winning , Mr. Collor comes closest to advocating the sort of measures that economists say are necessary . 
Odds and Ends 
`` We hear it has low priority on the House side , '' says Samuel Starr of Coopers & Lybrand , CPAs . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
The average two-year and five-year jumbos were up 0.02 of a percentage point to 7.91 % and 7.96 % , respectively . 
`` It 's very costly and time-consuming , '' says Phil Rosen , a partner in Fleet & Leasing Management Inc. , a Boston car-leasing company . 
Based on his control of about 45 % of Winnebago 's 24.7 million shares , his annual dividend income would be cut to about $ 2.2 million from $ 4.4 million . 
`` Evidently , somebody has realized it 's easy money to steal these things , '' says Loran Whitelock , a research associate specializing in cycads at the Los Angeles State and County Arboretum . 
Leveraged buy-outs may be curbed by two rules in pending congressional legislation . 
That sale , however , could still fall through if financing problems develop . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
Agents say airlines , which track ticket numbers of all stolen tickets , should be doing more to catch the thieves by confiscating the tickets when they 're used . 
The Soviet Communist Party has the power to shape corporate development and mold it into a body dependent upon it . 
They also address such taboo subjects as the likelihood of unemployment and high inflation , and recommend ways to soften the social consequences . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , BSB closed at $ 17.50 , up 12.5 cents . 
The insurer has started processing claims from the Northern California earthquake nearly two weeks ago . 
The firm brought in to strengthen the structure could be liable as well . 
But if this prompts others to consider the same thing , then it may become much more important . 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
But according to some Big Board traders , an organized campaign from exchange-listed companies might make the exchange finally consider big changes . 
Stocks : Volume 126,630,000 shares . 
The company reported a 3.1 % increase in the number of access lines in service , and also said its Southwestern Bell Mobile Systems unit added 30,000 new customers , with a current total of about 333,000 . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater confirmed that Mr. Bush was interested in the idea , but cautioned that there was n't a firm decision to try it . 
Spencer J. Volk , president and chief operating officer of this consumer and industrial products company , was elected a director . 
But as Judge Thomas M. Jenkins donned his robes so he could give final approval , the major earthquake struck , its epicenter not far from his courtroom in Redwood City , Calif . 
Concerns about the pace of the Vienna talks -- which are aimed at the destruction of some 100,000 weapons , as well as major reductions and realignments of troops in central Europe -- also are being registered at the Pentagon . 
What complicates the scene in Cambodia is that the current regime is already communist , as are its Vietnamese overseers back in Hanoi , as are the Khmer Rouge -- who are the strongest of the three guerrilla groups . 
The workers can be motivated , and the company reach its full potential , only when management embraces the employees ' perspective . 
The action increases the annual dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.08 . 
I 'm encouraged by the action . '' 
My American companion and I were left to ride alfresco in the wicker basket . 
Which makes the chase car necessary . 
Earlier this month , the White House endorsed stripping the controversial tax measure from the bill so that Congress could pass quickly a `` clean '' bill containing only provisions specifically designed to meet federal budget targets under the Gramm-Rudman act . 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorney in New York , Sandor Frankel , declined to comment on the ruling . 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average fell for the seventh-consecutive session as more investors dumped UAL shares . 
It will feature a cost-containment provision designed to keep expanded benefits from fueling higher care prices . 
Following a problem-solving formula used by teams throughout Federal Express , members of the Natick team monitored their morning routine , carefully noting where and when the work group 's resources were used effectively and where they were idle , waiting for others upstream in the process to send packages their way . 
The prepaid plans may be a good bet , provided the guarantee of future tuition is secure . 
`` If we get a decent rally { today } , maybe the buyers will come back . '' 
His rhetoric gathered momentum as he rolled into office , affirming his `` firm support of our cause '' during an anti-abortion rally three days after his inauguration last January . 
Mr. Cremonie 's firm once held about 4.8 % of H&R Block . 
Malaysia 's High Court is expected to approve the plan . 
But as many as 12,000 people marched in East Berlin after the speech to protest his election . 
Mr. Peters claims he reminded Mr. Ross that Robert Daly and Terry Semel , the top executives of the Warner Brothers studio , had `` repeatedly agreed that we had every right to accept '' an offer such as Sony 's . 
But for the next few months , these boys of summers long past are going to be reveling in an Indian summer of the soul . 
Land and Other Real Estate : Land on which primary home is built , investment property . 
Only when one is ascending -- or in our case descending a tad trop rapidement -- does one feel , well , airborne in a picnic basket . 
Philip Morris Cos. posted a 20 % jump in third-quarter profit on a 45 % revenue increase , reflecting strength in the company 's cigarette , food and brewing businesses . 
For the nine months , net was $ 7.7 million , or 41 cents a share , up 97 % from $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Wanniski is president of Polyconomics Inc. , of Morristown , N.J . 
Mr. Palicka 's picks from the OTC market include Legent , Mail Boxes Etc. , and Payco American . 
The bill is expected to pass in Congress next month . 
Most importantly , the Senate traded away the Bush administration 's controversial plan to finance the bailout , which was partly reinstated later . 
Another poked a hole in the heel of his shoe . 
Today , trading in almost any commodity can be diverted from U.S. markets with just a few strokes of a keyboard . 
For the nine months , the Morris Township , N.J.-based company , with businesses in aerospace , automotive products and engineered materials , earned $ 413 million , or $ 2.77 cents a share , up 15 % from $ 359 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
Typically , the input energy ranges from a third of a watt to one watt and the excess energy is measured in tenths of a watt . 
This magazine and book publisher said three men were elected directors , increasing the board to 10 . 
Our teachers are not an important factor in our educational crisis . 
To some mothers , the expected FDA action is a poignant reminder of what might have been . 
The odd mix of departments in the bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and the assorted provisions attached by lawmakers run from $ 1.5 million for a fish farm in Arkansas to a music festival in Moscow under the United States Information Agency . 
Now it matters . 
We would have thought by now , though , that there was a significant core of people involved in government life who understood that direct taxation is n't the only way to slow down an economy . 
Frank B. Hall Inc. of Briarcliff Manor , N.Y. is reportedly working out an agreement with Helmsley . 
The index fell 151.20 Friday . 
`` There are no price wars , no competition . '' 
So says the Commonwealth Fund , a New York philanthropist that 's sponsoring a $ 1 million project to develop joint masters in business and nursing programs at 10 universities ... . 
But some observers believe Paramount Chairman Martin Davis wanted to avoid the possible taint of being perceived as a corporate raider in his controversial bid for Time . 
As previously reported , Helionetics emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy-law protection in February . 
It 's an unrealistic expectation . 
The computer giant 's current mainframe line , which has sold well and has huge profit margins , is starting to show its age . 
While Mr. Kageyama does an excellent job of explaining the differences , both cultural and philosophic , I question his perspective . 
`` In the near future , it will be a big market , not just for waterworks , but for all mapping systems , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said . 
AB Volvo invites passers-by to play `` the role of the test dummy '' by hopping in a car that simulates a crash to show just how its seat-belt tightener works . 
But funds generally are better prepared this time around . 
Some of the proposed modifications since , however , call on Saudi Arabia to `` give back '' to the production-sharing pool a token 23,000 barrels . 
The consultants help the defense lawyers find such jurors by asking questions about potential jurors ' attitudes toward volunteer work , or toward particular movies or books . 
Nissan will build only about 3,500 of the $ 38,000 Infiniti Q45 sedans each month , sending about 2,000 of them to the U.S. and keeping the rest for sale in Japan . 
We 'd get our asses kicked . '' 
Perhaps in time the Supreme Court will correct them . 
It is capable of reaching the entire Caribbean area and deep into North America . 
The robot probe was dispatched Wednesday by the shuttle crew , which is to conduct a series of medical and other experiments before their scheduled landing Monday in California . 
Failure to pay the dividend allows Yukon to convert all or some of its shares into NBI common after Nov. 30 , at a conversion price based on NBI 's closing stock price . 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. subsidiary pleaded guilty to two felony charges of conspiracy to make illegal political contributions and tax evasion , and paid $ 500,000 in fines . 
`` They 've had this field to themselves for over a year now , and they 've been greatly rewarded , '' said Bob Katsive , an analyst at Disk\/Trend Inc. , a market researcher in Los Altos , Calif . 
I myself took such courses in college , thinking I might end up a schoolteacher . 
According to senior consultants to the church , Mr. Moon has successfully negotiated a joint venture with the Chinese government to build an automobile-parts plant in Guangdong Province , an area of China with a substantial Korean minority . 
NASA wo n't attempt a rescue ; instead , it will try to predict whether any of the rubble will smash to the ground and where . 
That would be bad news for Navigation Mixte 's current management , which was counting on Allianz to help fend off Paribas . 
Karen Nichols , senior associate at Michael Graves 's architecture firm in Princeton , N.J. , says : `` We 're really at the mercy of what the construction industry can and will do readily . '' 
The carpet division had 1988 sales of $ 368.3 million , or almost 14 % of Armstrong 's $ 2.68 billion total revenue . 
This follows earlier new guidelines from the Tax Division prohibiting Princeton\/Newport-like tax cases from masquerading as RICO cases . 
Revenue rose 21 % to $ 243.4 million from $ 201.2 million . 
But K mart 's Mr. Antonini is intent on pushing the company into new retail businesses . 
Xtra , a transportation leasing company , said in a statement it would have no comment on Mr. Gintel 's plans until `` further information has been disclosed by him . '' 
The main effect of the ceiling boost was to `` legitimize '' some of the overproduction already coming from the quota cheaters . 
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 1.62 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
Mr. Trump and Bally also appeared to have some leverage in the case because in the state of Delaware , where Bally is incorporated , courts have held that greenmail is often protected by the business-judgment rule . 
The Fed also said U.S. industry operated at 83.6 % of capacity last month , down from 83.8 % in August . 
Wells Fargo & Co. fell 50 cents to $ 81.50 , and BankAmerica Corp. fell 50 cents to $ 31.875 . 
Atone 
Mr. Engelken , a rabid baseball fan , pores over the sports pages to chart the exploits of `` my favorite and not-so-favorite teams and players . '' 
Mr. Skase also disclosed a disagreement among directors of Qintex Australia over certain fees claimed by Qintex Group Management Services Pty. , a management-services concern in which Qintex Australia executives have an interest . 
I think we owe it to the American people to establish credibility regarding UFOs and to produce the greatest possible enlightenment on the subject . '' 
An official with lead underwriter First Boston said orders for the San Antonio bonds were `` on the slow side . '' 
When they determined that GM needed parts more quickly , Armco convinced a steel service center to build a processing plant nearby so shipments could be delivered within 15 minutes . 
He farms 12 acres in Grabowiec , two miles from the Soviet border in one of Poland 's poorest places . 
`` Peter is a major piece of Hollywood manpower who has really earned his success , '' says Robert Bookman , an agent at Creative Artists Agency . 
Until recently , a farmer with no heir had to will the state his land to collect his pension . 
In a statement to employees , Eastern said the company was disappointed by the ruling . 
Hence copious amounts of gratuitous sex , violence and gutter language are included as a crutch . 
John Bolton , the assistant secretary of state for international organizations , told Congress that the continuing `` statist , restrictive , nondemocratic '' programs make rejoining any time soon `` extremely unlikely . '' 
The Pentagon 's recently issued `` Soviet Military Power , '' though in general adopting a softer line , repeated the Sverdlovsk assessment . 
KKR already has made about $ 1 billion of gains from earlier transactions with SCI TV , thus it is n't significantly affected by the company 's troubles . 
The higher payments will start with Social Security checks received on Jan. 3 , 1990 . 
The current distribution arrangement ends in March 1990 , although Delmed said it will continue to provide some supplies of the peritoneal dialysis products to National Medical , the spokeswoman said . 
Can you imagine ? 
Photonics Technology Inc. of Northwood , Ohio , aims to use a new form of plasma technology to put movie-quality images on a TV display that is 40 inches in diameter but only a few inches thick . 
But the recent volatility in stock prices caused by the program trading has made some market makers less willing to soak up the stocks that are for sale . 
Mr. Ondaatje could n't be reached for comment , but Roy Mac-Laren , chairman of CB Media , a closely held concern that publishes two business magazines , said his company would take a close look at the newspaper . 
The Dow Jones industrials closed up 39.55 , at 2683.20 , after rising over 60 points in mid-afternoon . 
Yesterday 's volume of 117.2 million shares was far below last week 's sizzling average of nearly 177 million . 
SynOptics Communications Inc. , proposed public offering of 1.5 million common shares , of which 1,003,884 shares are to be sold by the company and 496,116 shares are to be sold by holders , via Morgan Stanley & Co. and Hambrecht & Quist . 
Under the agreement with the House and Senate leaders , the minimum wage would rise from the current $ 3.35 an hour to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 . 
As part of a restructuring announced earlier this year , the company proposed in August to exchange 168 newly issued common shares for each $ 1,000 face value of debt . 
He takes issue with projections that do n't factor in students ' own contribution , which reduces most parents ' burden substantially . 
What market makers provide is immediacy , a very valuable service . 
As a result of an erroneous IRS levy on a bank account , a taxpayer may incur administrative and overdraft charges . 
The market 's wild week may speed along the market-reform legislation that has been pending for months in the aftermath of the 1987 crash . 
`` The small , good fur salon is not what it used to be , '' says Mr. Purnick , 75 years old . 
The catastrophe losses sustained by insurers this year will probably be the worst on an inflation-adjusted basis since 1906 -- when another earthquake sparked the Great San Francisco Fire . 
Portfolio B : Two-income couple , age 45 ; $ 150,000 portfolio . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
Now incorporated into a polypropylene rake , the four-inch prongs , or `` wonderbars , '' also are supposed to aid in picking up leaves . 
And they say the outlook for 1990 is nearly as bad . 
It will compare 21 different blends of gasolines with three mixtures of up to 85 % methanol . 
`` The cash from the sale will go to L.J. Hooker , but the company itself will belong to Sam Merksamer . '' 
If the White House is looking for another unconstitutional bill , Rep. John Dingell is trying again to raise the Fairness Doctrine from the dead . 
Fina blamed lower chemical prices , reduced gasoline margins and refinery maintenance shutdowns . 
`` I suppose you could say the good news is that the deficits are not heading up , '' he said , `` but you ca n't be satisfied with deficits at this level and we 're not . '' 
StatesWest owns 7.25 % of Mesa . 
Shearson , a 62%-owned unit of American Express Co. , did n't have enough time to update its market commentary so , `` We decided to kill our strategy pieces , '' says Jack Rivkin , the head of Shearson 's research department . 
Early in the decade he saw that fur workers in many foreign countries were willing to work longer hours at lower wages than their American counterparts and were more open to innovation . 
Including those in the state programs , there were 143,800 Norwegians , or about 6.5 % of the work force , without permanent employment in October , up from September 's 136,800 . 
According to Institutional Brokers Estimate System , Wall Street market strategists see only a 2.4 % jump in company profits in 1990 -- unlike in 1987 , when profits a year out looked good ( they did soar 36 % in 1988 ) . 
A House-Senate conference approved a nearly $ 17 billion State , Justice and Commerce Department bill that makes federal reparations for Japanese-Americans held in World War II internment camps a legal entitlement after next Oct. 1 . 
The Ginnie Mae issue rose amid talk of large purchases of the securities by institutional investors . 
The reason , ad executives say , is that the entire magazine business has been soft -- and National Geographic has some quirks that make it especially unattractive during a soft market . 
Yesterday , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Golden Nugget common closed at $ 28.25 , up $ 2 . 
The Victorian house that Ms. Johnson is inspecting has been deemed unsafe by town officials . 
Mr. Ortega 's threat to breach the cease-fire comes as U.S. officials were acknowledging that the Contras have at times violated it themselves . 
It needs to sort itself out . '' 
The Soviets hope a trade agreement would give them Most-Favored Nation status , which would lower the tariffs on Soviet exports to the U.S. . 
Amcore Financial Inc. said it agreed to acquire Central of Illinois Inc. in a stock swap . 
`` Now that the supply situation seems to be improving , it would be best for traders to switch their concentration to the demand side . '' 
But other analysts expressed disappointment that the cost-cutting move wo n't result in even greater earnings growth . 
Amdahl Corp. , a maker of mainframe computers , reported a sharp decline in net income for its third quarter , citing pricecutting by competitors and adverse effects from a strong U.S. dollar . 
Despite objections by the CIA , Mr. Bush also has agreed to the establishment of an inspector general at the CIA who would be independent of the CIA director . 
But last February , a federal appeals court in New Orleans upheld a damage award against General Dynamics , rejecting the company 's use of the government contractor defense . 
If it is n't completed , Comprehensive Care said it would be `` required to promptly restructure its debt . '' 
ECI Environmental Inc. , initial offering of 1.1 million shares , of which ECI will sell 990,000 and co-founders will sell 110,000 shares , via Oppenheimer & Co . 
`` They 're too crowded , and everybody 's showing off , '' says Joel Bryant , a 22-year-old student from Pasadena , Calif . 
Brezhnevite holdovers have more to fear from Mr. Gorbachev than the verbal spanking he gave to the press . 
ABBIE : `` I 'm OK , Jack . 
`` The time has passed for us to spin off steel , '' either in a public offering or to a buyer , one executive contends . 
Even so , the trust would seem to be facing a cash crunch . 
In coming months , emergency food aid moving in from the West will be the one buffer between a meat-hungry public and a new political calamity . 
No doubt many people in the CIA , the Pentagon and the National Security Council have read it . 
A World Series telecast typically carries 56 30-second commercials , but by the fourth game ABC was cramming in 60 to 62 ads to generate extra revenue . 
Bush met in Washington with Spain 's Prime Minister Gonzalez and discussed what the president called `` the unique role '' that Madrid can play in furthering democracy in Eastern Europe and Latin America . 
Both Jacobson traders , who had been hoping UAL trading would get back to normal , read the news about the unraveling of UAL takeover plans on the train into work yesterday morning . 
Many of the RJR securities , which had been trading near their 52-week lows earlier in the session , bounced back after the company 's announcement that it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle Foods , a unit of the Swiss-based food concern . 
Particularly touchy are the cases of New York , which is Drexel 's base , and California , the base of Drexel 's highly profitable junk-bond operation that led to the firm 's legal difficulties . 
That 's the only question we need to address . 
While the third period contained no major surprises , Mr. Lothson said , the results show how sensitive the multinationals can be to developments in a single country such as Brazil . 
Hurricane Hugo accounted for about $ 36 million in pretax third-quarter losses , net of reinsurance recoveries . 
The university is considering installing a $ 250,000 system to store applications electronically . 
As much as 10 % of new U.S. mortgage securities issued by the Federal National Mortgage Association , or Fannie Mae , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. , or Freddie Mac , now flow into Japanese hands . 
Congress is paralyzed from acting on such great issues of the day as the federal budget deficit . 
They base their argument on a clause buried in Article I , Section 7 , of the Constitution that states : `` Every order , resolution , or vote to which the concurrence of the Senate and House of Representatives may be necessary ( except on a question of adjournment ) shall be presented to the President of the United States ; and before the same shall take effect , shall be approved by him or ... disapproved by him ... . '' 
It will go for work ranging from refinery modification to changes in the distribution system , including the way service stations pump fuel into cars . 
To be sure , the threat has hit home down here . 
The Senate bill would only deny the deduction until interest is actually paid . 
The two sides were scheduled to meet with the mediator this morning . 
The allegations , ranging from theft and bribery to coercion and lewdness , paint a disquieting picture . 
WHEN JAMES SCHWARTZ was just a lad his father gave him a piece of career advice . 
Gerard E. Wood , 51 years old , was elected president , chief executive officer and a director of this minerals and materials company . 
Mr. Deng added , says Mr. Lee , that `` we really made mistakes . 
( ABC stops short of using an `` applause '' sign and a comic to warm up the audience . 
Most of Compaq 's decline is being attributed to a third-quarter earnings report that came in at the low end of analysts ' expectations . 
We keep wondering what Mr. Gates wanted to say . 
`` I do n't have anything much to say , and I think that 's what you 're going to find from everyone else you talk to up here , '' says local attorney Edward F. Peduzzi . 
Stocks that suffered on the day were those with active U.S. operations , dealers noted . 
The Wall Street Journal `` American Way of Buying '' Survey consists of two separate , door-to-door nationwide polls conducted for the Journal by Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization . 
Consolidated , which had 1988 revenue of $ 400 million , makes aluminum sheet and foil products at its Hannibal , Ohio , and Jackson , Tenn. , rolling mills and recycles aluminum at a plant in Bens Run , W.Va . 
Cetus is currently trying to obtain federal regulatory clearance for U.S. distribution . 
Guaranteed minimum 6 % . 
Commercial transactions will continue to be based on the official rate of about 0.63 rubles to the dollar . 
Essar Gujarat Ltd. , a marine construction company , had similar success with a slightly smaller issue . 
Meanwhile , some currency traders at West German banks in Frankfurt said they sold dollars on the news and had to buy them back later at higher prices . 
It was then split into Playtex Apparel Inc. , the intimate apparel division , and Playtex Family Products Corp. , which makes tampons , hair-care items and other products . 
In recent testimony on Capitol Hill , Treasury officials said they were considering the new reporting requirements , and the expected publication of the proposal in the Federal Register today is the first official step toward creating final regulations . 
But `` safe , '' in the definition of Marie Bass of the Reproductive Health Technologies Project , means `` there 's been no evidence so far of mortality . '' 
Rally officials were n't available to comment late yesterday . 
The British Deloitte firm recently withdrew from the merger of Deloitte and Touche world-wide and joined Coopers & Lybrand . 
Officials at Gulf Power could n't be reached for comment . 
The stadium was ordered evacuated soon afterward ; the announcement , made over police bullhorns , cited the power outage , but it later was revealed that there also had been damage of the sort reported by my friend . 
`` If the stock market tremors are behind us , then the bond market will go back to looking at the next batch of economic numbers to determine '' where interest rates are heading . 
General Motors Corp. is sponsoring its first independent display in 10 years , and it includes a boxy Buick station wagon with wood-grain side panels . 
`` The { buy-out } consortium ceased to exist because our American partners were not capable of organizing the financing , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
Probing more deeply into the doctrine of `` judicial restraint , '' he would have found a long history going back to the great decisions of Justice Holmes . 
Stock prices rose . 
Their verdict on real estate is almost the same . 
Forecasting is only one part of Litigation Sciences ' work . 
`` The movies , the books , the tabloids -- even Nancy Reagan is boosting this stuff , '' says Paul Kurtz , a philosophy professor at the State University of New York at Buffalo , who heads the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
Instead of hiring one of the many active managers specializing in growth stocks , indexers can design a portfolio around the same stocks ; the portfolio will be maintained by computer , reducing both fees and , in theory , risk ( because of the large number of stocks ) . 
The company said it is part of a continuing world-wide restructuring in which it has downsized or sold operations in several countries . 
Combatting crime and the fear of it in inner-city commercial areas should give Enterprise Zones more success than most have enjoyed to date . 
On Friday , some issues fell nearly one point , or close to $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
`` Looking only at a narrow American strategy is n't where it 's at . '' 
So I said , ` Hello . ' 
It was n't clear how the ownership would stack up under the new plan , but employees would keep more than 50 % . 
But there have been problems with chemical sprays damaging plants ' female reproductive organs and concern for the toxicity of such chemical sprays to humans , animals and beneficial insects . 
The association between the two companies stretches back thirty years to a friendship between television producer Mark Goodson and Ingersoll founder Ralph Ingersoll . 
Takeover stock traders noted that with the junk-bond market in disarray , Georgia-Pacific 's bid is an indication of where the takeover game is headed : namely , industrial companies can continue bidding for one another , but financial buyers such as leveraged buy-out firms will be at a disadvantage in obtaining financing . 
Mr. Laff 's attorney , John Lang , filed a memorandum asking that the trial record include a secretly taped conversation in which the witness , Henry Lorin , told a Haas stockbroker that Mr. Laff should be killed . 
After declining about 41 % last week , UAL advanced 9 7\/8 to 178 3\/8 on 1.1 million shares on anticipation of a revised takeover offer from a labor-management group for the parent company of United Airlines . 
The spokesman noted four-hour to five-hour traffic delays on the San Mateo bridge , for example . 
Duriron Co. said it has agreed to buy Automax Inc. , a Cincinnati maker of control accessories for industrial valves . 
`` Law school teaches wonderful theory , but it does n't teach the nuts and bolts of practical lawyering , '' says Aaron Weitz , head of a New York County Lawyers ' Association committee that sponsors such a course . 
And before last Friday , they were actually making modest progress . 
After posting losing seasons in each of the last three years , the Cowboys needed a change , he says . 
As earlier reported , L.J. Hooker this week received a $ 409 million bid for its three shopping malls , plus other properties from a consortium led by Honolulu real-estate investor Jay Shidler and A. Boyd Simpson , an Atlanta developer and former L.J. Hooker senior executive . 
At closely held Deltec Securities Corp. , junk bond money managers Amy K. Minella and Hannah H. Strasser say the problems of the junk market go deeper than a temporary malaise . 
Rolled copper product sales were major contributors to overall sales growth . 
At Hewlett-Packard Co. , the earthquake came just as the company was reviewing its own emergency procedures . 
`` You 've got some minds here that wo n't think progressively , '' he says . 
3:25 a.m . 
American Express , Kraft General Foods , and Mattel executives said the move wo n't affect their relationships with the ad agency . 
Profit in Olin 's defense and ammunition segment rose to $ 8 million from $ 7 million . 
Based on 1988 sales , Georgia-Pacific ranked third at $ 9.51 billion , behind Weyerhaeuser Co. at $ 10 billion and International Paper Co. at $ 9.53 billion . 
William S. Leavitt , chairman , said Mr. Penn , 58 years old , would continue as a consultant and would work with the board in selecting a successor . 
In a recent General Accounting Office study , the Merc was found to have been the most lax in enforcing exchange rules . 
Even a pack of 20 Western cigarettes can fetch 20 rubles or more . 
Some of the projects being funded by the new issues are the first fruits of Mr. Gandhi 's policy , and they require more capital than the smaller industrial units built in the past . 
`` My prediction is there will be mass litigation over errors and omissions in engineering and contracting , '' says Stanley Chesley , a well-known Cincinnati plaintiffs lawyer . 
Miyoshi Oil & Fat Co . ( Japan ) -- 120 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1993 , with a fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
Asked what he would do differently on the morrow , Craig allowed that he might play his outfielders deeper , `` maybe on the other side of the fence . '' 
Mr. Larsen noted `` substantial sales growth '' for the recently introduced Acuvue disposable contact lens and Hismanal , a once-a-day antihistamine . 
Dr. Vogelstein next turned his attention to colon cancer , the second biggest cancer killer in the U.S. after lung cancer . 
It 's estimated that one in six couples experiences infertility , and in 1987 , Americans spent about $ 1 billion to fight the problem . 
In the September issue of Scientific American , Thomas E. Graedel , distinguished member of the technical staff at AT&T Bell Laboratories , and Paul J. Crutzen , director of the air chemistry division of the Max Planck Institute for Chemistry in Mainz , West Germany , wrote , `` It is now quite evident that chlorofluorocarbons , particularly CFC-11 and CFC-12 are the major culprits responsible for ozone depletion . '' 
We note that in Rome yesterday Defense Secretary Cheney said that European euphoria over Mr. Gorbachev is starting to be tempered by a recognition of `` the magnitude of the problems he was trying to deal with . '' 
They got a machine more responsive , more stable and in many ways easier to ride than the thin-tired racing bikes that then were the rage . 
`` I do n't want to be in a position to have to sell , '' Mr. Frabotta says . 
And in that case , the investor misses out on any major upside gain . 
One expert , whose job is so politically sensitive that he spoke on condition that he would n't be named or quoted , said the expected influx of East European refugees over the next few years will greatly increase the chances of computer-maintenance workers , for example , doubling as foreign spies . 
Oncor , a six-year-old developer of genetic medical tests , projects that the cancer test will help it to post its first-ever profit during the first quarter of 1990 , Mr. Turner said . 
Sen. Pryor ( D. , Ark. ) , a leader on the issue who generally backs the House plan , wants some changes -- for one , separate sanctions for negligence and large misstatements of tax owed , not a single penalty . 
In 1807 , the Swiss mathematician who headed the U.S. Coast and Geodetic Survey made an `` iron meter '' that he had brought from Europe the standard of measure . 
The measure also moves more than $ 450 million in the Pentagon budget to home-state projects from foreign bases . 
It is the stuff of dreams , but also of traumas . 
There was `` selling pressure from everyone , '' said one trader . 
Malcolm , a former film-maker turned architect , has just seen his first big chance at a lucrative commission turn to dust with the arrest of his shady , obnoxious client , a fly-by-night real estate developer . 
Just last week , a House Ways and Means subcommittee held a lengthy meeting to hear the pleas of individual cities , companies and interest groups who want to open their own special loopholes . 
Last fall , Ford announced it would discontinue the XR4Ti in the U.S. at the end of the 1989 model year . 
`` I think the market could pop up to the $ 1.22 to $ 1.25 level without too much difficulty , '' he said . 
A seat on the Chicago Board of Trade was sold for $ 390,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
In the same statement , US Facilities also said it had bought back 112,000 of its common shares in a private transaction . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings of some $ 145 million of Pinnacle debt because of `` accelerating deficiency in liquidity , '' which it said was evidenced by Pinnacle 's elimination of dividend payments . 
Their laboratory credentials established , Boyer and Swanson headed for Wall Street in 1980 . 
Most managements hesitate to go all out in advertising their due-process systems for fear of encouraging cranks and chronic soreheads to file complaints . 
Vista Chemical rose 1 3\/8 to 38 5\/8 after Bear Stearns added the stock to the firm 's buy list , citing recent price weakness . 
If they were really getting insurance against environmental disaster , the price would be cheap . 
In a speech prepared for delivery in New York yesterday , retired Justice Lewis Powell contested the notion that the last Supreme Court term marked a turn toward conservatism : `` Commentators who agreed on little else unanimously proclaimed a ` shift in direction ' on the court ... . 
Microsoft previously indicated it would have a strong quarter by forecasting its revenue gain on Oct. 4 , causing a $ 6.50 a share jump in its stock . 
Lawyers also say an erratic stock market and uncertain financing conditions have sharply reduced the number of lucrative big deals likely to be proposed . 
He noted that for the first time in months there was some light investor interest in the metals . 
The Ashland , Ky. , oil company reported a $ 38 million charge resulting from settlement of a 10-year dispute with the National Iranian Oil Co. over claims that Ashland did n't pay for Iranian crude it had received . 
No non-competitive tenders will be accepted . 
The company also reassigned several executive responsibilities . 
CAMBREX Corp. , Bayonne , N.J. , declared its initial quarterly of five cents a share , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
`` It also means she will never have to know whether she had actually been pregnant . '' 
Benson & Hedges has been one of its most high-visibility campaigns , as well as one of its largest clients . 
The company , which went public in May , intends to pay dividends from available cash flow ; the amount may vary from quarter to quarter . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
The French water treatment group said consolidated net profit after payments to minority interests rose to 749 million francs ( US$ 119.2 million ) from 575 million francs in the first half of 1988 . 
A year ago , the Tokyo company had pretax profit of 35.38 billion yen . 
Jeffrey Miller of Miller Tabak Hirsch & Co. said that given the high degree of leverage in the options market , it is `` very easy for these guys to get wiped out . 
The company said Mr. Franco developed a plan to establish a business that might be competitive with Capital Holding Corp. 's Accumulation and Investment Group , which Mr. Franco headed . 
MANAGER REPLICATION FUNDS : 
( Author Dashiell Hammett , who wrote `` The Maltese Falcon , '' was a former Pinkerton 's detective . ) 
Markets -- 
Jeanene Page , of North Salt Lake City , Utah , likes the broader selection . 
But employing this kind of gut-wrenching plea to black consciousness makes it even more unusual . 
A judge must jump from murder to antitrust cases , from arson to securities fraud , without missing a beat . 
The two men are planning joint visits to a number of clients to attempt to smoothly hand over the reins . 
Mr. Reynolds also notes that since British banks have no reserve requirements , high interest rates are less likely to curb inflation than to cause recession . 
In late trading Friday , Jaguar shares bucked the downward tide in London 's stock market and rose five pence to 725 pence ( $ 11.44 ) . 
The OTC stocks in the S&P 500 include Nasdaq 's biggest , such as Apple Computer , MCI Communications , Tele-Communications and Liz Claiborne . 
His Next computer , introduced about a year ago and aimed primarily at university computer users , sports snazzy graphics , digital sound , built-in networking and a sleek black design . 
The company , based in Twinsburg , Ohio , said its operating profit before depreciation and amortization increased 51 % , to $ 9.2 million from $ 6.1 million . 
Another recent Hitachi suit accuses Motorola of reverse engineering a Hitachi technology -- a turnabout from a nation of champion reverse engineers . 
Westinghouse Electric Corp. also won a $ 75.5 million Navy contract for nuclear propulsion parts . 
The adjacent tables show the issues in which a short interest position of at least 50,000 shares existed as of Oct. 13 or in which there was a short position change of at least 25,000 shares since Sept. 15 ( see accompanying tables -- WSJ Oct. 25 , 1989 ) . 
Time executives complained about the shoddy editorial quality , and in the end , one Time executive who asked not to be identified said , `` Frankly , McCall 's and the joint venture were an embarrassment . '' 
We had been soliciting opinions on it long before Mr. Lawson 's resignation , and offer some of the collection for the benefit of his successor and one-time deputy , John Major . 
At issue is the deductibility of certain junk bonds that are used in most LBOs . 
Nomura , the world 's biggest securities company largely by virtue of its protected home field , and Industrial Bank of Japan , Japan 's most innovative and aggressive bank in capital markets abroad , captain the opposing sides . 
Student loan defaults remain high at about 12 % , and the program has been rocked by allegations of fraud and mismanagement . 
Mr. Posner resigned as president and chief executive officer of Sharon in April 1988 . 
An estimated $ 33 million was added for university and science grants , including $ 1.5 million for Smith College . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would provide a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
Quotron Systems Inc. , a Citicorp unit , blamed the 30-minute foul-up on `` a timing problem in our software '' caused by the enormous early volume -- about 145 million shares in the first hour of New York Stock Exchange trading . 
For the nine-month period , Baxter said net rose 15 % to $ 307 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 267 million , or 89 cents a share , during the year-ago period . 
Mr. Tucker , 44 years old , is president of Trivest Securities Corp. and senior vice president of Trivest Inc. , closely held investment companies based in Miami . 
The pillars of apartheid may be trembling in the rest of South Africa , with Johannesburg opening its public facilities to all races , blacks storming the all-white beaches of the Cape and the government releasing seven leaders of the banned African National Congress . 
So you get an idea of the leverage there and elsewhere that our market for drugs has brought about . 
Eaton does n't provide profit figures separately for each category , but operating profit for vehicle parts as a group fell 26 % to $ 51 million on an about 1 % drop in sales to $ 488 million . 
At the start of trading last Wednesday , the average appeared to plunge more than 200 points . 
The charge for the Riley subsidiary is for expected costs to correct problems with certain bed boilers built for utilities . 
Many companies in the path of potential disaster have set up contingency offices in safe regions , hoping they can transport employees there and resume operations quickly . 
`` As I was driving home , I did not feel very good about myself . '' 
Bell , based in Los Angeles , makes and distributes electronic , computer and building products . 
Some banks actually boosted yields on the shortest term CDs in the latest week . 
President Bush said that three members of his cabinet will lead a presidential mission to Poland to gauge how the U.S. can help the new non-Communist government 's economic changes . 
`` Otherwise , the regulators will take it for decadence , and nowadays everything 's got to be pristine . '' 
Mr. Andersson acknowledges that the company 's mining division `` will be busy for a while digesting its recent expansion . '' 
It will take several weeks to repair the bridge , and several months to repair some of the 101 connections . 
In its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , the biomedical-products maker earned 10 cents a share , up from eight cents a share in the 1988 quarter , which included an extraordinary credit . 
Mr. Lerner is a writer and historian living in New York . 
Weisfield 's Inc. said it is in preliminary discussions regarding the possible sale of the company . 
SMYRNA , Ga. -- 
The biotechnology concern said the agreement between its longtime West German distributor , Boehringer-Ingleheim 's Dr. Karl Thomae G.m.b.H. subsidiary , and Hoechst 's Behringwerke subsidiary was an attempt to expand the market for blood-clot drugs in general . 
`` I owe that contractor . 
`` Everybody appreciates that it is a national disaster and that we 've got to address it , '' said Mr. Darman , who came to the Capitol to meet with Mr. Whitten and California lawmakers before the committee session . 
The judge wrote again . 
Corporate pride as well as the close ties common among Japanese manufacturers help explain why . 
One ad features a huge robot carrying a voluptuous woman in a faint . 
Profit after tax and minority interest but before extraordinary items rose 12 % to # 135.2 million ; per-share earnings rose to five pence from 4.5 pence . 
But no one could disagree that Ken Burns has made a fascinating film about this famous American painter . 
If indeed Mrs. Thatcher has one opponent that could throw her off political course it is Britain 's mysteriously intractable inflation problem . 
'' By lowering prices throughout its stores , she says , `` Sears has the right idea . '' 
The bleak automotive results were offset by strong earnings from some non-automotive operations . 
The hotel and Gaming company said Merrill Lynch Capital Markets will lead the underwriters . 
`` It 's a double-edged sword though , because it is also the most contagious kind of hepatitis . '' 
Mr. Panet-Raymond said he does n't think Messrs. Drabinsky and Gottlieb are `` anywhere close '' to arranging financing and that investors will need a solid offer before the stock begins to rise again . 
There will be no sightseeing , no shopping and no social events . '' 
He 's totally geared to a punitive position . '' 
The combined buying rallied the Dow into a small gain , before closing at a slight loss . 
But it said that was mainly because the project may not bear fruit until the mid-1990s . 
Arnold Celnicker Assistant Professor Ohio State University 
Mr. Phillips said the company 's expected margin improvement will be all but inevitable , given that the company 's profitability was dragged down this year by an expensive move to luxurious , oversized new New York headquarters . 
Harvard 's Matthew Meselson -- who we read has sold something called the `` scientific community '' on the notion that `` yellow rain '' attacks on the Laotian Hmong were in fact the result of fecal showers by giant bees -- found the Soviet anthrax scenario `` completely plausible . '' 
At one point , he asked a worker whether he thought East Germans were fleeing the country because of restrictive travel policies . 
Shrinking profit margins in chemical and refining and marketing sectors accounted for most of the decline , said Chairman C.J. Silas in a statement . 
Exxon said in its suit that it will seek reimbursement from the state for that part of the cleanup costs and damage claims it says resulted from the state 's conduct . 
Lincoln 's collapse may cost taxpayers as much as $ 2.5 billion , according to estimates , making it the most expensive thrift failure in history . 
KKR also signaled to the company 's creditors that Henry Kravis and other KKR directors of SCI TV would resign from the board once the restructuring is completed and forgo their voting rights . 
In the latest quarter , Goodyear 's tax rate was 51 % compared with 41 % a year earlier . 
The two surveys , which asked different questions , were conducted using national random probability samples . 
It did n't work . 
But it will slow production . '' 
The sale , for $ 7 million in cash and securities , will leave EG&G with a 12 % stake in Transgenic , executives said . 
There was no cost estimate for the second phase . 
The firm did the trade in seconds on the London stock exchange 's SEAQ automated-quotation system . 
Then I noticed the overhead light was swaying on its cord and realized what had happened . 
In fact , it 's barely begun for Mr. Corry , who faces tough decisions before he has had a chance to get settled into his new job . 
About 130,000 vehicles cross during a 24-hour period . 
Then someone decided to try broken-down earthmoving equipment that , inexplicably , held against the waves . 
On her husband 's 50th birthday ( after an auspicious 23 years of marriage , it should be noted ) , Betsy , Al and their college-bound son set out for New York to visit Fordham University . 
That segment continues to post strong quarter-to-quarter gains , while the low-end , or commodity segment , of the industry is experiencing sluggish growth or even sales declines . 
American Cyanamid is a Wayne , N.J. , chemicals , drugs and fertilizer concern . 
`` We found a market niche , '' Mr. Mills boasts . 
The New York Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 500,000 , unchanged from the sale Thursday . 
Meanwhile , his big losses , for instance in 1987 's crash , generally have been trading losses . 
Switzerland 's most famous raider says he is n't one . 
He labeled reports of friction `` ridiculous , '' and said that he spent part of the weekend on Mr. Phillips 's boat in Connecticut . 
Its stock fell 12.5 cents , to $ 2.125 , in American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
Loral said it expects sales to accelerate in both the third and fourth quarters of this fiscal year . 
Two election commission members opposed the matching plans . 
`` Maybe we should take it as a compliment . '' 
It created special 20-year trusts to allow foreigners 100 % ownership in some once-closed industries . 
It was also in law school that Mr. O'Kicki and his first wife had the first of seven daughters . 
`` By doing it in this manner we can have , I would say , more time without the press of social activities or mandatory joint appearances , things of that nature for public consumption , '' Mr. Bush said . 
It surged 2 3\/4 to 6 on volume of more than 1.7 million shares after the company agreed to be acquired by Japan 's Chugai Pharmaceutical for about $ 110 million -- almost double the market price of Gen-Probe 's stock . 
In Connecticut , however , most state judges are appointed by the governor and approved by the state legislature . 
Well , mankind can rest easier for now . 
Rep. Austin Murphy ( D. , Pa. ) , chairman of the House labor standards subcommittee , said they might have done better `` if we 'd held their feet to the fire . '' 
`` In some places the stonework is so damaged it shows signs of breaking off , '' scientists and technicians said in a report to Public Works Minister Giovanni Prandini . 
The plan still calls for LIN to combine its cellular telephone properties with BellSouth 's and to spin off its broadcasting operations . 
In a recent interview , Mr. Thompson said the biggest problem facing all commodity exchanges was one of image . 
The index is intended to measure future economic performance . 
An Eastern spokesman said he does n't expect that the arbitrator 's ruling `` will have any overall material effect on the company 's strategic plan . '' 
But this week , B.A.T has been hit harder than other big U.K. stocks -- first by the market gyrations , then by Tuesday 's San Francisco earthquake , which could leave B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. insurance unit facing big claims . 
The results underscore Sears 's difficulties in implementing the `` everyday low pricing '' strategy that it adopted in March as part of a broad attempt to revive its retailing business . 
Mr. Mitchell has made clear to his wavering colleagues that the issue is important to him personally . 
The new rate will be payable Feb. 15 . 
Maybe it 's not that simple . 
Names are resigning at an even faster pace this year . 
The bill also would give the SEC the power to close the markets , a discretion that former SEC Chairman David Ruder wanted but Mr. Breeden does n't . 
That 's led industry executives to speculate that future product development will be driven more by technological innovation than by fashion whims -- especially among mass-market brands . 
So glasnost is not a value woven with steel threads into the fabric of Russian society . 
Statistics from 12 countries which normally account for 94 % of non-communist Europe 's passenger car sales showed new car registrations totaled 911,606 in September , down 21 % from August and down 4.2 % for the year to date . 
USX and Kobe Steel hope to reach a definitive agreement establishing the 50-50 partnership by the end of the year , with construction tentatively slated for the spring of 1990 and production by 1992 . 
But now , other agencies are getting into the business with their own competing media-buying groups -- and Carat wants to expand to the rest of Europe . 
P&G already has shown it can meld some traditional packaged-goods techniques with the image-making of the cosmetics trade in the mass-market end of the business . 
Still , investors will take some convincing before they get back into IBM 's stock in a big way . 
Although Larsen & Toubro had n't raised money from the public in 38 years , its new owners frequently raise funds on the local market . 
He expects real GNP growth of only 2.1 % for the quarter , noting a wider trade deficit , slower capital and government spending and the lower inventory figures . 
The publishing unit reported revenue edged up 2.6 % to $ 263.2 million from $ 256.6 million . 
For Mr. Jones , losing his quarterback temporarily was just the latest in a string of setbacks that has beset the Dallas Cowboys -- and , this year , much of the National Football League . 
Strategy is not a game between the Pentagon and Congress ; it is the art of the possible in a world where constraints force us to choose between unpleasant or imperfect alternatives . 
Friday , October 20 , 1989 
Allied Capital Corp. II -- 6,500,000 common shares , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Jeanette Traverso , a California lawyer , gave up running three times a week to play a weekly round of golf , finding it more social and serene . 
Devastation from Hurricane Hugo , which slammed into the Southeast coast in late September , diminished personal income by about $ 4 billion , the department said , but it called the effect on the roughly $ 5 trillion economy `` negligible . '' 
But congressional Democrats have blocked the same from occurring at the federal level , with the exception of a 1988 law allowing capital punishment for certain drug-related homicides . 
The Members could still try to serve their constituents with special-interest goodies , but the police ( in the form of a President ) would be there with a straitjacket if they really get crazy , as they do now . 
Even if the banks resurrect a financing package at $ 250 a share , the two executives would still get about $ 25 million less than they stood to gain in the initial transaction . 
For the week , the index dropped 3.8 % . 
Time pressures and the ebb of the fitness fad are cited as reasons for the decline . 
Some Mobil executives were dismayed that a reference to the cutbacks was included in the earnings report before workers were notified . 
That would leave USX with Marathon , its steel mills and its diversified business segment , which includes , among other things , mineral and transportation products . 
J.C. Penney Co. is extending its involvement in a televised home-shopping service by five to 10 years . 
We are n't selling bonds right now , and I do n't think it will affect the value of our existing bonds . '' 
In today 's computer networks , some machines often sit idle while others are overtaxed . 
He flew to Fort Bragg , N.C. , in September of that year for a course in psychological operations , returning to the School of the Americas in Panama for a two-month course called `` military intelligence for officers . '' 
The delegation included a reporter from the New York Times , aides to Sen. Edward M. Kennedy and Rep. Les AuCoin , and Natural Resources Defense Council staff members . 
But those dollars at risk pale in comparison to the investment required to make and ship spring goods to Campeau stores . 
In reaction to proposed capital-gains legislation , groups are lobbying to make sure they are n't left off the gravy train . 
Another murderer on death row has appealed Mr. Simmons 's death sentence in a `` next friend '' capacity . 
In Texas after Hurricane Alicia , major grocery chains used their truck fleets to ship essential goods to Houston , no gouging , just good will . 
Sen. Boren said , `` It 's time to stop bickering and work together to develop a clear and appropriate policy to help the country in the future . 
The idea would be to administer to patients the growth-controlling proteins made by healthy versions of the damaged genes . 
It is a maze of halls that connects film rooms , elaborate spas and weight-training centers that testify to a richer , more free-spending era . 
It said it will look at opportunities in brewing , property and energy resources to the extent consistent with the dominant objective of manageable debt-to-assets ratios . 
Madison 's noble and unifying vision of the representative still can guide us . 
Mr. Keteyian had to do most of his own digging on University of Nebraska football , which is , to date , high and dry as far as the NCAA is concerned . 
They added that the DJIA 's swift drop proved an easy excuse for the market to drive the U.S. currency in the direction it was already headed . 
Japanese tourists will be told to take care when photographing earthquake damage in San Francisco , the Japan Association of Travel Agents said . 
The goal would be to resolve disputes such as one prompted by the European Community 's current attempt to bar imports of beef from hormone-treated U.S. cattle . 
Japanese companies have long been accused of sacrificing profit to boost sales . 
Murray Lawrence , Lloyd 's chairman , agrees the exchange faces big challenges . 
The Bartlesville , Okla. , oil company late yesterday still had n't said officially what caused the explosions and fires , which sent columns of heavy black smoke billowing high into the air . 
`` I think the consumer has pretty well played himself out , '' said David Littman , senior economist at Manufacturers National Bank of Detroit . 
Dow Jones industrials 2643.65 , up 4.92 ; transportation 1247.87 , off 6.40 ; utilities 213.97 , off 0.57 . 
As program trading comes under renewed attack for causing stock market gyrations , a few people on Wall Street say it is time to consider extreme measures . 
A second decision , handed down in August by the Court of Appeals for the Ninth Circuit , is another blow against scholarship . 
The company had been experiencing softening margins because of increased sales of software applications , which have lower margins than do operating systems . 
On the one hand , Mr. Giuliani wants to cut into Mr. Dinkins 's credibility . 
Of like , though lesser , note , Secretary of State James Baker put the administration four-square behind perestroika and glasnost , and therefore behind Mikhail Gorbachev , in a pair of carefully reasoned speeches over the past week or so . 
TeleVideo Systems Inc. , proposed offering of 1,853,735 common shares , to be sold by holders . 
They 're trying to plug the various loopholes , but they 're totally unprepared for this . '' 
An appeals-court panel slashed all but $ 40,000 from the award , the largest ever set by a British jury , pending a reassessment of the damages . 
She worked part-time as a consultant and wrote a book , but never restarted her high-powered legal career . 
Most of the two dozen scientists taking the podium reported results with new , more sophisticated variations of the seemingly simple electrolysis-of-water experiments described last March by Messrs. Fleischmann and Pons . 
`` But that partner is n't Fiat . '' 
Mr. Yeutter , seeking to allay European objections to an earlier U.S. plan that called for eliminating all farm-trade barriers by the year 2000 , said the new U.S. proposal would n't `` put farmers out of business '' but would only encourage them to `` grow what the markets desire instead of what the government wants . '' 
The offering , Series 1989-82 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 1\/2 % securities and used at-market pricing . 
Coke has been studying the possibility of introducing a caffeine-free Classic for a year , a company spokesman said . 
Lower component costs -- especially for DRAMs , or dynamic random access memory chips -- were cited for the easing of margin pressure on the company , a spokeswoman said . 
`` If we want to have our own nation , then we must be willing to do all the work ourselves , '' says Hendrik Verwoerd Jr. , son of the former prime minister and the leader of the Orange Workers , founded in 1980 . 
Some casino owners have resisted the temptation to add rooms . 
Rafael Carrion Jr. , chairman of Banco Popular , will be the chairman of the holding company . 
\*\* As of August 30 
The sales pitch might n't be as farfetched as it seems . 
`` Irish and Soviet people are similar , '' says Mr. Ovcharenko . 
`` But it has n't increased much relative to other assets . 
`` I thought that Salinger might by being taken in another factual context come back to haunt us . 
When , however , he decides to be modern , or more accurately , when he decides to be trendy , the results are far less satisfactory . 
For a cloture vote to stop the filibuster , Republicans must muster at least 60 votes . 
In 1987 , however , the news was the latest in a string of disappointments on trade , while the current report comes after a period of improvement . 
Those obsolete operations cost less than $ 2 billion a year , and keep Mac 's ghost quiet . 
Like any other creditor , the pilots will have to apply to the court for payment of their claim . 
Asahi officials could n't be reached for comment . 
`` On occasion , he paid a high price , '' Mr. Wachter concedes , but he says those who bid less and dropped out were dealers who would then have marked up the paintings to resell them at a profit to collectors . 
Toyota 's $ 35,000 Lexus automobile , a luxury model that it started shipping to the U.S. only last month , is racking up orders at a time when U.S.-made luxury-car sales are slow . 
However , `` we are n't currently doing anything . 
The humor of the story owes much to the fact that no hearts ( even the characters ' own ) are likely to bleed for the plight of health-food eaters . 
Finally , with Maxwell Communication , the company controls 54 % of Donohue Inc. , a Quebec City pulp and paper concern . 
The conservative bent of the incumbent appointees , named by former President Reagan , has divided Republicans . 
But you ca n't dismiss Mr. Stoltzman 's music or his motives as merely commercial and lightweight . 
Ms. Renk says retailers nixed a promotion for pins with animal motifs . 
Thus , even including the latest week , the average general stock fund has soared more than 24 % so far this year , the Lipper Analytical figures show . 
One preliminary estimate put the retrofitting cost at as much as $ 50 million . 
`` It 's not too surprising that the auction was sloppy , given the volatility in the bond market because of stocks , '' said Robert T. McGee , a senior vice president at Tokai Bank Ltd . 
`` If one thinks that rates are going down , you do n't care how much supply is coming . '' 
Mr. Breeden backed most of the provisions in a market-reform bill that the SEC brought to the subcommittee last year under then-chairman David Ruder . 
IRS Commissioner Fred T. Goldberg said the changes are intended to bring `` accountability '' to the agency , which has an annual budget of more than $ 5 billion and collects about $ 1 trillion a year . 
C. Barr Schuler , 49 , vice president and chief financial officer , was named senior vice president of corporate development and acquisitions , a new post . 
Norton makes sandpaper and other abrasives , diamond tools , specialty plastics and ceramics . 
By yesterday morning , much of the world was still unable to reach San Francisco by telephone . 
GM 's common closed at $ 44.375 a share , down 50 cents , Ford fell 37.5 cents to end at $ 47.50 , and Chrysler eased 37.5 cents to $ 22.25 , all in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
To many , it was a ceremony more befitting a king than a rural judge seated in the isolated foothills of the southern Allegheny Mountains . 
In the third quarter , AMR said , net fell to $ 137 million , or $ 2.16 a share , from $ 150.3 million , or $ 2.50 a share . 
Analysts in London believe investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares , this newspaper 's Heard on the Street column said yesterday . 
We do n't consider that ambulance chasing . '' 
In addition to the increased reserve , the savings bank took a special charge of $ 5 million representing general and administrative expenses from staff reductions and other matters , and it posted a $ 7.6 million reduction in expected mortgage servicing fees , reflecting the fact that more borrowers are prepaying their mortgages . 
South Africa 's National Union of Mineworkers agreed to suspend the strike by diamond workers and resume negotiations with De Beers Consolidated Mines Ltd. over their wage dispute , De Beers said . 
IBM 's announcement , which was expected and will formally be made to customers today , also marks an attempt to gain credibility on the plant floor , where Digital Equipment Corp. has long dominated and where Hewlett-Packard Co. has recently gained market share . 
Earlier this year , Dataproducts had rejected a $ 15 a share offer from DPC , saying it was n't adequately financed . 
House Speaker Foley ought to deliver that promise . 
`` Next year is an election year and the legislators just do n't want to do anything about this now . '' 
What 's more , it represents an important step for the Alley Theater . 
These utopians caused the deaths -- by starvation , disease or execution -- of well over one million Cambodians . 
John Uphoff , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates , said the results were n't surprising , and attributed the buy-back to management 's confidence in the Mirage 's ability to generate strong cash flow in 1990 . 
Texans Get Reasonable Car Rental Insurance 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , New York , the newly merged drug and health-care-product company , reported record third-quarter earnings for both companies in the merger . 
Now why , you have to ask yourself , would intelligent beings haul a bunch of rocks around the universe ? 
A recent change in French law , according to Toshiba , permitted formation of the semiconductor marketing arm in Paris . 
Wells Fargo continued to generate one of the highest profit margins among major banks , minimizing a drop in net interest margin with 13 % third-quarter growth in high-yielding business loans and similar growth in mortgages . 
`` There 's no question it will make LBOs more expensive , '' he said . 
`` Bush and Deng are hoping { that } cooler heads prevail . 
Analysts at Standard & Poor 's say junk bond offerings by `` tightly stretched '' issuers seem to be growing . 
Starting next month , Eastern will begin flying 775 flights daily instead of the previously announced 700 , they said . 
That 's my challenge . 
Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , confirms that there is `` increasing concern about the future liquidity of the junk bond market . '' 
At least 15 major studies purport to show that particular states have imposed the death penalty disproportionately against killers of whites compared with blacks , and against black defendants compared with white defendants . 
50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with an indicated 0.5 % coupon at par , via Bank Julius Baer . 
( U.S. Treasury bonds are still the dollar-denominated investment of choice for long-term Japanese investors ) . 
After reportedly investing $ 100 million in the business , Discovision ceased manufacturing operations in 1982 and sold many of its assets to Tokyo-based Pioneer , among others . 
`` All they are trying to do is borrow some of the legitimacy of the Bill of Rights itself . 
Neither woman was invited by CBS News to participate in a round-table discussion about Mr. Hoffman that is to follow the re-enactment . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
GE 's Power Generation subsidiary will operate and maintain the plant upon its completion . 
Kikkoman was up 30 to 1,600 , receiving investor interest for its land property holdings near Tokyo , a trader said . 
`` That burden is very difficult , if not impossible , to meet , '' says Mr. Boyd . 
That event , he contended , simply shows the `` vulnerability '' of having listings on only one exchange . 
Because these freshmen placed far more emphasis on their partisan role -- spreading the Reagan revolution -- in national policy making , they were more vulnerable to defeat . 
Under those measures , financial institutions would be restricted from owning any more real estate than they need for their business operations . 
Mid-State Federal Savings Bank advanced 1 1\/2 to 20 1\/4 after it said it is in talks with a possible acquirer . 
Dow Chemical Co. said its Destec Energy Inc. unit has agreed to buy PSE Inc. , a Houston energy company , in a deal valued at about $ 115 million . 
One more word and you are out on a park bench , mister . '' 
Pressure from big institutional investors has been the major catalyst for Wall Street 's program-trading pullback . 
MCI , which stepped up efforts to sell long-distance telephone service to residential customers , reported a 59 % jump in earnings . 
The company said it currently holds about 4.2 million of Innopac 's 13.8 million common shares outstanding , which have an aggregate market value of about 137.8 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 117.3 million ) . 
The failed rights issue also should have a modest impact on British Air shares . 
Sales of the heart drug TPA were $ 43.6 million , better than last year 's depressed third period when the company sold just $ 29.1 million of the drug . 
The brokerage firms , which negotiate rates with the banks and thrifts whose CDs they sell , generally feel they have to offer clients more than they can get on T-bills or from banks and thrifts directly . 
Changing the outcome of the trial is what really matters . 
A Big Board spokesman would only say , `` We 're working the problem and looking at the issue and meeting with a broad number of customers and constituents to get their views and ideas on the issue . '' 
If further research proves the seed 's benefits , this dusty farm district could become the epicenter of a health-food fad to rival all fads since cod-liver oil . 
He knew which local luminaries had been caught driving drunk , which had been found with their mistresses . 
Added Mark Rogers of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. : `` It 's much easier to be second . '' 
The 120-day exclusivity period was to expire yesterday . 
Average daily trading volume : 344,354 shares 
Additional housing vouchers and certificates will be made available , officials said , and some housing and community-development funds may be shifted from other programs or made available for emergency use . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Earlier this month , the Supreme Soviet adopted two more resolutions restricting the freedom of cooperatives : The first enables the soviets to set prices for which goods may be sold ; the second bans cooperatives from buying `` industrial and food goods '' from the state or other cooperatives . 
Production in Shanghai , China 's industrial powerhouse and the largest source of tax revenue for the central government , fell 1.8 % for the month . 
Lang is cutting costs and will attempt to operate the magazine with only subscription revenue . 
`` This suggests the bailout law is having a more dramatic effect than anyone would have imagined so soon . '' 
Total turnover in Glaxo was a thin 975,000 shares . 
Wednesday , Nov. 1 , 9-10:30 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Thomas Hart Benton . '' 
Credit policy should separate these two competing objectives and eliminate aspects that provide the subsidy . 
Campeau developed a cash squeeze that caused it to be tardy on some interest payments and to put its prestigious Bloomingdale 's department store chain up for sale . 
Former USX Corp. Chairman David M. Roderick may have been lucky he retired last May . 
`` Politics has essentially put up a roadblock '' to finding sites for new federal prisons , Mr. Bennett said at a news conference called to report on his `` emergency assistance program '' for the capital . 
And if a user is busy , `` he can set it for crisis mode : ` Do n't bother me with reports until Monday . ' '' 
Prices of long-term Treasury bonds hovered in a narrow band most of the day , finishing little changed despite the dollar 's weakness and fears about a wave of government borrowing coming soon . 
In this case , the investor 's risk would n't exceed 3.6 % of the total investment . 
It was the highest bid in history for a work of art . 
`` When I made this investment , I made it on a lifetime basis , '' he explains . 
Bond prices surged in reaction to the sell-off in stocks , then eased slightly during the afternoon recovery . 
In 1988 , Kidder eked out a $ 46 million profit , mainly because of severe cost cutting . 
The firm 's new head of mergers and acquisitions under Mr. Newquist , B.J. Megargel , talks of the opportunity to `` rebuild a franchise '' at Kidder . 
Other casino owners , Circus Circus among them , are financing their expansion with their own cash and revolving credit lines from local lenders such as First Interstate Bank of Nevada . 
The Supreme Court agreed to decide whether the federal Pension Benefit Guaranty Corp. may require LTV Corp. to reassume funding responsibility for a $ 2.3 billion shortfall in the company 's pension plans . 
To take advantage of local expertise and custom , the study said , Congress should require each of the 94 federal district courts to adopt its own plan to speed the handling of civil suits and to reduce the high costs in civil cases . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Automatic Data closed at $ 46.50 a share , down $ 2.25 . 
And many have done just that . 
`` Filtered news is what people want , '' says Esther Dyson , editor of Release 1.0 , an industry newsletter that spots new developments . 
Mr. Malpass directs the Republican staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress . 
It is expected that the current surge in demand for new power will be filled primarily by independent producers which , unlike utilities , are n't regulated and therefore do n't need government approval to construct new plants . 
Hard-hitting consultants match ads with Mr. Courter 's team , and Mr. Florio retools himself as the lean , mean Democratic fighting machine of the 1990s . 
Not a peso is offered . 
He said that when he was on the board he felt that he had a great deal of power and , somehow , he did n't think that was a good thing . 
`` More customers may come to us now , '' said James Cayne , president of Bear Stearns Cos . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Consultants say that Wang 's technology is among the best available in the image market . 
For car marketers , it has become a much tougher battle to keep loyal customers from defecting to one of the new makes on the block . 
Honeywell previously said it intended to reduce its holding in the Japanese concern as part of a restructuring plan which also calls for a reduction of dependence on weapons sales . 
A major goal is to cut the working week to 35 hours from the present 37 . 
But the notebook , with the more advanced microprocessor and hard disk , is more innovative . 
`` I think there 's overwhelming evidence to indicate probable criminal activity , '' said Mr. Meek , who participated last year in an examination of the Irvine , Calif. , thrift . 
A company does n't have to post a loss to be a candidate for sale , says Charles I. Clough Jr. , chief market strategist at Merrill Lynch & Co . 
Many analysts are expecting the Fed to lower interest rates at least once more before the end of the year . 
The addition to reserves comes on top of a provision of $ 199.7 million that was announced in June . 
In this sense , a teacher can be compared to one 's family doctor . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.24 , off 0.25 ; spot index 130.76 , off 0.88 . 
To reduce it at the fund 's building , workers rubbed beeswax instead of polyurethane on the floors in the executive director 's office . 
I compared one universal policy for $ 130,000 face amount from such an insurer , American Life Insurance Corp. of Lincoln , Neb. , with a similar offering from Equitable Life Assurance Society of the U.S. , which operates through 11,000 commissioned salesmen . 
Citizens , based in Atlanta , said it has about $ 4.6 billion in factored sales annually ; the Security Pacific unit has about $ 1.8 billion annually . 
But we are , in reality , witnessing the continuing decline of the political economy of capitalism : not so much the end of history but the history of the end . 
He is an avuncular figure who remembers the birthdays of colleagues ' children , opens doors for women , and almost never has a bad word to say about anybody . 
One of the mysteries of AIDS remains why infected people produce large quantities of antibodies , but deteriorate nonetheless . 
Court in Brief 
As the news spread that the refineries were intact , crude prices plunged , ending the day at $ 20.56 a barrel , down 19 cents . 
That was his reward for working until 11 p.m. seven days a week to cover his $ 3,000 a month rent . 
But when agencies like the NIH circulate guidelines , they 've often already formulated policy , veteran scientists say . 
Kellogg 's current share is believed to be slightly under 40 % while General Mills ' share is about 27 % . 
But the financial rewards are n't expected soon , nor are they guaranteed . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 165,000 , unchanged from the previous sale Oct. 13 . 
It has sent mixed signals about its willingness to take part in the exchange-rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , which links the major EC currencies . 
One was that , despite his 62 regular-season wins over the past three seasons in the Land Beyond the Late News , he has been overshadowed by his more-muscular mates and missed out on prizes that might have been his due . 
The prepaid plans take payment today -- usually at current tuitions or at a slight discount -- for a promise that tuition will be covered tomorrow . 
Takeover stock traders , focusing on the company 's intention to stay independent , took the announcement as bad news . 
The index registered 196.1 in August , compared with 195.4 in July and with 184.9 in August 1988 . 
Czechoslovakia 's premier said he supports broad political and economic restructuring , but ruled out any dialogue between Prague 's Communist government and independent human-rights or dissident groups . 
Mr. Uhr said that Mr. Petrie or his company have been accumulating Deb Shops stock for several years , each time issuing a similar regulatory statement . 
One sign of Mr. Deaver 's renaissance : an appearance on ABC 's `` Nightline '' for a show on pack journalism . 
`` The only people who are flying are those who have to , '' said Frank Moore , chairman of the Australian Tourist Industry Association . 
Nissan 's decades-old corporate song filled with references to Mount Fuji has been scrapped in favor of a snappy tune sung by a popular Japanese vocalist . 
Daimler said it has had talks with Jaguar about possible joint ventures . 
The $ 20,000 tax would be a small cost in a multibillion-dollar deal , but a serious drag on thousands of small , friendly deals . 
The surge in competition is expected to stir new life into the huge mainframe market , where growth has slowed to single digits in recent years . 
But put her behind a shopping cart and she turns ruthless . 
Both the pilots and machinists have made it clear that they intend to block any transaction they do n't like . 
Insurers struggled to to get a firm grasp on the volume of claims pouring into their offices . 
The high margin partly stems from continued strong growth in high-yielding consumer loans , which jumped 31 % to $ 17.47 billion from a year earlier , and residential mortgages , which rose 25 % to $ 12 billion . 
It is n't yet clear whether the 200-ruble limit will be lifted . 
`` It 's not very often something like this comes up , '' said Ron Littleboy , a liquor company analyst at Nomura Research Institute in London . 
`` This is a very tenacious ghost , '' Mr. Warren says darkly . 
Beyond that , money managers and analysts see other problems . 
Art indexes track winners , not losers . 
Net was $ 139 million , or 98 cents a share , for the quarter , compared with $ 213 million , or $ 1.56 a share , a year ago . 
About a month ago , Michelin Tire Corp. , Greenville , S.C. , began selling mountain-bike tires , for years a Specialized stronghold . 
During the past 10 years , Hong Kong 's economic growth has averaged 8.3 % annually . 
The wonder is not that the resistance has failed to topple the Kabul regime , but that it continues to exist and fight at all . 
While welcoming Nicholas McInnes 's Sept. 18 letter offering corrections to your `` World-Wide Tax Revolution '' table ( editorial page , Aug. 29 ) , I am surprised that he neglected other errors that , for some of us , strike close to home . 
And even when a specific order is acceptable to an exchange , a brokerage firm can refuse to enter it for a customer . 
The retail participation dropped to an average 18.2 % in 1988 , and shriveled to barely 14 % some months during the year . 
Norway 's unemployment rate for October was 3.6 % , unchanged from September but up from 2.6 % in the same month last year . 
Mr. Shilling understands Mr. Straszheim 's problems . 
His last published novel featuring private detective Philip Marlowe , the inferior `` Playback '' ( 1958 ) , at times read almost like a parody of his previous work . 
People are reading the boxes and deciding they want something that 's ` healthy ' for you -- oats , bran . '' 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.03 billion shares Friday . 
Georgia Gulf , another producer of commodity chemicals , advanced 2 to 49 1\/2 ; Dallas investor Harold Simmons , who holds about 10 % of its shares , said he has n't raised his stake . 
Bond prices also jumped as traders appeared to read the data as a sign that interest rates may fall . 
The private suit was brought by three mentally retarded people who live in a group home in Moon . 
Dr. Vogelstein and a doctoral student , Eric Fearon , began months of tedious and often frustrating probing of the chromosomes searching for signs of genetic damage . 
Mrs. Coleman 's husband , Joseph , a physician , succeeded Mrs. Rosenthal as president and served in that post until his death in 1968 . 
Tom Schumacher , executive vice president and general manager of the California Trucking Association in Sacremento , said his organization urged trucking firms to halt all deliveries into the Bay area yesterday , except for emergency-medical supplies . 
For the fourth quarter , Bristol-Myers Squibb will report one set of earnings . 
Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
The settlement prices of the December , February and April gold contracts were even with Monday 's final prices . 
The new technologies are intended to retire the cathode-ray tube , which accounts for most of the bulk of the conventional TV set . 
MAY 1 , 1975 , SIGNALED A DISTRESSFUL May Day for securities houses , which were forced to end 183 years of charging fixed commissions . 
-- For the past several years , the banks , lacking a private navy to enforce their interests , have been pressuring the U.S. Treasury to underwrite their bad LDC credits . 
So far , says Mr. Cane , most calls have involved landlord-tenant problems , tax problems , divorce , and probate questions . 
Roger M. Marino , president , was named to the new post of vice chairman . 
Mr. Lang feels that Time 's priorities changed . 
But institutions say Wall Street brokerage firms are less willing to make markets . 
Wives May Not Benefit When Men Do Chores 
This year alone , inventories at the Commodity Exchange of New York jumped `` by a staggering 46 million to 221 million ounces '' because of producer deliveries , de-stocking by fabricators and sales by disenchanted investors , says Rhona O'Connell , London-based precious metals analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
The show also signals Mr. Vila 's return as a television celebrity . 
`` You know , '' she says , `` stereotypical stuff like armadillos , cowboys and football . '' 
Commercial vegetables , led by lettuce and tomatoes , rose 19 % in October ; oranges and other fruits rose 5 % . 
Japanese banks accounted for 50 % of the NWA bank debt , according to a report by Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner . 
But that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are discriminating against blacks , the agency said . 
`` The kind of instant liquidity that is implied by index futures is that you can buy a portfolio over two years and get out in one day . 
International Paper emphasizes that it is better positioned than most companies for the coming overcapacity because its individual mills can make more than one grade of paper . 
The team then proposed modifications in their work process to management . 
At present , analysts project a budget gap on the order of $ 500 million to $ 600 million for the fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , although the city 's own budget analysts project a narrower deficit . 
One answer is that big companies are growing weary of fighting environmental movements and are trying instead to cash in on them , although they never care to put it quite that way . 
Then came the frightening 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and a new wave of stock-market volatility . 
In an interview Wednesday with Dow Jones Professional Investor Report , Mr. Stevens said , `` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
It is an intentionally vague document that will create a wave of litigation . 
`` We can not quantify the total adverse effects of Hugo , '' said Edwin Colodny , chairman and president of USAir Group . 
`` They want reassurance we wo n't try to undermine or destroy the Warsaw Pact ... . 
Some dealers note that while the third-quarter figures may appear relatively bullish -- the market consensus calls for a 2.5 % annual growth rate , unchanged from the second-quarter rate -- it would take a significantly stronger figure to alter market perceptions that the economy is softening . 
The No. 1 auto maker scheduled overtime this week at its Janesville , Wis. , assembly plant , manufacturer of the Chevrolet Cavalier . 
`` I am ready at any moment to compete with a state farm . '' 
Whatever accord the three carriers reach , he said , he is skeptical it would create a separate airline . 
The five partners who resigned from Shea & Gould late last week are Tom Hutton , Sam Ingram , Dean Yuzek , Daniel Carroll and Ernest Bertolotti . 
In the early 1970s , Mr. Smith modeled his fledgling company on Tiger 's innovation of hub-and-spoke and containerized-cargo operations . 
London shares also rose , while trading in Frankfurt , West Germany , ended higher . 
A Chemical Securities group won a $ 100 million Oregon general obligation veterans ' tax note issue due Nov. 1 , 1990 . 
Mr. Della Femina will be joint chairman with former WCRS executive Robin Wight . 
He figures the episode will help `` clarify any ambiguities '' between the committee and administration . 
Mr. Tomash will remain as a director emeritus . 
`` Put your money in a good utility or bank stock , not a paper company , '' advises George Adler of Smith Barney . 
But fully 90 % of those polled felt they did n't need to belong to a health club . 
The company did n't announce the sale until after the close of the market . 
Japan 's Big Four securities firms posted first-half unconsolidated results that mirrored softer performance as a result of slower turnover on the Tokyo Stock Exchange during July and August . 
The Chicago exchanges also are working on such a device . 
Credit Agricole officials could n't be immediately reached for comment . 
Yasumichi Morishita , whose art gallery last month became a major shareholder in Christies International PLC , the London auction house , is one man who does n't fit the mold . 
But to Mitsubishi Estate , the acquisition has just the elements that should win support from both sides . 
The most recent OTC short interest statistics were compiled Oct. 13 , the day the Nasdaq composite index slid 3 % and the New York Stock Exchange tumbled 7 % . 
HASTINGS MANUFACTURING Co. declared a regular quarterly dividend of 10 cents a share and an extra dividend of five cents a share on its common stock , payable Dec. 15 to shares of record Nov. 17 . 
Ciba-Geigy is a Swiss pharmaceutical company and Chiron is based in Emeryville , Calif . 
Merchant banks were stronger across the board . 
`` It 's important to share the risk and even more so when the market has already peaked . '' 
And , for an extra $ 6 , Land 's End will deliver orders within two days ; customers can designate the day . 
With the other hand , KKR put back into SCI TV less than 10 % of the cash it had taken out , buying SCI TV common and preferred shares . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 26 . 
In a corner of the cavernous , new Nippon Convention Center sits Mazda Motor Corp. 's advanced-technology display . 
Last week , Ford encountered a setback in its effort to broaden its U.S. luxury offerings when it was forced to abandon a four-year-old effort to market its German-built Scorpio sedan in the U.S. as a luxury import under the Merkur brand name . 
A record date has n't been set . 
Although it 's unclear how much exposure the London market will face , U.K. underwriters traditionally have a large reinsurance exposure to U.S. catastrophe coverage . 
Cray said it earned $ 30.6 million , or $ 1.04 a share , up 35 % from $ 22.6 million , or 73 cents a share , a year ago . 
`` You have to have clear feelings about someone before you can make jokes , '' says an East German mother of two who loves swapping political barbs with her friends . 
As it now stands , the U.S. can bomb Tripoli , but ca n't `` assassinate '' Colonel Gadhafi . 
Radio Shack says it has a policy against selling products if a salesperson suspects they will be used illegally . 
Hiroshima city officials could n't be reached to find out whether they would drop Fujitsu 's bid . 
-- Confirming other government data showing that wages are n't keeping pace with inflation , earnings of year-round , full-time male workers fell 1.3 % in 1988 after adjusting for higher prices , the first such drop since 1982 . 
`` Mattel 's world-wide volume has grown 25 % in a climate of relatively flat industry sales , '' said John W. Amerman , chairman . 
Still , Mr. Utsumi may have a hard time convincing market analysts who have rightly or wrongly believed that the ministry played a role in orchestrating recent moves by Japanese banks . 
Marvin Davis , whose $ 5.4 billion takeover bid originally put the nation 's second-largest airline in play , is limited by a standstill agreement with UAL he signed in September . 
`` The bottom line is that he is a very genuine and decent guy , '' says Malcolm Hoenlein , a Jewish community leader . 
`` Overall demand still is very respectable , '' says Christopher C. Cole , group vice president at Cincinnati Milacron Inc. , the nation 's largest machine tool producer . 
`` We feel there is an opportunity for an audience that is not being served by any network , so we want to take the lead , '' says KCRA 's general manager , John Kueneke . 
Some said Friday 's market debacle had given Mr. Trump an excuse to bail out of an offer that showed signs of stalling even before problems emerged with the UAL deal . 
We do n't want to be party to a second rejection . '' 
Bond prices rambled yesterday as investors kept close watch on the stock market and worried about a wave of new supply . 
Congress seems likely to let the new chairman have his way for a while . 
Lawyers representing five of the seven defendants in the case say their clients can no longer afford their services . 
And with the recent acquisition of 30 % of Winterthur-based machinery manufacturer Gebrueder Sulzer AG , Mr. Rey has enjoyed the status of white knight . 
Not all those who wrote oppose the changes . 
Similarly , Honda Motor Co. 's sales are so brisk that workers grumble they have n't had a Saturday off in years , despite the government 's encouragement of more leisure activity . 
The issue is 6 % to 7 % overcollateralized , and 75 % of the loans are covered by a General Electric pool policy covering losses of as much as 10 % of the original principal balance of the loans . 
Agreement on these points is a long way from a specific program , and nobody expects the U.S. to rush toward radical restructuring of the health-care system . 
Because all operations are connected , one equipment failure forces a complete plant shutdown . 
The Association of Outplacement Consulting Firms says the industry 's volume has soared tenfold since 1980 , to $ 350 million a year ... . 
Mr. Seidman is chairman of the Resolution Trust Corp. , established to sell or merge the nation 's hundreds of insolvent savings-and-loan associations . 
Paper work on how it was spent is incomplete . 
When traders see the Fed is in the exchange market it may make them tread a little carefully , for fear of what the central bank may do . 
Adults with AIDS have had access to AZT since FDA approved the drug 's usage for adults in March 1987 . 
Mr. John becomes the latest of many music stars , including George Michael and Whitney Houston , to appear in ads for the diet drink . 
Next , Mr. Wathen raised Pinkerton 's rates , which were 75-cents-an-hour lower than California Plant Protection 's average rate of around $ 8.63 . 
In San Francisco , small businesses are urging passage of a local initiative to build a new $ 95 million downtown baseball stadium ; they believe it will spur retail sales and hotel-restaurant business . 
Joseph Hardiman , president of the National Association of Securities Dealers , which oversees trading on Nasdaq , agrees that program trading is hurting the market 's efforts to bring back small investors . 
Another major electronics problem faces Mr. Thompson -- the creation of a 24-hour trading system that can be used outside normal trading hours . 
Mr. Sorrell , traveling in the Far East , could n't be reached . 
`` There will be no capital-gains bill this year , '' said Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) . 
Speculation that the Federal Reserve will lower interest rates in coming weeks helped push the dollar down while boosting stocks , traders said . 
Moreover , ostentation is appreciated . 
Harry J. Pearce , named general counsel in May 1987 , says the reduction is a cost-cutting measure and an effort to let the No. 1 auto maker 's 134-lawyer in-house legal department take on matters it is better equipped and trained to handle . 
Assume that a TV network is airing a celebrity interview program with a live audience . 
We 're told Senator Pryor is n't yet a co-sponsor , but if he and his colleagues are serious about kicking their compulsions , they 'll sign up . 
Big banks such as Chemical Bank and Chase Manhattan , which have been taking heavy charges to expand their Third World loan-loss reserves , are n't looking for tax-exempt income . 
Talk show hosts quickly change the topic . 
The comptroller 's office says it is `` monitoring the situation . '' 
Another close ally is Ruth Messinger , a Manhattan city councilwoman , some of whose programs , such as commercial rent control , have made their way into Mr. Dinkins 's position papers . 
He continues to reshuffle the team , trading famed running back Herschel Walker to the Minnesota Vikings this month for a slew of players and future draft picks . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange Friday , Crossland closed at $ 5.25 , down $ 1.875 , a 26 % decline . 
`` I believe that as soon as the selling abates somewhat we could see a rally back to the $ 1.20 region , '' she added . 
Rather , the brunt of the slowdown will be felt in the fast-growing private and semi-private `` township '' enterprises , which have fallen into disfavor as China 's leaders re-emphasize an orthodox Marxist preference for public ownership . 
Mr. Friend says he passed that along to his adversary , and soon they were talking about the ground rules under which Derr could keep its money and the plaintiffs could take a shot at Mr. Alexander . 
Investors , he advises , `` should be cautious , '' holding fewer stocks than usual and also shunning bonds . 
AFTERSHOCKS RATTLED Northern California amid an earthquake cleanup . 
Although acquiring a foreign company would expand Japanese advertising agencies ' business to foreign clients , many clients would also be Japanese companies expanding overseas , says the Dentsu spokesman . 
The class-action suit highlights shortcomings of the Trans-Alaska Pipeline Liability Fund , which gets its money from oil companies using the pipeline and compensates those harmed by oil spills . 
He says that when Dan Dorfman , a financial columnist with USA Today , has n't returned his phone calls , he leaves messages with Mr. Dorfman 's office saying that he has an important story on Donald Trump , Meshulam Riklis or Marvin Davis . 
A somewhat higher percentage of people living in the Bay area have bought the additional insurance protection , but the great majority are n't covered . 
The money manager is controlled 67.7 % by its top officers and top officers of Oppenheimer & Co. , a securities firm . 
GE Capital has a working relationship with L.J. Hooker . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Solo woodwind players have to be creative if they want to work a lot , because their repertoire and audience appeal are limited . 
The chemical segment had a $ 6 million gain on the sale of ammonia and urea businesses , which was offset by a $ 6 million charge for future environmental expenditures . 
And it 's growing fast , with annual sales gains of more than 10 % . 
That compared with an operating loss of $ 1.9 million on sales of $ 27.4 million in the year-earlier period . 
In addition to selling Japanese-made photocopiers and facsimile machines in Europe and copier supplies in the U.S. , Nashua has three other major businesses : labels and tapes , data storage disks for computers and mail-order photofinishing . 
Vanguard Group Inc. saw heavy exchanges from stock funds into money market funds after the telephone lines opened at 8:30 a.m . 
State Senator J.E. `` Buster '' Brown , a Republican who is running for Texas attorney general , introduced the bill . 
All $ 3.35 billion in debt for the deal was supplied by banks . 
The market closed prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement . 
But some economists and government officials here are n't applauding . 
In this niche , makeup colors change seasonally because they are linked to ready-to-wear fashions . 
It appears likely that , this year or next , some form of capital-gains preference and passive-loss restoration will be enacted . 
Mr. Roberts was assistant Treasury secretary under President Reagan . 
Data for 1987 from the National Association of Suggestion Systems and the Japan Human Relations Association also indicate that Japanese employers adopt four of five suggestions , while their U.S. counterparts accept just one in four . 
The Oversight Board , created in the savings-and-loan law signed in August , sets policy for the RTC , which will sell hundreds of the nation 's sick thrifts and billions of dollars of their assets . 
Aussedat Rey is a leading French maker of copying and electronic printing paper . 
His was one of two research teams in 1984 to report dual chromosome losses for a rare childhood cancer of the kidney called Wilm 's tumor . 
Next to them was the red flag of the outlawed South African Communist Party , which has long been an ANC ally . 
Calgene Inc. and Gustafson Inc. said they plan a joint project to develop biological products to control such plant diseases as aflatoxin , a potent cancer-causing agent . 
But in the stock and real-estate markets , activity remains spotty even though prices have regained much of their lost ground . 
The office will tap the resources of Sidley 's 700 lawyers in the U.S. , London and Singapore as well as the 400 Ashurst staff members in London and Brussels . 
For the nine months , Ashton-Tate had a loss of $ 27.6 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
Average daily trading volume : 145,954 shares 
The Nobel committee made the first addition ; John Dingell 's congressional committee created the second . 
`` Norm Berry was a creative inspiration at the company , and nobody has filled that void , '' said Ms. Hill . 
Speakers yesterday called on foreign governments to increase sanctions against Pretoria and urged supporters inside the country to continue defying emergency restrictions and racial segregation , known as apartheid . 
FOR THOSE WHO DELIGHT in the misfortune of others , read on . 
Refcorp is the financing unit of Resolution Trust Corp. , a new government agency created to rescue the nation 's troubled thrifts . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged about 80 points in slightly more than one hour after the opening bell . 
Oils and fats also did well , posting a 5.3 % sales increase . 
All foreign markets are aggressively courting U.S. business . 
The clearance by the Food and Drug Administration comes after two years of restricted access for the youngest victims of AIDS to the only antiviral drug yet cleared to treat the fatal disease . 
American Exploration Co. , offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Mr. Cornell says : `` The junk market is no bonanza as Drexel claimed , but it also is n't a disaster as the doomsayers say . '' 
Mr. Genova said the committee may meet to propose solutions to the problems identified in the study . 
I like rather tea , because it is at the end of the day . '' 
`` It 's like squeezing a balloon , '' Dr. Bailit said . 
Prices on the larger models , which range as high as $ 13 million , generally wo n't change . 
Through the longstanding relationship between the two companies , Mitsukoshi has opened 22 Tiffany shops in its stores and arcades in Japan . 
The Hildebrandt course enables students to brush up on negotiation skills by role playing in simulated deals . 
Stockholders will vote on the proposal at a meeting Dec. 13 . 
That could make it tricky for investors who need to sell their holdings quickly before the securities mature . 
Ms. Bogart 's cast is part and parcel of the problem . 
If bringing the message is a crime , I 'm guilty of it . '' 
The prospectus did n't include many details about the studio and theme park , although conceptual drawings , released this month , show that it may feature several `` themed '' areas similar to those found at parks built by Walt Disney Co . 
The president of Herzog , Heine , Mr. Geduld expects the market to be `` very choppy '' for a while . 
Asked if the Soviets , like Chinese officials , wo n't one day face a similar conflict between the desire to liberalize economically and yet retain political control , Mr. Lee said , `` I would think that the Soviets face a deeper dilemma because they have been more in blinkers than the Chinese -- I mean keeping their people cut off from the outside world . '' 
Within a few days in July , Inco raised its bid to $ 36 and United matched it . 
Lionel Corp. 's board unanimously rejected a tender offer of $ 8 a share , or $ 95.4 million , for as much as 90 % of Lionel by a group with a 9.9 % stake in the toy retailer . 
While a buildup of these stocks adds to GNP , it can hurt the economy because a pileup of unsold goods can lead to production cuts and layoffs . 
The plaintiffs accused Irving of paying less interest than promised in a marketing brochure . 
Los Angeles-based Northrop recorded an 8.2 % decline in sales as B-2 Stealth bomber research-and-development revenue continued to ebb and high costs on some other programs cut into profit . 
It 's reassuring , and it usually works . '' 
`` The other areas of the business -- storage and microcomputers -- were very good , '' Mr. Johnson said . 
Lone Star 's San Francisco facilities were n't damaged in the quake . 
In 1988 , a year and a half after Mrs. Marcos and her late husband , Ferdinand Marcos , the ousted president of the Philippines , fled the Philippines for Hawaii , they were charged with racketeering , conspiracy , obstruction of justice and mail fraud in a scheme in which they allegedly embezzled more than $ 100 million from their homeland . 
If all the debt is converted to common , Automatic Data will issue about 3.6 million shares ; last Monday , the company had nearly 73 million shares outstanding . 
Margaret Thatcher 's instinctive response to the latest upheaval in her government is to promise business as usual . 
TransAtlantic Holdings PLC , a British-based , South African-controlled financial services investment group , and France 's Societe Centrale Union des Assurances de Paris reached an accord effectively reducing chances of an unfriendly takeover for Sun Life Assurance Society PLC . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers . 
Some of the would-be reformers , however , want to restore an arrangement we once had -- or , at least , part of it . 
`` When I first got a glimpse at the witness list , I could n't believe that they were going to go ahead and do this , '' says Michael Waldman , director of Congress Watch , a consumer group . 
Corporate due process appeals to management for a variety of reasons . 
PepsiCo said its soft-drink prices were about 2 % higher in the quarter . 
Conference committees are breeding grounds for mischief . 
Two Los Angeles radio stations initiated Red Cross donation campaigns , and one Los Angeles bank manager forked over $ 150,000 of his own money for relief purposes , the Red Cross said . 
`` They 're often right across the street from one another , '' Mr. Thompson said . 
Mr. Goldston , who had been president of Faberge Inc. 's Faberge U.S.A. division before joining Reebok in September 1988 , left in August to pursue other interests . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Financial Corp. also is proposing to exchange each of its 130,000 outstanding shares of cumulative convertible preferred series A stock for two shares of common . 
Gulf Canada , Calgary , said the transaction is part of its plan to sell non-strategic assets and focus operations on Canada , Indonesia and other international areas . 
It 's all part of a new `` command center . '' 
The decision to increase the loan-loss reserve and suspend the dividend is `` both prudent and in the best long-term interest of the shareholders , '' he said . 
But neither of those developments did much to juice up growth , Mr. Sit says . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates asked some 2,000 consumers , including Mrs. Lombardi , whether they usually buy one brand of a certain type of product or have no brand loyalty . 
`` Most traders will be looking to buy { on } pullbacks , '' he said . 
`` But 93 % of tourists still come for gambling . 
The final package is expected to be announced within the next week . 
Sun also reported a record backlog of orders . 
Experienced resistance commanders wanted to use guerrilla action and siege tactics to wear down the regime . 
One bank stock was a winner . 
The shuttle Atlantis 's crew prepared to return to Earth today several hours earlier than planned to avoid high winds forecast at the landing site at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif . 
An arbitrator awarded Eastern Airlines pilots between $ 60 million and $ 100 million in back pay , a decision that could complicate the carrier 's bankruptcy-law reorganization . 
Mr. Spielvogel said Mr. Achenbaum will work with clients to determine the mix of promotion , merchandising , publicity and other marketing outlets , and to integrate those services . 
GSX is a unit of Laidlaw Transportation Ltd. of Burlington , Canada . 
Merkur 's death is n't nearly as costly to Ford as was the Edsel debacle , because Merkur was a relatively low-budget project with limited sales goals . 
It is extraordinary that the British Treasury thought it could prevent a trade deficit by inflating the pound . 
For the nine months , it had a loss of $ 58.3 million , or $ 2.44 a share , after earnings of $ 29.5 million , or $ 1.20 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Last week 's output fell 1.7 % from the 1,848,000 tons produced a year earlier . 
The analysts argued that Georgia-Pacific 's offer , the first hostile bid ever among major players in the paper industry , ends the unwritten taboo on hostile bids , and will push managements to look closely at the industry 's several attractive takeover candidates . 
He pampers them ; he invites them to fabulous parties ; he strokes them . 
`` How many shares will be around in 1995 ? '' he asked . 
An accounting controversy at the end of last year forced Boston Co. to admit it had overstated pretax profits by some $ 44 million . 
The building , which will handle child abuse , custody and foster care cases , will be `` less formal , less threatening and just basically less grim than most courthouses , '' says Edmund Edelman , chairman of the Los Angeles County Board of Supervisors . 
In 1986 , he settled an antitrust suit based on a taped telephone conversation of him proposing to Braniff 's president that they both raise fares 20 % . 
Mr. Goldberg contends that even as `` propaganda '' the film fails because it presents only one view . 
He cited the example of San Francisco 's financial district , where many new glass towers survived almost unscathed . 
Nowhere have eyes been opened wider than at CBS News . 
Phillips found and improved a yeast , `` Pichia pastoris , '' which made protein from natural gas-derived alcohol . 
The Big Board 's disclosure of program trading activity on these two days was unusual . 
For now , both companies are keeping quiet about their specific plans . 
Mr. Savaiko theorized that the news on cold fusion did n't affect the market yesterday because many traders have already been badly burnt by such stories . 
`` She wants things to be exciting . 
The new equipment , which will produce steel sheet with more uniform thickness and flatness , is likely to cost more than $ 20 million , the company said . 
He is a mechanical engineer , not an atmospheric chemist . 
The investment will be made through IBM Australia Ltd. , a unit of IBM , the two companies said yesterday . 
Hold on to those funny braids ! you wanted to caution her as the sets started to roll around once more . 
Using cinema , television and print ads , the company pitches Southern Comfort as a grand old drink of the antebellum American South . 
The Japanese want us to accept their culture , but they refuse to accept the American culture . 
Analysts were predicting 1990 BellSouth earnings in the range of $ 3.90 a share , or $ 1.9 billion , but now those estimates are being scaled back . 
We 're surprised . 
That should happen by today , he said . 
Not all of those parcels have yet been sold . 
Underclass neighborhoods offer relatively few employment opportunities , contributing to the poverty of local residents . 
Did Mr. Loeb , his tipper , breach a fiduciary duty ( and , if so , to whom ) ? 
Hooker is based in Sydney , Australia . 
Over the summer , Anheuser competitors offered more and deeper discounts than industry observers have seen for a long time . 
Twenty-five trucks capable of cooking food were dispatched from other states . 
What 's more , both Eurocom and brothers Francis and Gilbert Gross , who founded Carat , will acquire 14.99 % stakes in WCRS Group , creating a powerful link between Eurocom and Carat . 
Away from the general obligation sector , activity was modest . 
`` That means we can accept orders '' and begin getting back to normal , says Ms. Tharp . 
The company attributed the loss to declining revenue and litigation costs relating to criminal charges against the company and two former executives , William G. Moore Jr. and Robert W. Reedy . 
Prospect Group Inc. , whose recent hostile tender offer for Recognition Equipment Inc. failed for lack of financing , apparently has gained a measure of control over the troubled company anyway . 
President Reagan vetoed this as a First Amendment violation . 
Critics on the left and right have been calling for all sorts of revisions to the measure for years . 
Like thousands of salespeople before them , Wang 's are finding ways to combat the bad news . 
`` I 've got 70 kinds of apples . 
Mobil 
Shortly after announcing its quarterly loss , USAir 's stock tumbled $ 3 a share . 
Nissan , Japan 's second-largest auto maker and the world 's fourth-largest , was getting beat up not only by its bigger rival , Toyota Motor Corp. , but also by Honda Motor Co. , the most successful Japanese car company in the U.S. but a relative pipsqueak in Japan . 
The bank 's additional provisions brought reserves for loans to less-developed countries to $ 2.4 billion , covering 36 % of its medium and long-term loans outstanding to these nations . 
`` Nothing has changed fundamentally in the Tokyo market . '' 
`` But it 'll sure make you poorer . '' 
These procedures consume millions of man-hours of labor and produce tons of paper , and each year , their end product -- the Five Year Defense Plan -- promptly melts away . 
If you 're like most people , you said it 's a holding that goes completely sour -- maybe a bond that defaults or a stock whose value disappears in a bankruptcy proceeding . 
Last week , the strategy of playing the two experts off each other blew up : Mr. Lawson quit in exasperation and Sir Alan Walters , the adviser , announced his resignation within an hour . 
`` A number of us are not going to touch capital gains , IRAs or anything else unless it contributes to deficit-reduction , '' said Sen. Charles Robb ( D. , Va. ) , who is one of the 10 to 20 Democrats who the Bush administration believes might favor giving preferential treatment to capital gains . 
Mr. Bickwit said , `` I can see why an S&L examiner would regard these as unusual activities , '' but said the overseas investments `` essentially broke even '' for the S&L . 
The packaged-goods marketers may try filling that gap with a spate of new products . 
The Federal National Mortgage Association said 39 lenders across the U.S. have agreed to offer home loans under Fannie Mae 's pilot program for elderly people . 
Pay raises of 60 % over the past three years have given many South Koreans the money to enjoy the things they were supplying the rest of the world . 
Many funds in recent weeks and months have been selling their highest-quality junk issues , such as RJR Nabisco , to raise cash to meet expected redemptions . 
Almost one million shares of Sun Microsystems changed hands , but the issue was unchanged at 17 3\/4 . 
Norman Berry , the creative executive who was apparently squeezed out of Ogilvy & Mather in June , is returning to Ogilvy 's parent company , WPP Group PLC . 
Mr. Junius said Nashua 's `` intention is to remain an independent public company . '' 
And in some months , he buys stock-index futures and not stocks at all . 
Ms. de Vries is a free-lance writer . 
Percentage differences based on daily sales rate rather than sales volume . 
`` They continue to pay their bills and will do so , '' says Ms. Sanger . 
The bill would then declare that the debt is equity and therefore is n't deductible . 
Dennis O'Brien , the treasurer of Commonwealth Edison Co. in Chicago , adopts a polite approach , waiting for an opportunity to ask about the forecast . 
By Wednesday , the outstanding October contracts amounted to 8,524 , representing about $ 1.13 billion in stock , noted Donald Selkin , head of stock-index futures research at Prudential-Bache Securities , who expects a volatile expiration today . 
Many traders say that `` circuit breakers '' put in place to damp volatility after the 1987 crash actually added to volatility when the stock market plunged Friday . 
After an internal investigation , the company found that senior officials used a variety of schemes to fabricate sales gains , including counting shipments of bricks and defective drives as sales . 
You 're right there in the mainstream of American business , building value on the back of insupportable expenditures . 
The company said results for its second quarter ended Oct. 28 could drop as much as 20 % below the 30 cents a share reported in the year-earlier quarter . 
The Rafale project is the result of France 's inability jointly to develop a plane with other countries , and French officials question whether the state can continue paying for expensive independent programs . 
He said the inquiry was n't made in a way that the banks could have interpreted as either encouraging or discouraging participation , and he added that none of the Japanese banks changed their posture on the deal as a result of the inquiry . 
Arthur B. Crozier , 34 , an attorney , was named secretary , succeeding John Virtue , who was another of the ousted directors . 
`` Those stocks are up because their earnings are up and their dividends are up , '' he says . 
As a result , the officials said they are open to making a variety of deals with Senate Democrats to win their support for a capital-gains tax cut . 
He estimated it could take a day for a computer security manager to expunge the virus from a computer system . 
Total truck production fell 22 % from a year earlier to 315,546 units . 
The financial problems are particularly frustrating for salespeople pushing Wang 's image systems , which convert paper forms to electronic documents . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
It was the first time in seven years that Moscow has n't joined efforts , led by Moslem nations , to expel Israel from the world body , and was viewed as a sign of improving Soviet-Israeli ties . 
Northern Trust Corp. said its board adopted a shareholder rights plan aimed at deterring unwanted takeover bids , but said it 's not aware of any plan to acquire the banking concern . 
Urban is the company 's first telephone subsidiary in Wisconsin . 
Leading the pack , Microsoft soared 3 3\/4 , or 4 % , to a record price of 84 1\/4 on 1.2 million shares . 
More than ever , his pro-consumer and pro-environment record is in sync with the state . 
The buy-out group had no firm financing for the plan . 
At the close , the narrower 30-share index was up 19.7 points to 1721.4 . 
Patrick Basham 
`` They always listened , but they never acted , '' Mr. Guber says . 
Moreover , the extensive program in effect establishes a floor for the stock price , said Joel Price , analyst for Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
The Guber-Peters side has said Warner is particularly concerned about the prospect of a huge Japanese company controlling important segments of the U.S. entertainment business . 
The piano compositions , which have been labeled variously as minimalist , Oriental , repetitive , cyclical , monophonic and hypnotic , are relentlessly tonal ( therefore unthreatening ) , unvaryingly rhythmic ( therefore soporific ) , and unflaggingly harmonious but unmelodic ( therefore both pretty and unconventional ) . 
The Lambda Legal Defense and Education Fund of New York City has received complaints from homosexual couples whom the airline does n't recognize as family . 
Clarcor Inc. said a plan to sell its J.L. Clark Inc. subsidiary to a group headed by Anderson Industries Inc. for $ 70.3 million has been terminated . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
Unless the Soviet Union collapses , German reunification is likely to require Germany 's neutralization . 
It was quoted at 2.9428 marks in late New York trading Wednesday . 
But the judge denied a request by the former national security adviser , who faces five criminal charges , to seek documents from Bush . 
Diesel Kiki Co . ( Japan ) -- 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
I realize you were just looking for something snotty to say about California and its environmental movement , but picking Frank Lloyd Wright to say it for you was a bad call . 
General Electric Co. said it signed a contract with the developers of the Ocean State Power project for the second phase of an independent $ 400 million power plant , which is being built in Burrillville , R.I . 
Traders attributed the action in them largely to defensive positioning in a volatile market . 
In June , the Supreme Court threw out the conviction of a Texas man who set a flag afire during a 1984 demonstration , saying he was `` engaging in political expression '' that is protected by the First Amendment . 
Examples of the divisive effects of racial gerrymandering can be seen in two cities -- New York and Birmingham , Ala . 
Giant Group owned 22 % of Rally 's shares before the initial public offering . 
Although September 's weakness followed two strong months for home sales , the decline supports other indications that the drop in mortgage rates earlier this year has had only a limited beneficial effect on the housing market . 
`` If a salesman jeopardizes his credibility in this time of trouble , it will be a problem for the long run , '' says George Palmatier , a Minden , Nev. , sales consultant and author of `` The Marketing Edge . '' 
When the hacker moved , Mr. Stoll moved too , calling up other systems managers to alert them but keeping his own system open to avoid arousing suspicion . 
But there were fewer price swings than expected . 
Mr. Marcus believes spot steel prices will continue to fall through early 1990 and then reverse themselves . 
Paul Kleinaitis , an analyst at Duff & Phelps , says , `` Even though they have borrowing power , they have been disciplined about acquisitions . '' 
At the same time , my share in a wide variety of entertainment pursuits has given perhaps the most dramatic demonstration of the benefits of creative personal financial planning . 
The government 's Office of Bank Supervision and Examination told the National Assembly this month that in the first half of 1989 , the nation 's 30 largest business groups bought real estate valued at $ 1.5 billion . 
The joint venture will have nominal capital of 50 million marks ( $ 26.9 million ) and 700 employees . 
The indirectness of his later work reflects both an appetite for new genres and the hazards of art in the Arab world . 
Nor do we see any reason to believe that a metropolitan Washington that has gotten fat and rich and lazy in the shadow of the federal colossus will change much on its own initiative . 
Urging LIN directors to conduct `` a fair auction on a level playing field , '' McCaw asked how well the public interest would be served `` with the Bell operating companies controlling over 94 % of all cellular { potential customers } in the nation 's top 10 markets . 
Calgene , an agricultural biotechnology concern , said initial work will concentrate on a proprietary strain of Bacillus subtilis which has shown promise for controlling aflatoxin . 
Unless the government suddenly reverses course , wages for most workers wo n't keep pace with inflation , creating a potential source of urban unrest . 
Among possible buyers , Grand Metropolitan PLC might find Beefeater a useful addition to its portfolio . 
Big cyclical companies are using `` all the tricks they can to stabilize earnings , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
One might well ask : Why bother with this drug at all ? 
Walter M. Brady was named a senior vice president of this insurer in the Canadian head office . 
Society Corp. , which is also a bank , agreed in June to buy Trustcorp for 12.4 million shares of stock with a market value of about $ 450 million . 
Mr. Schlesinger is Albert Schweitzer professor of the humanities at the City University of New York and a winner of Pulitzer Prizes in history and biography . 
Initial steps were taken at Poland 's first international environmental conference , which I attended last month . 
Hale Milgrim , 41 years old , senior vice president , marketing at Elecktra Entertainment Inc. , was named president of Capitol Records Inc. , a unit of this entertainment concern . 
The Winter Games outlook also is mixed . 
Merck 's profit climbed 25 % , Warner-Lambert 's 22 % and Eli Lilly 's 24 % . 
Tokyu , however , said no agreement had been reached . 
At age 19 , she was a Paris sensation , transformed from unwanted child to international sex symbol in just over a decade . 
Here , at a soccer stadium near the black township of Soweto yesterday , were eight leaders of the African National Congress , seven of whom had spent most of their adult lives in prison for sabotage and conspiracy to overthrow the government . 
Ford ca n't make a full-fledged bid for Jaguar until U.K. government restrictions expire . 
Neither plan is dead , however , and the judge could force creditors to accept some version of them after ruling on the Minpeco-Manufacturers Hanover dispute . 
Cilcorp will also assume $ 22 million of Hunter 's existing debt . 
A reorganization plan proposed jointly by the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover was stalled by a negative vote from Minpeco . 
The weakness in New York City bonds follows a warning from New York state Comptroller Edward Regan that the 1987 crash seriously weakened the city 's economy . 
The result `` will ultimately be a very different group in size and structure , '' Bond Corp. directors said in a statement . 
London shares rallied to post strong gains after initial fears evaporated that the California earthquake would depress Wall Street prices . 
The senior subordinated debentures maturing in 2004 are targeted to be offered at a yield of between 12 5\/8 % to 12 3\/4 % . 
USAA , with 400,000 mutual fund accounts , manages more than $ 10 billion , $ 2 billion of which is in the stock market . 
They found they had bought stock from limit orders that they might have entered weeks or months earlier and had forgotten to cancel . 
The Coats bill , which already has 32 Senate co-sponsors , is n't a pure line-item veto because it would apply only to spending bills . 
Dr. Kitamura said about 35 projects are currently under way in Japan , and that Japanese researchers in the past year have made available three possible cures to American researchers for clinical tests . 
Those officials say there was full disclosure of the risks in a `` fact sheet '' sent to all CD investors with their confirmation of sale . 
The 30-share index closed 11.6 points higher at 1772.6 . 
Mr. Wall relieved them of responsibility for supervising Lincoln in 1988 . 
Tandy said its experience during the shortage did n't merit the $ 5 million to $ 50 million investment U.S. Memories is seeking from each investor . 
However , Atlantic Richfield preserved its twopoint advance in the previous session and added 1\/8 to 103 7\/8 . 
Insofar as Mr. Dingell has a special interest in NIH and the institutions that receive its funding , the Rockefeller scientists were no doubt discomfited by Dr. Baltimore 's unflattering public opinion of this congressional patron , whose behavior reminded Dr. Baltimore of the McCarthy era . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , LIN shares rose 62.5 cents to close at $ 110.625 . 
The Merc is now cooperating with the Comex in developing such a device to provide such an audit trail . 
That included 21 of the company 's 747-400 jumbo jets , its most successful product . 
That 's the market . '' 
`` They are piggybacking onto developed technology , '' he said . 
Among the company 's current efforts : repairing old parts at 25 % of the cost of replacing them . 
Sometimes , if you have a headache , you can go out and walk it right off . '' 
That coverage is provided by a syndicate of insurance companies including Fireman 's Fund Corp. , based in Novato , Calif. , and Cigna Corp. , based in Philadelphia . 
Silicon Graphics also plans to unveil even less expensive machines in the near future . 
`` The computer 's mind is too straight , too primitive , '' lacking the intuition and creativity needed to reach the top , he said . 
Aussedat Rey S.A. , a French paper producer , said it concluded an agreement with Japan 's Fuji Photo Film Co. that will allow Aussedat Rey to manufacture and sell thermal paper using Fuji technology . 
`` We cleared up questions and inconsistencies very quickly , because the people who had the skills and perspective required to resolve them were part of the task team , '' Mr. Anton explains . 
Mercedes-Benz of North America Inc. , a unit of Daimler-Benz AG , paid Massachusetts $ 9.1 million in taxes , bringing to an end a 10-month-long corporate tax chase . 
One investment banker who is n't involved in the deal says SCI TV needs at least $ 50 million of new equity to survive . 
`` Who wants to be a public shareholder investing in a company controlled by the pilots ' union ? '' asks Candace Browning , an analyst at Wertheim Schroeder & Co . 
Pegasus Gold `` has been on a lot of recommended lists as a junior growth company stepping into the big leagues , '' says Marty McNeill , metals analyst at Dominick & Dominick , a New York investment firm . 
The Israeli Manufacturers ' Association filed a police complaint against an Arab pasta maker for using the four colors of the outlawed Palestinian flag on spaghetti packages . 
Federal Reserve Chairman Alan Greenspan told Congress that the Fed can wipe out inflation without causing a recession , but he said doing so will inflict some short-term pain and will require reducing the federal deficit sharply . 
Accessories not only sell faster than whole bikes , they also offer profit margins nearly double the 25 % to 30 % or so on sales of complete cycles . 
Sales rose 6.2 % to $ 1.45 billion from $ 1.37 billion . 
Huge fire from broken gas main in the Marina in SF . 
Mr. Gintel has filed suit in Delaware Chancery Court , seeking to block Xtra 's anti-takeover tactic . 
Still , case-by-case retrospective decision making of this sort is vulnerable to the tunnel vision caused by a fixation on ad hoc ( and usually sleazy ) examples . 
One reason , they said , was that the official reports on the 1987 crash exonerated program trading as a cause . 
He said he believes the bank loan , to be arranged by February , will supply about half of the financing . 
Overhead costs at some of the largest charities , in millions of dollars 
This is the U.N. group that managed to traduce its own charter of promoting education , science and culture . 
There are no agreements yet . '' 
Amcore , also a bank holding company , has assets of $ 1.06 billion . 
It is n't a current topic of conversation at the company , '' said Barry Diller , chairman and chief executive officer of the Fox Inc. unit of News Corp . 
He said Rorer sold the drugs for `` nice prices '' and will record a combined , pretax gain on the sales of $ 20 million . 
It wanted to buy RJR Nabisco Inc. 's French cracker subsidiary , Belin , in hopes of selling its products in tobacco stores , but lost the bidding to food group BSN SA . 
Well , it now turns out that Mrs. Thatcher had to travel across the globe to the 49-member Commonwealth summit in Kuala Lumpur to discomfit the Holy Order of Consensus Builders . 
`` There 's more and more of this cash-up-front going on at every level , '' says Bruce Miller , president of Art Funding Corp. , an art lender . 
But British Air 's withdrawal from the UAL buy-out could have further repercussions . 
People hold out and try to get a bargain . '' 
Revenue declined 3.4 % , to $ 8.4 billion from $ 8.7 billion . 
CMS ENERGY Corp. said management would recommend to its board today that its common stock dividend be reinstated at a `` modest level '' later this year . 
Mr. Noriega , by now a lieutenant colonel , expanded his contacts to include the Cubans -- not to mention the Israelis , the Taiwanese and any other intelligence service that came knocking . 
Thomas P. Marrie , chief financial officer , would n't comment about the details of the negotiations . 
Over at Conradies , the general store , a black stock boy scurries to help an elderly white woman with her packages . 
For some players , the lure is money -- up to $ 15,000 a month . 
Perhaps the biggest hurdle owners face is convincing newcomers that this is a reputable business . 
`` Once people got into it , I was allowing them to live a dream , '' he says . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The space shuttle Atlantis boosted the Galileo spacecraft on its way to Jupiter , giving a big lift as well to an ambitious U.S. program of space exploration . 
The point is that any piece can be used as background music for virtually anything . 
Mr. Steinhardt also could take that route . 
But there were supposed to be three , Mr. Wathen 's company claims . 
But trade , one of the economy 's main forces in the past few years , showed a sharp deterioration . 
And , because China 's leaders have abandoned plans to drastically reform the economy , it is likely to continue , analysts say . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Coastal Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement with Aruba to restart a 150,000-barrel-a-day oil refinery . 
On top of that , Boeing would make cost-of-living adjustments projected to be 5 % for each year of the contract . 
Citicorp posted a 9 % drop in quarterly profit . 
Among the stocks featured in the market-makers ' squeeze was Sears , which closed at 107 pence ( $ 1.70 ) a share , up 3 . 
Yields on small-denomination certificates of deposit fell at about half the rate of so-called jumbo CDs this week , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
He said Wang had reached an agreement with a `` major financial firm '' to sell for $ 150 million its domestic equipment lease portfolio and that of its Wang Credit Corp. subsidiary . 
Natural upheavals , and most particularly earthquakes , are not only horrible realities in and of themselves , but also symbols through which the state of a society can be construed . 
The deposit numbers for August marked a swing back to huge outflows after a July net deposit inflow of $ 54 million -- the only net inflow in more than a year . 
`` What you 'll hear as we get into December is that sales are sluggish , '' predicts Woolworth 's Mr. Sells . 
But the last stock market boom , in 1986 , seems small compared with the current rush to market . 
Unlike many lawmakers , Chairman Gonzalez says he considers intervening with regulators to be improper . 
`` We need research that convinces us that magazines are a real value in reader 's lives , that readers are really involved . '' 
Honecker , who was reported ill following gall-bladder surgery in August , said he was resigning for health reasons . 
The designer 's attorney , Molly Bartholow , said that Ms. Garratt was forced to start bankruptcy-law proceedings because Jerell began withholding her royalty payments last month . 
Differences between the Treasury and the Federal Reserve on the usefulness of intervention to help restrain the dollar resurfaced at the hearing . 
But junk bonds took more hits . 
Michael Ruettgers , who had been executive vice president , operations , was named president and chief operating officer . 
Not only did his company find $ 20,000 worth of work , but when the approach was suggested , Mr. String says , Brooks officials `` did n't laugh at me or anything . 
`` We had a lot of problems , '' Mr. Sinyard says . 
She said she used the market 's wild swings to buy shares cheaply on the sell-off . 
This , he warned , would prevent these countries from bridging the difference with their richer EC brethren . 
Together , the six government-controlled or essentially insolvent Arizona thrifts have tangible capital of a negative $ 1.5 billion , foreclosed property of $ 1.8 billion and pastdue loans of $ 1.63 billion . 
Upjohn is a world-wide provider of health-care products and services , seeds and speciality chemicals . 
But not just any bonds will do . 
American Home Products 
Some analysts estimate the average PC costs about 50 % more in Japan than the U.S. . 
`` The reinsurance market has been bloodied by disasters '' in the U.S. as well as in Great Britain and Europe , says Thomas Rosencrants , director of research at Interstate\/Johnson Lane Inc. in Atlanta . 
Unincorporated Business : Partnerships and sole proprietorships , professional corporations . 
ITEL CORP. reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in yesterday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
John M. Kucharski , EG&G 's chairman and chief executive , said the acquisition `` will extend EG&G 's core technologies , strengthen its position in the European Economic Community and assure a strength and presence in the Eastern European market . '' 
But there may be less there than meets the eye . 
Healthcare operates many of the health-care properties that HealthVest owns . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
After coming close to a partial settlement a year ago , shareholders who filed civil suits against Ivan F. Boesky and the partnerships he once controlled again are approaching an accord , people familiar with the case said . 
Although many investors were aware that a bond offering was being scheduled , many expected a much smaller amount of bonds to be sold . 
The company has said the paper is n't for sale , and has rebuffed Mr. McMaster 's earlier requests for access to Free Press financial statements . 
He sees flashy sports as the only way the last-place network can cut through the clutter of cable and VCRs , grab millions of new viewers and tell them about other shows premiering a few weeks later . 
Would he suggest that employees of an American company doing business in Japan conform to their new bosses ' culture and philosophy ? 
The Dorrance estate , auctioned off in a series of sales held over four days , included porcelains , furniture and paintings . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
But most of the drug money is kept in investments and in financial institutions outside Colombia . 
The Palace , with its marble fountains and toga parties for high rollers , is already well-known for its Caesarean theme . 
Keeping the mood light , the two then chanted and chortled their way through some murderous polyrhythms , devised by Mr. Douglas as an alternative to Hindemith 's dry theory-teaching techniques , and then , with Mr. Gomez , soared and improvised on the composer 's tight `` Bebop Etudes . '' 
Earnings from the bank 's global consumer business grew 27 % . 
Former Rep. Fernand St Germain , brought down by the savings-and-loan crisis , now represents -- you guessed it -- savings-and-loans associations . 
Renault and DAF Trucks NV announced a preliminary agreement to jointly manufacture a line of trucks in Britain and France . 
Unlike traditional buy-and-hold strategies , all of the above require that market makers be on hand to provide liquidity by buying and selling stocks in a crunch . 
He succeeds the retiring James W. Wilcock . 
They will have to revisit this issue , and they 'll have to revisit it before long . 
Revenue jumped nearly 17 % to $ 223.3 million from $ 191.4 million . 
There is no mystery why the Delta originated `` Singin ' the Blues . '' 
As directed by the board , NASA completed the evaluation and again chose CSC . 
Much of the excess spending will be pushed into fiscal 1991 , and in some cases is temporarily parked in slow-spending accounts in anticipation of being transferred to faster-spending areas after the budget scorekeeping is completed . 
`` The economy is crashing hard , '' says an Asian economist in Beijing . 
Mr. Carlucci , 59 years old , served as defense secretary in the Reagan administration . 
The spinoff argument , after all , reverses the current notion that assets are worth more to private buyers than to public shareholders . 
They are economists and financial reporters who sympathize with the view that a capital-gains tax cut benefits the rich . 
And , in a sense , that 's the kind of task individuals face in deciding what to do about stocks -- the mainstay of most serious investors ' portfolios . 
He was succeeded by John Major , who Friday expressed a desire for a firm pound and supported the relatively high British interest rates that he said `` are working exactly as intended '' in reducing inflation . 
CBS News sends scripts to agents , who pass them along to clients . 
Before becoming self-employed , or setting up a cooperative , workers must seek permission from the local soviet ( council ) . 
THE MILEAGE RATE allowed for business use of a car in 1989 has risen to 25.5 cents a mile for the first 15,000 from 24 cents in 1988 , the IRS says ; the rate stays 11 cents for each added mile . 
By yesterday afternoon , Air Force transport planes began moving additional rescue and medical supplies , physicians , communications equipment and FEMA personnel to California . 
In those areas , the role of NSC staffers under them therefore have become more important . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The Senate Finance Committee voted to expand the deduction for individual retirement accounts , and also to bring back income averaging for farmers , a tax preference that allows income to be spread out over several years . 
GATT membership will not matter to Donbas coal miners short of soap , nor will a START treaty make any difference to Ukrainian nationalists . 
`` On the other hand , we have economic news that is { expected to be } relatively positive for the bond market . 
Over the weekend , McCaw continued to call for an auction of LIN . 
They scooped up hundreds of S&P futures when the market needed it most . 
A simultaneous announcement was made in Moscow . 
`` Empty tank cars will float away on you if you get a big tidal surge . '' 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
The mutual-fund industry is debating the question , but do n't expect a new name while the old one is working so well . 
While Wells Rich recently picked up Hertz Corp. 's $ 25 million to $ 30 million account , it has lost a number of big accounts this year , including the $ 20 million to $ 25 million Cadbury-Schweppes Canada Dry and Sunkist accounts , the $ 18 million Procter & Gamble Co . Sure deodorant account and the $ 10 million Polo\/Ralph Lauren business . 
`` The time is long overdue to take a look at the fierce competition in the long-distance business and the rules governing it , '' the New York telecommunications firm said in a statement . 
The common view , says Abby Cohen , strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , is that there will be `` mild economic growth , modest profit expansion , and things are going to be hunky-dory . 
That may be the largest patent award ever , but it is well below the $ 12 billion Polaroid seeks . 
In the year-earlier period , the company earned $ 461 million , or $ 1.91 a share . 
But the Japanese Fisheries Association criticized moves to ban the practice in international waters . 
Mr. Roman will oversee American Express 's public relations and government affairs , among other things , but he wo n't be involved in its advertising , which is handled by the operating units . 
CAE is a Toronto-based maker of commercial and military aircraft simulators and training equipment . 
This occurred partly because of more competition as the number of new businesses surged . 
The researchers discovered that Episcopalians , Presbyterians , Methodists and fundamantalist Protestants were nearly always against the defendants ; the lawyers resolved to try to keep them off the jury . 
And the study said federal courts should set firm trial dates early in the process . 
The disciplinary proceedings stem from trading in April 1987 . 
Born-again Christians are the most visible targets of unscrupulous do-gooder investment pitches . 
GTE Corp. and MCI Communications Corp. reported strong earnings gains to record levels for the third quarter . 
`` You should know what questions to ask to get people to answer . '' 
Misawa Homes was up 20 at 2,960 . 
They will also tell you that even if you hate heights , you can still balloon . 
Under federal transportation law , a government mediator is attempting to reconcile the melding of Tiger 's job classifications into Federal 's . 
What with Halloween coming and bigger defense cuts looming , more and more Pentagon bureaucrats are crawling under their desks . 
When Walter Yetnikoff , the president of Sony Corp. 's CBS Records , last month told producer Peter Guber that Sony was about to make a $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia Pictures and needed someone to run the studio , Mr. Guber jumped at the chance . 
Just after Hurricane Hugo battered South Carolina , some officials talked of perhaps adding a penny to the state gasoline tax or raising property taxes . 
`` Everything sold at Radio Shack has a legal purpose , '' says Bernard Appel , president of the Tandy Corp. subsidiary . 
The amount Bally and Mr. Trump will pay to settle the class-action suit pales in comparison to the $ 45 million Walt Disney Co. and Saul Steinberg 's Reliance Group Holdings Inc. agreed to pay to settle a similar suit in July . 
Revenue rose 3.5 % to $ 8.47 billion from $ 8.18 billion . 
He 's had a history of deception and this is the latest chapter . '' 
Dow Jones & Co. said it acquired a 15 % interest in DataTimes Corp. , a subsidiary of Oklahoma Publishing Co. , Oklahoma City , that provides electronic research services . 
Volume totaled 14,580,000 shares . 
The company 's shares closed yesterday at $ 4.25 , off 25 cents , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Midsized cars accounted for the greatest growth in units , rising 62,872 units to 134,550 units , or 88 % . 
This charge was partly offset , however , by $ 19 million in pretax capital gains . 
( Mr. Garrison notes , however , that the Garfield tomb is one of the nation 's premier examples of Romanesque architecture . ) 
The Dalai Lama , who was just awarded the Nobel Peace Prize , lives in exile in India . 
Mr. Bakes previously had a turn at running Continental . 
He said Du Pont holds about 23 % of the world-wide market , the largest single share , at a time when growing uses for the pigment have kept it in tight supply , although others are now adding low-cost production capacity . 
Egg-industry lobbying helped persuade six states to ban Mr. Maynard 's automatic egg-breaking machine because of fears over salmonella . 
L.J. Hooker Corp. is expected to reach an agreement in principle this week to sell Merksamer Jewelers Inc. to management , say executives familiar with the talks . 
And traders say that futures have become an accepted part of the financial landscape . 
Marketers believe most Americans wo n't make the convenience trade-off ... . 
As the announcer reads favorable quotes about the model from Motor Trend and Road & Track magazines , the other car , which is white , slowly turns green . 
Mrs. Coleman , 73 , who declined to be interviewed , is the Maidenform strategist . 
But Humana says its own facilities could serve its insured for less if they were properly equipped . 
This bias is in no way deliberate . 
Intelligence officials to this day worry whether Mr. Noriega sold sensitive information on the recordings to the Cubans or others . 
Revenue soared to $ 101.7 million from $ 39.5 million . 
The lucky ones gaze out at life with serene eyes and smile with a face of innocence at their perfumed happiness . 
Today , after Mr. Freeman 's plea , there is an uncertainty that is both unfair and inefficient . 
Remember those bulky , thick-walled refrigerators of 30 years ago ? 
Altogether , Macy and its subsidiaries own or lease 149 department stores and 61 specialty stores nationwide . 
She adds that some technological advances trail those in the U.S. because the Japanese still import basic operating systems from American companies . 
Patrick J . Early , president of Amoco Corp. 's oil-production unit , says that despite recent stability , he plans continued tightening of costs and exploration spending . 
Trelleborg 's internationally traded `` Bfree '' series stock plunged SKr29 ( $ 4.48 ) to SKr205 ( $ 31.65 ) in volatile trading Monday in Stockholm . 
`` Solidarity does n't care for the good of this region , '' he says after a few pleasantries . 
The so-called Louvre accord was seen to have set ranges of 1.70 marks to 1.90 marks and 120 yen to 140 yen . 
Since gold tends to soar when inflation is high , that finding suggests that people believe inflation remains under control . 
Under his watch , office politicking was often rampant in the agency 's New York operation and the office there has had a dismal new-business record for more than a year . 
The reserves dropped for the first time in recent years , to $ 14 billion in June from $ 19 billion in April . 
The average yield there on six-month issues is 8.32 % . 
It would n't be a good idea to indict him -- much less Mr. Noriega , the prosecutor was told . 
The machines will cost around $ 16,250 on average in Europe . 
Afrikaner philosophers and theologians have long ruminated on the need for a white homeland . 
This bacterium produces a toxin that , if used as a vaccine , can induce immunity to whooping cough . 
Aside from slashing costs and investing heavily in its plants , Akzo has spent 3.9 billion guilders ( $ 1.88 billion ) on acquisitions since 1983 to give it better balance . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3377.43 , off 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
The usually cautious giant will become the majority owner of the company that owns New York 's beloved Rockefeller Center at a time when tensions over Japanese purchases of U.S. property are at an all-time high . 
Law Firm Management Can Be Quite Rewarding 
Market technicians were encouraged by the price patterns , which in the past have preceded sharp rallies . 
Galileo will skim past Earth in 1990 and 1992 , collecting energy from the planet 's gravitational field to gain momentum for its trip to Jupiter . 
Pretoria 's approval of the demonstration and the ANC 's conciliatory tone appeared aimed at setting up negotiations to give blacks political rights . 
This year , a number of retail leveraged buyouts have failed , causing jitters among suppliers , and Mr. Merksamer apparently wanted assurances that he wo n't have delivery problems . 
The plan may include selling branches , consolidating or eliminating departments , and winding down or disposing of unprofitable units within 18 months . 
A.G. Edwards & Sons runs training classes and looks for experienced brokers . 
In addition to owning HBO , with 22 million subscribers , Time Warner separately operates cable-TV system serving about 5.6 million cable-TV subscribers . 
At least two years ago , the company put 60 million barrels of oil reserves on the block . 
Securities analysts , many of whom scrapped their buy recommendations after seeing Cathay 's interim figures , believe more jolts lie ahead . 
The shift of retailing to large shopping centers has created even greater economies of scale for providing low-crime business environments . 
IBM just last year started selling its first machine that could run in both Japanese and English and that substantially enhances compatibility with its American products . 
`` Unfortunately , there is only one laboratory for developing techniques to withstand earthquakes , and that is an earthquake , '' said Burch Bachtold , San Francisco district director for the transportation department . 
He says he expects to sell the collection -- including the controversial Rubens -- `` carefully and prudently , just as it was put together . '' 
Many contend that the report may overstate the economy 's health and predict the third-quarter figures may be the last vigorous statistics for some time to come . 
Ten of the plant 's workers were injured when the quake hit about a half-hour into the afternoon shift ; seven were hospitalized . 
Democrats argued that the training wage was a way of allowing employers to pay less than the minimum wage , while new workers need far less than six months to be trained for their jobs . 
Mr. Carpenter notes that these types of investors also are `` sophisticated '' enough not to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading . 
`` I hope he grows with the job , '' says Rainer Eppelmann , a Protestant pastor in East Berlin . 
Bond resale prices , and thus fund share prices , move in the opposite direction from rates . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection earlier this year . 
In California and New York , state officials have opposed Channel One . 
The Labor Department said wage settlements in the third quarter called for average annual wage increases of 3.6 % in the first year and 3.0 % over the life of the contracts . 
Digital also said it has dispatched teams of technicians to California . 
Strange that we do n't hear similar criticisms of the East Coast activists who seek to clean up Boston Harbor or rid their beaches of medical waste . 
That reassessment resulted in continuing asset sales , as well as write-offs exceeding A$ 1.1 billion last fiscal year . 
Nearly 10 years ago , representatives of service-sector companies worked out a plan with the Commerce Department to improve the data on service-sector exports . 
It appears that the only thing Congress is learning from the HUD story is how to enlarge its control of the honey pot going to special interests . 
The threat came during a two-day celebration in Costa Rica to highlight Central America 's progress toward democracy in the region , attended by President Bush , Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney and 14 other Western Hemisphere leaders . 
Jim Pattison Industries , a holding company with annual sales of about C$ 1.9 billion , largely from car dealerships and grocery stores , did n't elaborate on the statement , and a company official declined further comment . 
`` If there 's an emergency and there are n't sufficient funds from elsewhere , I think the attitude will be supportive , '' said Kirk West , president of the California Chamber of Commerce . 
`` I do n't think most of the people that have been around me would ever say they 've seen me pound the table or get angry . '' 
New Brunswick Scientific Co. , a maker of biotechnology instrumentation and equipment , said it adopted an anti-takeover plan giving shareholders the right to purchase shares at half price under certain conditions . 
Mr. Ewing is a consultant based in Winchester , Mass. , and author of `` Justice on the Job : Resolving Grievances in the Nonunion Workplace '' ( Harvard Business School Press , 1989 ) . 
House leaders had hoped to follow the Senate 's lead by getting an agreement from House committee chairmen under which they would drop items that would n't reduce the fiscal 1990 budget deficit from the House-passed bill before the negotiations with the Senate began . 
In an open letter that will run today in the trade journal Automotive News , Ron Tonkin , president of the National Car Dealers Association , says dealers should cut their inventories to no more than half the level traditionally considered desirable . 
Despite the initial support expected , trading in the contract is likely to start slowly . 
But whether such moves can win back the confidence of East Germans , who have taken to the streets by the thousands in recent weeks to demand democratic changes , depends largely on whether they feel they can trust Mr. Krenz . 
Some litigators scoff at the notion that a sociologist knows more than they do about what makes a jury tick . 
A Georgia-Pacific acquisition of Nekoosa would create the largest U.S. forest-products company . 
Mr. Good , who documents these things as best he can , provides an official explanation in the form of a memorandum from Chief of Staff George C. Marshall to President Roosevelt : `` 1,430 pounds of ammunition , '' he wrote his commander in chief , were expended on `` unidentified aircraft , '' flying at speeds as slow as 200 mph and elevations between 9,000 and 18,000 feet . 
As power and commuters returned to much of downtown San Francisco for the first time since Tuesday 's temblor in the Bay area , three strong aftershocks , one measuring 5.0 on the Richter scale , jolted the region . 
However , the thought of a living player selling his checks rubs some people the wrong way . 
He has not changed , but those around him have . 
It was a predictable revival of her prize-winning off-Broadway anthology of Bertolt Brecht 's theoretical writings , called `` No Plays , No Poetry . '' 
And Mr. Kasparov , to cheers and applause , marched back into the analysis room . 
The net loss for the quarter was $ 43.1 million against a year-earlier loss of $ 106 million . 
This summer , the jamboree attracted more visitors than the busiest week of the town 's winter ski season . 
Additionally , Crossland reported a third-quarter loss of $ 175.5 million , or $ 13.44 a share , compared with net income of $ 27.1 million , or $ 1.16 a share , a year ago . 
She finds the response of Marina residents -- primarily yuppies and elderly people -- to the devastation of their homes `` incredible . 
Donald DeScenza , an independent analyst in New Canaan , Conn. , said he was `` impressed with the company 's performance . '' 
Democratic leaders have bottled up President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut in the Senate and may be able to prevent a vote on the issue indefinitely . 
Third-period sales were $ 2.49 billion , up from last year 's $ 2.34 billion . 
`` Why did it take Burroughs Wellcome so long to apply '' for treatment investigational new drug status ? the New York Democrat asked . 
But the problem clearly is widespread and persistent . 
The vehemence of the emotions aroused by the case testifies to its symbolic importance in the war that Thurber accepted as an eternal part of the human condition . 
The Soviets also hope to make better use of their considerable expertise in theoretical science , which has helped them win twice as many Nobel science prizes as the Japanese . 
PWA , which recently merged Wardair 's operations with those of PWA-owned Canadian Airlines International Ltd. , Canada 's second-biggest airline , said the proposed sale is part of a revised five-year plan aimed at streamlining its fleet and shedding debt . 
Berkshire Hathaway earlier this year bought $ 600 million of preferred stock in Gillette that is convertible into an 11 % stake , and Gillette said at the time that Mr. Buffett would be added to the board . 
The joint venture , Uno-Ven Co. , would generate total annual revenue of about $ 500 million and have 1,100 employees , a Unocal spokesman said . 
He does add , however , that transplanted Japanese car makers are boosting the levels of U.S.-made steel in their autos , instead of relying heavily on imported steel . 
Mr. Wachter , who became his principal adviser , searched galleries in London , Paris and Monaco . 
In a typical leverage strategy , a fund tries to capture the spread between what it costs to borrow and the higher return on the bonds it buys with the borrowed money . 
The company is expected to spend about $ 30 million a year on its two-year corporate campaign , created by WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather unit in New York . 
At a later news conference here , Frank Lorenzo , chairman of Eastern 's parent Texas Air Corp. , said Eastern was exceeding its goals for getting back into operation and predicted it would emerge from Chapter 11 protection from creditors early next year , operating with more service than it originally had scheduled . 
Despite his racial advantage , to be a great butler is a heroic calling ; one 's pantry is `` not unlike general 's headquarters during a battle . '' 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1.2 million units consisting of two shares of common stock and one common warrant , via PaineWebber Inc . 
MiniScribe said the disk drives have more memory capacity than other disks that size . 
In contrast , sell limit orders must be placed above the market price and buy limit orders are placed below . 
Some 50 % expect real estate in their local area to increase in value over the next 12 months . 
Bio-Technology , a New York maker of genetically engineered products for human and animal health care , said it made the exchange offer to reduce its interest payments . 
The IRS offered no evidence of hidden sources of taxable income , so Judge Shields rejected its claims . 
April 26 , 1988 : 
That range was quickly narrowed to $ 145 to $ 155 , although traders surrounding the post were told that $ 148 to $ 150 would be the likely target . 
On lampposts along Fillmore Street , a major Marina artery , posters were offering a $ 100 reward for a cat lost during the quake . 
Fortunately , volunteers and charities are not motivated by self-interest , but by altruism . 
Turner has made several movies , docudramas and documentaries for its networks in recent years , but the company has never acted as a full-fledged movie studio and released its own pictures to theaters . 
As previously reported , a member of the Philippines ' House of Representatives has sued to stop the plant . 
Still , they play a crucial role in winning top ratings for most asset-backed issues -- which in turn is why the yield above Treasurys is so slim . 
`` The board has stated repeatedly that Rubbermaid should be independent , '' said Walter W. Williams , Rubbermaid president . 
Term bonds due 2005 are n't being formally reoffered . 
Mr. Engelken turned off the motor and rolled down the window . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.52 % 30 days ; 8.35 % 60 days ; 8.33 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 8 % 180 days . 
( Easy Eggs are pasteurized in a heat-using process . ) 
And the vacillation did n't end there . 
Steelmaking resumed Oct. 18 , but the company expects production to be hampered in the next few months by traffic disruptions around the plant and outages for repair to gas and electric power systems . 
`` Take heart , sports fans , '' he wrote . 
Supposedly , he proposed the movie to his producer , Claude Berri , in four lines : 
Tomorrow , the October purchasing managers report is due and on Thursday comes October chain-store sales . 
IBM is gaining momentum in the personal-computer market , and is expected to introduce some impressive workstations early next year . 
Reports of Dr. Toseland 's findings in the British press have triggered widespread concern among diabetics there . 
Among major pass-through issues , Ginnie Mae 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 15\/32 , up 5\/32 , after touching an early high of 98 27\/32 ; 8 % securities were at 94 5\/32 , up 9\/32 ; 9 1\/2 % securities at 100 15\/32 , up 4\/32 ; and 10 % securities at 102 11\/32 , up 3\/32 . 
First , the somewhat affected idealism of the 1960s . 
Haagen has its own large security force of well-trained and well-paid personnel on round-the-clock duty at each center . 
`` Suddenly CDC ( Control Data ) has a competitive product to fight back against the VAX9000 , '' a machine Digital announced last month , he added . 
`` Just because we 've got some realism back in the market does n't mean it 's going lower from here , '' he says . 
Georgia Pacific Corp. , up $ 1.25 to $ 58 , and Maxxam Inc. , up $ 3 to $ 43.75 , both reported strong profits . 
Unfilled orders for durable goods rose 0.4 % in September , to $ 476.14 billion , after declining for the first time in 2 1\/2 years in August . 
250 million Dutch guilders of 7 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 15 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 7.57 % at issue price and 7.86 % less full fees , via AMRO Bank . 
Once they are in the building , they stay . 
To be sure , the stock still has a lot of fans . 
His credibility is also on the line in the investment community . 
The S&P 500 is often used in arbitrage strategies . 
It 's uncertain if the pilots will continue to do so without a contract settlement . 
The company dispatched as many as 200 people in the San Francisco area to do the work , though most of the rerouting was done by computer . 
And for now , at least , the competition is n't the only enemy . 
All Eastern 's previous court efforts to head off the pilots ' demands have failed . 
Studies show , the consultants say , that people absorb information better and remember it longer if they receive it visually . 
IBM has already indicated it will have problems in the quarter , partly because of a delay in shipping a high-end disk drive and partly because the strong dollar will cut significantly the value of IBM 's overseas earnings when translated into dollars . 
Instead , Mr. Vinson says , interviews with thousands of jurors reveal that they start with firmly entrenched attitudes and try to shoe-horn the facts of the case to fit their views . 
Utility stocks , on the other hand , thrive on disinflation , because the fat dividends utilities pay look more attractive when prices are falling ( or rising slowly ) . 
Democrats counter that the Republicans have often used the same rules to suit their own ends . 
Additionally , the bank is increasing its loan-loss reserves for the third quarter by $ 8.5 million before taxes . 
The establishment of the separate company , to be called Courtaulds Textiles , could be effective as early as next year 's first quarter . 
She signed up , starting as an `` inside '' adjuster , who settles minor claims and does a lot of work by phone . 
I 've been advising small businesses many years and have lived with the fact that 50 % will go out of business within two years , and 80 % in five years . 
The company could command a good price in the market . 
In contrast , an investor holding the Dow Jones portfolio over the year would have accumulated only $ 127,446 . 
Workers and management , Mr. Tyszkiewicz said , would lose the `` flexibility and diversity '' that has so far allowed them to adapt to local conditions and traditions . 
`` A disastrous farce in Malaysia , '' screamed the Manchester Guardian . 
But to Hong Kong , China is n't purely business . 
Big withdrawals from the junk funds have continued this month . 
Nonetheless , concern about the chip may have been responsible for a decline of 87.5 cents in Intel 's stock to $ 32 a share yesterday in over-the-counter trading , on volume of 3,609,800 shares , and partly responsible for a drop in Compaq 's stock in New York Stock Exchange composite trading on Wednesday . 
The news told them it would be a while longer before UAL resumed trading like a regular airline stock after months of gyrations . 
This phenomenon often makes stock prices swing wildly at the end of the trading session . 
Suppliers were also hurt by the stronger U.S. dollar , which makes sales abroad more difficult . 
Kary Moss , an attorney with the ACLU 's Women 's Rights Project , said , `` They wanted a svelte-looking woman , and a pregnant woman is not svelte . 
`` The earning power { of gold mining companies } is restricted unless the gold price hops up over $ 425 an ounce , '' he says . 
Owners of the building in New York say they will be asking $ 50 per square foot for rent to fill the space that Exxon is vacating . 
`` Other people are making it overnight , and the rest who toil daily do n't want to miss that opportunity when it seems to come along . '' 
Six-month and oneyear yields were unchanged , on average . 
Fortunately , an aunt with a college degree bought a small farm and moved us 50 miles north to good schools and an environment that opened the world of opportunity for me as an eight-year-old . 
Banks may contribute more senior debt . 
The decision by Merrill , the nation 's largest securities firm , represents the biggest retreat yet from program trading . 
It also found them rising much more in the Northeast than elsewhere . 
The business includes Beefeater gin . 
Sales edged up fractionally to # 626.3 million from # 625.4 million a year earlier . 
In the year-ago period , the company had profit of $ 34.3 million , or $ 1.32 a share . 
The fuel-efficient Airbus planes will be used largely to replace Cathay 's aging fleet of Lockheed Tristars for regional flights , while the Boeing aircraft will be used on long-haul routes to Europe and North America . 
The settlement stemmed from a lawsuit the dealers filed in 1982 when the Times began its own competing direct delivery service . 
A proposed conflict-of-interest policy for federally funded biomedical researchers may thwart many high-technology new ventures , say financiers , researchers and university administrators . 
Procter & Gamble 's profit surged 38 % in its latest fiscal quarter , aided by a gain from a legal settlement and continued growth overseas . 
Still , Berbera was the best we could get , so we stay in bed with President Barrah . 
It also could be a drag on Georgia-Pacific earnings because the roughly $ 1.5 billion in goodwill -- the amount by which the bid exceeds Nekoosa 's book value of $ 1.5 billion -- will have to be subtracted from earnings over a period of decades . 
Also , BASF AG , another large chemicals company , said it formed a separate division that will study the environmental impact of plastics and will investigate all possibilities of recycling plastics . 
Makoto Utsumi , vice minister for international affairs , said the ministry did n't in any way suggest to Japanese banks that they stay out of the UAL Corp. leveraged buy-out . 
It will be financed by advertisements from U.S. companies and by simultaneous publication of an English-language journal containing details of Soviet medical advancements . 
And they say there are plenty of precedents in Hollywood for letting people out of contracts . 
The bank , which has loss reserves equal to about half its long-term and medium-term loans to less-developed nations , said it does n't think additional reserves are required . 
The scheme allegedly cost the post office # 10 million ( $ 16.1 ) in revenue in the past 12 months . 
Money-making course : wad-working . 
The military has also captured enormous arsenals of powerful and sophisticated weapons , explosives and other war-like materiel . 
One spot shows a Sonata next to a rival midsized car , and an announcer says , `` Listen to what they 're saying about the Hyundai Sonata . '' 
He remains an executive vice president , the company said , and his new position reflects `` the growing importance of the world automotive market as a market for A. Schulman 's high performance plastic materials . '' 
Extensions ca n't be granted for filing employment-tax returns due Oct. 31 or for depositing withheld taxes , but late penalties will be abated for deposits made by Nov. 15 . 
A worm resides in the operating system of a computer and spreads by boring into other computers contacted through networks . 
Although Heathrow authorities have been watching a group of allegedly crooked baggage handlers for some time , the Gauguin may be `` lost . '' 
Equipped with cellular telephones , laptop computers , calculators and a pack of blank checks , they parcel out money so their clients can find temporary living quarters , buy food , replace lost clothing , repair broken water heaters , and replaster walls . 
The bikes are unwelcome on trails in national parks . 
A company spokesman did n't know Mr. Wakeman 's age . 
Therefore , the debate about poison pills will continue to rage in the boardrooms of corporations and the halls of academia . 
But he could n't sell any . 
Computer Sciences Corp. , El Segundo , Calif. , said it is close to making final an agreement to buy Cleveland Consulting Associates from Saatchi & Saatchi 
Mr. Chan achieved a breakthrough in 1987 -- and became a minor celebrity again -- when his story was published in a weekly newspaper . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.46 billion . 
The fight has turned ugly and , among pilots at least , has shattered the esprit de corps that Mr. Smith worked so hard to build . 
News of the major earthquake in California Tuesday triggered a round of dollar sales in early Asian trade , but most foreign-exchange dealers said they expect the impact of the quake on financial markets to be short-lived . 
IMA Holdings Corp. completed its $ 3 billion acquisition of American Medical International Inc. , purchasing 63 million shares , or 86 % , of the Los Angeles-based health-care services concern for $ 26.50 a share . 
As late as the 1890s , the Russian government prevented any coverage of famines . 
`` It 's the one-upsmanship of name-dropping that counts . '' 
Including Monday 's plunge , that has given the two executives paper losses of $ 49.5 million , based on what they would have realized had the pilots and management-led buy-out of UAL gone through at $ 300 a share . 
( Its stake is even smaller if life insurance is included . ) 
Mr. McDonough 's first professional project fully to reflect his environmental ardor was his 1986 design for the headquarters of the Environmental Defense Fund in New York . 
The GM move follows Tuesday 's declaration by Ford , which holds an unwelcome 12.45 % stake in Jaguar , that it is prepared to bid for the entire company . 
In addition , its machines are typically easier to operate , so customers require less assistance from software . 
The other lawyer in the office is partner Robert A. Macari , the firm 's legislative director . 
Eight months after Gen. Boris Gromov walked across the bridge into the U.S.S.R. , a Soviet-controlled regime remains in Kabul , the refugees sit in their camps , and the restoration of Afghan freedom seems as far off as ever . 
On the other hand , Mr. Jennison noted that the recent slide in bank and thrift stocks was at least halted yesterday . 
The United Kingdom reports came from Dr. Patrick Toseland , head of clinical chemistry at Guy 's Hospital in London . 
But one far-afield effect is still with us . 
Our quake behaved much like the Mexico City earthquake , where great damage was miles from the epicenter . '' 
Here is a bible for UFO watchers , complete with pictures of people who say they 've had personal relationships with aliens . 
Atlantic City casino owner Donald Trump is scouting the Las Vegas market with an eye toward building an appropriately spectacular place . 
Contracting for non-residential buildings rose 10 % in September to an annualized $ 100.8 billion . 
Ashton-Tate Corp. reported a net loss of $ 19.4 million , or 74 cents a share , for the third quarter , which was burdened by severance costs and the expense of upgrading its database software inventories . 
This would make the market-oriented system more attractive to Eastern countries , they argue , and allow greater economic aid and technological know-how to flow from West to East . 
But this is not where the rewards of junk financing were found . 
Barred by its budget law from making any new domestic bond issues , Wellington 's Debt Management Office had been casting abroad to raise the 3 billion New Zealand dollars ( US$ 1.76 billion ) to NZ$ 4 billion it needs to come up with by the end of its fiscal year next June 30 . 
Mr. Schwarz also said costs associated with U.S. Trust 's planned move to midtown Manhattan from Wall Street will continue to be a drag on earnings through 1990 . 
`` I want this to be a model of the way a public-owned company should be run , '' Mr. Luzon says . 
Peter W. Likins , president of Lehigh University , Bethlehem , Pa. , was elected a director of this maker of industrial motion-control parts and systems . 
The weaker he gets , the more he turns toward the U.S. for help . 
The verdict , reached late last week in Cincinnati , may end an eight-year legal battle for the Greensboro , N.C. , carpet maker . 
Come daybreak , eight family members and two other workers unroll a sheet of raw rubber that covers the floor of the house and spills out onto the street . 
`` Bugs like this are just a normal part of product development , '' said Richard Archuleta , director of Hewlett-Packard Co. 's advanced systems development . 
In November 1987 , Sotheby 's essentially offered a Wall Street-style `` bridge loan '' of about $ 27 million to Australian businessman Alan Bond to enable him to purchase Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' for $ 53.9 million . 
USAir and Mr. Buffett wo n't talk about Mr. Steinhardt at all . 
If you 're still wondering about the causes of the slump in the junk-bond market , consider the case of Columbia Savings & Loan . 
One indication of a growing number of junk defaults , Mr. Asquith says , is that about half of the $ 3 billion of corporate bonds outstanding that have been lowered to a default rating by S&P this year are junk bonds sold during the market 's big issue years of 1984 through 1986 . 
But cosmetics firms still have one big marketing edge : They motivate sales people with commissions . 
Ocean Drilling & Research dropped 1 1\/4 to 21 1\/2 following news of a restructuring plan that calls for the company to reorganize its drilling business into a separate company and offer a 15 % to 20 % stake to the public . 
But it 's understood that Mr. Kravis is disappointed that Mr. Gillett did n't manage to boost SCI TV 's operating profit after the buy-out . 
At that point , he said , Qintex Australia stated it would `` endeavor to arrange '' the financing . 
Eighteen months ago a `` disposable '' seven-day model bowed ; a year 's supply costs about $ 500 . 
The Coke spokesman said a caffeine-free Classic should help increase volume of the original brand . 
Mitsubishi Estate ended the day at 2680 , up 150 . 
Chugoku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- 
Yet the state alone sells seeds and machines . 
How could he be ? 
`` I pay a lot to the farmer and five times the state salary to my employees , '' he says . 
Investors `` are buying stocks that have predictable earnings , '' said Edward J. Laux , head of block trading at Kidder Peabody . 
When he died in 1959 , Chandler left behind four chapters of yet another Marlowe book , `` The Poodle Springs Story , '' which seemed to go beyond parody into something like burlesque . 
`` It was like a play on Broadway , '' recalls Mr. Martinez . 
As ties between academia and venture capital have blossomed in recent years , governmental fear of abuse has risen . 
So , it is n't surprising that consumer-credit delinquencies at banks remain , as the chart shows , reassuringly below some earlier highs ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
`` At the time we had only daughters , '' explains the 72-year-old patriarch , `` so we had to close the bank . '' 
Radio programs and books have followed the daily television show . 
Silver , however is in a deeper slump than are gold and platinum . 
`` We must find any way to get business . '' 
`` They 're buying whatever 's cheaper . '' 
In London , the Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index jumped 34.6 points to close at its intraday high of 2170.1 . 
As you can guess , the Blandings want to deduct home-mortgage interest on the $ 200,000 loan . 
Other firms `` are dealing with the masses . 
There are still bulls out there . 
142.3 % of the 1977 average . 
Says Todd Richter , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds : `` The shakeout in the publicly traded companies is over . 
`` Given our forecast for lower rates , purchases made now should prove quite rewarding before year end , '' he said . 
So an investor who wanted to realize a profit on OEX puts after the trading suspension would have been out of luck . 
Investors who change their mind about buying or selling after an order has been filled are , usually , stuck with the consequences . 
But an official at a long-term credit bank explained that since some larger banks have already taken loss provisions for loans to other Third World nations , further write-offs could be viewed as intolerable . 
The ULI is a non-profit research and education group based in Washington , D.C. , with 14,000 members nationwide . 
Now , following asset sales that shrank revenue by more than one-third this year alone , Control Data is flush with cash . 
B.A.T Industries , the most active Amex issue , rose 3\/8 to 12 3\/8 . 
`` So we did it over , '' he adds . 
Mr. Drabinsky , who would have had the right to vote those shares for two years , said the purchase , subsequently rejected by regulators , was aimed at consolidating his control of the company . 
For the year-earlier month , the Big Board reported 461,539,056 shares , indicating a 13.5 % year-to-year rise , while the Amex reported 36,015,194 shares , a 48 % leap . 
In addition to 26 chapters in the U.S. , there are 40 chapters in foreign countries . 
Nixon , on the fourth day of a private visit to China , said that damage to Sino-U.S. relations was `` very great , '' calling the situation `` the most serious '' since 1972 . 
New York-based John Kuhns and Robert MacDonald control East Rock Partners Inc. , the sole general partner of East Rock Partners L.P . 
The sense grows that modern public bureaucracies simply do n't perform their assigned functions well . 
Other countries , including West Germany , may have a hard time justifying continued membership . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold dropped $ 1.60 to $ 367.10 an ounce in moderate trading . 
Indeed , McCaw seemed to hint at that option in a brief statement . 
Warner Communications Inc. , which is being acquired by Time Warner , has filed a $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit against Sony and the two producers . 
Institutional buyers were the main force pushing blue chips higher . 
GM 's car sales dropped 24.8 % in mid-October to 69,980 , while truck sales fell 26 % to 37,860 . 
Frederick Rumack of Buck Consultants has asked Labor to recraft its rule to remove the IRS threat . 
Curiously , Randall Arney as Teddy seems the only cast member unable to get beyond the zombie approach to a Pinter character . 
It is this kind of dignity and restraint that allows Stevens to declare : `` For all its sad associations , whenever I recall that evening today , I find I do so with a large sense of triumph . '' 
The dispute started when China , angry that Hong Kong had allowed dissident swimmer Yang Yang to flee to the U.S. , halted the usual daily transfer of illegal immigrants caught in this British colony , which reverts to Beijing 's control in 1997 . 
Following World War II , when one family with mechanized equipment could farm crops formerly requiring 20 families , the surplus people were dumped into the mainstream of society with no Social Security , no skills in the workplace , no hope for their future except welfare . 
And the reason we do n't want to is that effective education would require us to relinquish some cherished metaphysical beliefs about human nature in general and the human nature of young people in particular , as well as to violate some cherished vested interests . 
The company said it would repurchase half of its common shares at $ 70 each , sell an estimated $ 1.1 billion in assets and pay a special preferred-stock dividend to common-stock holders . 
And out of necessity : The U.S. can make mistakes and still hope to remove him from power , but a single error on his part could cost him his life . 
In the first nine months , net rose 1.5 % , to $ 458.8 million , or $ 4.76 a share , from $ 452 million , or $ 4.50 a share , a year earlier . 
Commercials will highlight heart-rending scenes of Texas and chest-swelling , ain't-it-great-to-be-a-Texan music . 
Ms. Parks 's mother also gets to cuff Mr. Alexander . 
Still , Mrs. Thatcher had once again gone against the grain . 
He was convicted of charging interest rates much higher than what the law permitted , and attempting to evade income taxes by using a double accounting system . 
Despite the yen 's weakness with respect to the mark , Tokyo traders say they do n't expect the Bank of Japan to take any action to support the Japanese currency on that front . 
Toshiba Corp. said its new French marketing concern has started operating under the aegis of the company 's West German subsidiary , which formerly handled all sales of Toshiba electronic products in France . 
I will be the first to agree that there is much to be found wrong with modern movie making . 
`` Many people in Poland hope this government will break down , '' says Mr. Niciporuk , who belongs to the local council and to Rural Solidarity . 
With newspapers being the largest single component of solid waste in our landfills , and with our country overflowing with trash , all sectors of our society and all types of businesses must become more responsible in our use and disposal of precious natural resources . 
Or would he interpret it as instruction to give more weight to these other objectives that the secretary represents -- low interest rates , short-run economic expansion , and stabilization of exchange rates at internationally managed levels ? 
As a result , Microsoft 's cost of goods , as a percentage of sales , fell 17 % from the year-ago quarter and 13 % from the previous period . 
Corporate bonds `` are usually not a good bet in a recession , '' Mr. Wyss says . 
The board increased to 11 seats . 
The deal has , as one takeover expert puts it , `` so many moving parts . 
Taco Bell has turned around declining customer counts by permanently lowering the price of its tacos . 
While the university was no more to blame for that than for the similar fate of any other student , it must bear responsibility for its conduct in the aftermath . 
GM officials also see a lot of potential in marrying Jaguar 's cars to the technological know-how of Group Lotus PLC , a British engineering and specialty car maker GM bought in 1986 . 
VALLEY National Corp. -- 
Vienna , Va.-based Legent said it expects to post revenue for the quarter of more than $ 31 million , compared with pro forma revenue of $ 25.2 million in 1988 . 
UAL , the parent company of United Airlines , swung within a 14-point range during the course of the session before closing at 191 3\/4 , down 6 1\/4 , on 2.3 million shares . 
Kyushu Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 28 , 1996 , priced at 101 7\/8 to yield 8 7\/8 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
If All Else Fails ... . 
The dollar soared against the pound , which was at $ 1.5765 compared with $ 1.6145 Wednesday . 
But he does n't appear to be ready to make broad changes either . 
Elsewhere in the Commerce Department , nearly $ 191.2 million is preserved for assistance programs under the Economic Development Administration . 
But he said , `` we have too many plants in our system . 
But while further modest declines might be ahead , Mr. Hafer said it would be difficult to get through resistance levels just above yesterday 's high . 
The Kabul regime would fall . 
`` After a few years , you can argue there has been natural appreciation , '' says Susan Theran , the publisher of Leonard 's Annual Price Index of Art Auctions . 
With uncertainty still hanging over interest rates and the dollar , the market failed to find a focus that might lead to further investor commitments , they said . 
He said the move toward standard operating systems means customers are n't locked into buying from their traditional computer supplier and can force prices down . 
Even more at fault are those leaders in and out of government who urged and supported their defections , thereby giving great help and comfort to the enemy propagandists . 
Under the direction of its new chairman , Francisco Luzon , Spain 's seventh largest bank is undergoing a tough restructuring that analysts say may be the first step toward the bank 's privatization . 
They said they expect the transaction to be completed by Dec. 15 . 
Interprovincial Pipe Line Co. , an oil pipeline operator rumored to be mulling a gas pipeline proposal of its own , said that is n't in the cards . 
Such attitudes have given Federal flexibility , not only to rapidly implement new technology but to keep its work force extraordinarily lean . 
But front month T-bond futures settled the afternoon session up a slightly greater 13\/32 at 99-04 . 
But the higher mortgage ceiling is only the starter kit for what Senator Alan Cranston and Majority Leader George Mitchell have in mind for housing . 
Lloyd 's is moving forward on some fronts , though . 
Their effort to run him out of Washington is an embarrassment to the original purpose of their own movement . 
Rather , it 's a device that could send shock waves through the president 's entire relationship with Democrats and Republicans alike in Congress , fundamentally enhance the power of the presidency and transform the way the government does its business . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company in 1999 , was priced at a spread of 110 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
UAL stock declined by 9 to 161 after nobody surfaced to claim credit for aggressive buying Tuesday by Bear Stearns that sent UAL stock up 35 points in a matter of hours . 
Qintex Australia is a unit of Qintex Ltd . 
Afghan guerrillas bombarded Kabul in a weekend assault that Western diplomats called one of the biggest offensives since the Soviet Union completed a troop withdrawal in February . 
And most of these are absolutely unnecessary . 
`` That 's very sad for China and for Asia because China could have been a good engine for growth , not just for Hong Kong and Taiwan but for Japan , Korea and the rest of Asia . '' 
The company 's shares began trading at 12 1\/2 , up from its initial offering price of 12 , and closed at 13 . 
But Mr. Lagnado predicted the regional trends would continue through Christmas . 
But this is a production designed and directed by Franco Zeffirelli and paid for by Sybil Harrington , who has no need to count her pennies , unlike Violetta , down to 20 louis at the opera 's end . 
Then , as if to show that he could play fast as well , he offered the second movement from Saint-Saens 's Sonata for Clarinet , a whimsical , puckish tidbit that reflected the flip side of the Stoltzman personality . 
People close to the GM-Jaguar talks agreed that Ford now may be able to shut out General Motors . 
Figures do n't include taxes or transaction costs . 
`` It does n't mean anything -- it 's public-relations money . '' 
For example , when Detroit began talking about plastic-bodied cars , the American Iron and Steel Institute began a major lobbying effort to show auto makers how they could use steel more efficiently by simply redesigning how a car door is assembled . 
Share prices closed lower in Paris , Zurich , Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam . 
In a distressing number of cases , no . 
Deere & Co. said it reached a tentative agreement with the machinists ' union at its Horicon , Wis. , plant , ending a month-old strike by workers at the facility . 
Tuesday , October 31 , 1989 
`` Hostile '' thus entered the merger-acquisition lexicon . 
For the year ended July 2 , Rally had net income of $ 2.4 million , or 34 cents a share , on revenue of $ 52.9 million . 
Perry Levine , chairman , said Mr. Sawyer had `` taken significant steps '' to restore the company 's credibility and sense of professionalism and integrity . 
Glossy brochures circulated at racetracks gush about the limelight of the winner 's circle and high-society schmoozing . 
During the quarter , Pfizer received federal approval of Procardia XL , a calcium channel blocker approved for both angina and hypertension , and Monorail Piccolino , used to open obstructed coronary arteries . 
Actually , the funds do fluctuate , but beyond the third decimal place . 
He says individuals should consider not just stocks , but other long-term investments , such as high-quality bonds . 
Mr. Weil of Weil & Associates said he will remain at $ 1 a share for next year but said he wonders whether even that low target is at risk . 
Sears said its U.S. stores had a loss of $ 6.9 million , their first deficit for the period in more than five years . 
`` I do n't know what the risk is { of holding the stock } . 
After the offering is completed , Macmillan will own about 56 % of the Berlitz common stock outstanding . 
In contrast , a student loan program that was meant solely to correct capital-market imperfections would allow loans for any student , regardless of family income , at market or near-market rates . 
But his complaint that `` Days of Rage '' does n't contain balanced comments from Israelis about how badly the Palestinians are behaving is irrelevant . 
Americans place native or native speakers in charge of subsidiaries overseas . 
The figures do n't include substantial dividends on holdings of Bear Stearns stock . 
Although you may have forgotten , public opinion about Gen. Noriega is where it is in large measure because of my investigation of his years of involvement in narcotics smuggling ( and simultaneous work as a U.S. operative ) . 
Price wars between the fast-food giants are starting to clobber the fast-food little guys : the franchisees . 
The tip-off came when he opened a recent Merrill Lynch statement and found that the CD 's `` estimated current market value '' had plummeted by $ 9,000 in a month . 
`` Jon Peters will come barreling into a room , say he 's got a great idea , and be gone . 
A side porch was ripped away . 
The bank said the talks resulted from solicitations by its financial adviser . 
But some analysts wonder how strong the recovery will be . 
The plan is subject to a satisfactory due diligence investigation of Carol Cable by Penn Central , a definitive agreement and regulatory approvals . 
Many groups are n't waiting that long . 
But many owners plan to practice frugality -- crossing out the old code and writing in the new one until their stock runs out . 
It is combing the town of 10,000 for about 200 extras . 
Michael Rauch , an attorney for Dow Jones , defended the offer as adequate , based on what the company considers realistic projections of Telerate 's revenue growth , in the range of 12 % . 
After the close of trading Friday , the Agriculture Department reported that feedlots in the 13 biggest ranch states held 8.06 million cattle on Oct. 1 , down 6 % from that date a year earlier . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Sharp says the set of chips could improve fax machines , graphics computers or identification systems that recognize facial features ... . 
The campaign , created by Omnicom Group 's DDB Needham agency , takes advantage of the eye-catching photography that National Geographic is known for . 
`` I can see cuts of at least 20 % more , '' says the head of the London office of a major U.S. firm . 
Courtaulds ' restructuring is among the largest thus far in Britain , though it is dwarfed by B.A.T Industries PLC 's plans to spin off roughly # 4 billion in assets to help fend off a takeover bid from Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith . 
Solving the global environmental problems we all face will require an unprecedented level of cooperation and communication among industry , policy makers and the scientific community world-wide . 
The company had a net loss of C$ 2.3 million , or 14 Canadian cents a share , a year ago . 
One reason questions surround the heat experiments is that they involve unusually meticulous measurements . 
In a statement yesterday , Mr. Azoff said he chose Warner , the largest record company , because `` their standing in the entertainment industry is second to none . 
`` Briggs screamed , '' Mr. Windsor recalls . 
However , the maximum coupon at which the notes can be reset is 16 1\/4 % . 
The unit is a loosely constructed group of about 3,900 independent brokers and financial planners who sell insurance , annuities , limited partnerships , mutual funds and other investments for Integrated and other firms . 
Aetna Life & Casualty Co. 's third-quarter net income fell 22 % to $ 182.6 million , or $ 1.63 a share , reflecting the damages from Hurricane Hugo and lower results for some of the company 's major divisions . 
The machine is part of an effort by Mips to establish itself as a supplier of computers , not just of integrated-circuit technology . 
Polls also have recorded some slippage in Mr. Dinkins 's support among Jewish voters , and citywide projections now put his lead at between four and 20 percentage points . 
The operation , which has been slow to respond to consumers ' shifting tastes away from fried foods , has been developing a grilled-chicken product that may be introduced nationally at the end of next year . 
But Andrew Porter , a drug-industry analyst at Nikko Securities Co. in London , said if the product were to be successfully developed it would represent `` a potential threat to the long-term viability of Retrovir . 
Illinois joins 36 other states that allow public participation in attorney-disciplinary proceedings and 32 states that open disciplinary hearings to the public , according to the American Bar Association . 
The company has denied the allegations but has negotiated a proposed $ 18 million settlement of related lawsuits . 
`` Carl has a much higher degree of intimacy with his clients than is ordinary for an agency his size . 
Combustion Engineering Inc. said third-quarter net income of $ 22.8 million , reversing a $ 91.7 million year-earlier loss . 
Newspapers published articles about him , and he was hailed as `` the tire king . '' 
If things have n't worked out that well , and sales wo n't hit $ 200 million until 1992 , it 's time to consider selling , he says . 
He also said investment by businesses is falling off . 
The Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved the assumption of Century 's deposits and fully secured liabilities by a newly chartered subsidiary of Valley Capital Corp. , Las Vegas . 
The two companies later agreed to settle for $ 95 million . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 275-a-share offer was rejected by UAL 's board , has n't shown signs of pursuing a $ 300-a-share back-up bid he made last month . 
Hewlett-Packard will charge $ 5,000 for a license covering 10 users . 
Mr. Dang is alleged to have used the account of Singapore hotel and property magnate Ong Beng Seng to effect the transactions . 
Adds Candice Ohlman , the 35-year-old masseuse who plies her trade in the Grand Rapids office , `` They fall in love with my hands . '' 
Apart from those two actions , Mr. Sikes and the three other commissioners said they expect to re-examine how AT&T is regulated since competition has increased . 
But Ms. Bertussi asked , `` Who in their right mind is going to file another complaint with the Ethics Committee ? '' 
But it continued to badly trail its San Francisco neighbor , Wells Fargo & Co. , which reported an extraordinary 1.25 % return on assets . 
I have accomplished too much . 
The statement was part of a Ford filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed . 
In fact , Mr. Bush 's dance was more wiggle than waffle . 
And IBM said it expects the costs to continue climbing . 
Three competitors bid between 300,000 yen and 500,000 yen , according to the Hiroshima government office . 
In late New York trading the U.S. currency was quoted at 1.8353 marks and 141.52 yen , compared with 1.8355 marks and 141.45 yen Tuesday . 
The infusion of activists can bring a clash of cultures . 
Judge Hastings , who was acquitted of similar charges by a federal jury in 1983 , claims he is being victimized and that the impeachment proceedings against him constitute double jeopardy . 
Leonard Lauder , president and chief executive officer of Estee Lauder , said consumer magazines are suffering from what he called `` niche-itis , '' the increasing number of magazines that target the idosyncratic interests of readers . 
Last year , Hochiminh City Food says it bought two million metric tons of unhusked rice , more than 10 % of the country 's output . 
-- Give the EPA added discretion to set `` negligible risk '' levels for pesticide residues in processed food . 
`` Babies , kiddies , '' growls their manager -- a fellow named Earl Weaver , who , in a different time , handled four World Series teams and now handles the Gold Coast Suns . 
In another approach , tiny Iverson Technology is trying to resume its growth by braving the new world of commercial products . 
Tokyu executives were n't available for comment early Thursday morning in Tokyo . 
Dr. Toseland , a toxicologist , said he was preparing an article for a British forensic medical journal raising the possibility that the deaths may have occurred after human insulin blunted critical warning signs indicating hypoglycemia , or low blood sugar , which can kill diabetics . 
Last year a gunner shot a whooper by mistake thinking that it was a snow goose . 
According to one analyst , Bernard Savaiko of PaineWebber , New York , the stock market 's ability on Monday to rally from last Friday 's decline -- which seemed to indicate that the economy was n't going to fall either -- took the starch out of precious metals prices , and out of gold 's , in particular . 
He added , `` We do n't intend to be drawn into it , '' noting that TCI wo n't play any active role in the management of Showtime . 
The satellite , built by Hughes for the International Telecommunications Satellite Organization , is part of a $ 700 million contract awarded to Hughes in 1982 to develop five of the three-ton satellites . 
The mineral concern 's own reorganization plan met a similar fate after opposition from the IRS and Manufacturers Hanover . 
DLJ argues that TW could , if necessary , cut capital spending , since half of what it plans to spend is for `` growth , '' rather than maintenance . 
The union is the bargaining representative for more than 20,000 Michigan state employees . 
Mr. Thompson is believed to have a mandate from the board of directors to help improve the Merc 's tarnished reputation as an exchange whose floor traders do n't follow the rules very well . 
`` I 'm not sure he 's explained everything , '' Mrs. Stinnett says grudgingly . 
Mr. Schneider is cool to Georgia Pacific and Abitibi-Price . 
Lawsuits over the harm caused by DES have flooded federal and state courts in the past decade . 
Fuel costs were up 10 % in the third quarter . 
That level of production did n't take its toll on futures prices for the fourth quarter , when demand is traditionally strong . 
Each year , nearly a million people pay about $ 3 to make the spiral climb up 294 steps to the top of the 800-year-old marble tower . 
Together , the two stocks wreaked havoc among takeover stock traders , and caused a 7.3 % drop in the Dow Jones Transportation Average , second in size only to the stock-market crash of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
Nor is Tokyu the only Japanese retailer interested in Bloomingdale 's , which bankers in Tokyo estimate could cost between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
But sales of North American-made 1990-model cars are running at an annual rate of only six million , down from 7.1 million a year earlier . 
Four years ago , Pittsburgh was designated the most-livable U.S. city by Rand McNally 's Places Rated Almanac , and the honor did wonders to improve Pittsburgh 's soot-stained image . 
Helmsley 's insurance premiums are expected to be transferred to several different insurance brokerage companies . 
$ 350 million of JCP Master Credit Card Trust asset-backed certificates , Series B , with a final stated maturity of Oct. 15 , 2001 , was priced at 99.1875 to yield 9.192 % with a coupon of 8.95 % . 
Black Males 
An inflation gauge that measures the quarterly change in prices of an array of goods and services slowed its growth to a 2.9 % annual rate in the third quarter from 5 % in the second . 
As Robert Coles wrote in a review of Ms. Malcolm 's book , Mr. Masson emerges `` as a grandiose egotist ... and , in the end , a self-destructive fool . 
The study will support arguments against capping carbon-dioxide emissions that Japan will make at a U.N.-backed conference on atmospheric pollution next month . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a three-year contract valued at more than $ 15 million to provide network , credit-card and other telecommunications services to Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Scott E. Hein Texas Tech University Lubbock , Texas Your Investment Dartboard article misses the target . 
`` The pilots are either for us or extremely against us , '' he says with a sigh . 
I 'm sure she 'll appreciate what an efficient reaction to her problems the price system has created . 
So far , it appears cautious about taking the big step . 
The damage will undoubtedly prove to be one of the epic human and economic disasters of the decade in this country . 
Both regions are the fastest-growing areas for Basf , the company said . 
`` Convenience store merchandise has not kept pace with current trends in consumer preferences , '' he said in a speech at the company 's annual shareholders meeting . 
Albany escaped embarrassingly unscathed . 
And they want the U.S. to help them sell overseas . 
The question of segregated schools , in Brown vs. Board of Education , was such an issue . 
Since last week 's junk-bond market debacle , many new issues of high-yield , high-risk corporate bonds have either been scaled back , delayed or dropped . 
`` We believe that there are numerous other candidates more qualified for this important position and we encourage you to give them your thorough consideration before making this key RTC appointment , '' the letter said . 
NASA awarded the contract to CSC in November but an appeal by Sterling Software Inc. of Dallas sent the contract to the General Services Administration Board of Contract Appeals and the board required NASA to re-evaluate bidders ' proposals . 
In 1985 , it was 2.1 % . 
The announcement fueled speculation for future advances in the shares . 
Mr. Eddington regards promoting Hong Kong as an important part of attracting visitors from Japan , South Korea and Taiwan , where the number of people looking to travel abroad has surged . 
Finally , Scenario 4 reduces the budget by 2 % per year for the next five years -- a total reduction of $ 287 billion . 
RJR Nabisco agreed to sell three candy businesses to Nestle for $ 370 million . 
Mr. Jones has also beefed up his marketing staff to sell the 118 luxury suites topping Texas Stadium ( his deal with Bum Bright included operating rights for the stadium ) . 
But the Dow Jones Transportation Average went down for the seventh consecutive session , due largely to further selling in UAL . 
The company also has acquired Sundance Publishers and Distributors Inc. , a family owned producer and distributor of educational materials in Littleton , Mass . 
The service did n't identify its Tokyu sources . 
`` Most people will come on the weekend , the slopes will be overcrowded and then these { new skiers } wo n't come back . 
British Air 's move raised new questions about the buy-out group 's efforts to revive a stalled bid for UAL . 
Citicorp issued $ 200 million of seven-year notes priced to yield 8.82 % , and Xerox priced $ 150 million of six-year notes to yield 8.85 % . 
Having seen the hypocrisy with which Congress has addressed the HUD scandals , we disagree . 
There 's a certain irony in the fact that Federal Express faces its first union problems as a result of its Tiger purchase . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
They then run remotely controlled self-diagnostic programs . 
Advanced Medical paid $ 106 million in cash for its share in a unit of Henley 's Fisher Scientific subsidiary . 
And now he 's busily trying to explain an arrangement in which he sold stock in Inner City Broadcasting Co. , headed by his old friend and patron , Percy Sutton , to his son , David Dinkins Jr. , for $ 58,000 . 
ONEIDA Ltd. declared a 10 % stock dividend , payable Dec. 15 to stock of record Nov. 17 . 
The 400-member Alliance of Floor Brokers said the new product , with the $ 5 million minimum , will benefit only big institutional investors and could lead to `` wild spasms of volatility . '' 
We need at least to consider and examine forms of controlled legalization of drugs . 
A previously available program called Network Computing System , developed by Hewlett-Packard 's Apollo division , for instance , takes a task and splits it up into parts , divvying up those parts to several computers in a network for simultaneous processing . 
The bureau said some 3.5 million fewer people would have fallen below the poverty line in 1988 -- and the poverty rate would have been 10.5 % instead of 13.1 % -- under the alternative calculation . 
The Chicago Board of Trade , the No. 1 U.S. grain market , had long chafed under the attention won by its innovative archrival , the livestock-dealing Mercantile Exchange . 
`` We do not intend to hide these costs from the American people . '' 
The impact of the destruction of this 2.5-mile stretch of highway was tragically measured in lost lives . 
But they expose the holders to a lot of inflation risk and interest-rate risk . 
`` The downsizing of the thrift industry is well under way , '' said Bert Ely , an industry consultant in Alexandria , Va . 
Drexel says it does n't expect any of its state brokerage licenses will be revoked , and even if some are , its securities business would n't be directly hurt . 
The ratio , which reflects the number of bids the Treasury receives for each bid accepted , is used to gauge investor demand . 
In 1986 , some institute patients were reporting breakthrough seizures when they were switched from a specific brand-name medication to a generic one or from one generic manufacturer of a specific product to another . 
In a statement , the company said : `` Both parts can only realize their full potential and be appropriately valued by the market if they are separately quoted companies . 
`` We were just beginning to look at the increase in IPOs , seeing the light at the end of the tunnel , '' says Frank Kline Jr. , partner in Lambda Funds , a Beverly Hills , Calif. , venture capital concern . 
And the fact that there are only 3,000 card-carrying Orange Workers may put them on the loony fringe . 
OPEC Secretary-General Subroto explains : Consumers offer security of markets , while OPEC provides security of supply . 
Wellcome PLC , a major British pharmaceutical maker , sells the drug under the name Retrovir . 
Yet the group 's limited resources makes it a niche player . 
This Toronto closed-end fund cut the annual dividend on its Class A common shares to one Canadian cent from 10 Canadian cents . 
Increasing labor costs , Mr. Tyszkiewicz argued , would only put the countries at a further disadvantage in competing in the barrier-free EC market planned for after 1992 . 
While lawyers arranged individual tie-ups before , the formal network of court reporters should make things easier and cheaper . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
In the Grand Boulevard Plaza developed by Matanky Realty Group in Chicago 's Third Ward , opposite the Robert Taylor Homes , 29 % of the stores to date have been leased to blacks and 14 % to members of other minority groups . 
`` Everyone in the world is watching us very closely . '' 
A family foundation set up by late founder Henry Dunker controls 59 % of Trelleborg 's voting shares outstanding . 
Neither of the two chemists whose Utah experiments triggered the cold fusion uproar , Martin Fleischmann and B. Stanley Pons , were at the meeting . 
Most own two to 10 stocks , and buy or sell no more than three times a year . 
The new offer assumes just five years of 5.5 % rate increases , to be followed by state-approved increases under the usual hearing procedure . 
`` It 's a misconception that physical fitness is something for the young and middle-aged , '' says Michael Pacholik , sales manager of the LA Fitness club , Diamond Bar , Calif . 
This involves trade-offs and { it } cuts against the grain of existing consumer and even provider conceptions of what is ` necessary . ' '' 
A couple in fashionable spandex warm-up suits jogs by , headphones jauntily in place , weaving their way along a street of fractured and fallen houses . 
Altogether , annual Japanese investment in U.S. commercial real estate grew from about $ 1.3 billion in 1985 to about $ 7.1 billion in 1988 . 
`` Although these sorts of bugs are not at all uncommon , the 486 is an extremely high-profile product , '' said Mr. Slater , the newsletter editor . 
Hewlett-Packard affirmed it does n't plan to obtain control of Octel , a Milpitas , Calif. , maker of voice-processing systems . 
To fight back , activists such as Mr. Langton are forming groups to lobby land managers over access issues and undertake education programs to show that the bikes can responsibly share trails . 
The Arabs had merely oil . 
In terms of sheer brutality , the Somali regime of Siad Barre may rank as No. 1 in the world . 
The previous period 's results included a $ 108 million pretax charge related to unrecoverable contract costs and a $ 12.3 million pretax gain on real estate sales . 
But industry and OPEC officials agree that a handful of members still have enough unused capacity to glut the market and cause an oil-price collapse a few months from now if OPEC does n't soon adopt a new quota system to corral its chronic cheaters . 
Philippe Gras , a Renault managing director , said the new line will cover trucks of between 2.5 tons and 4.2 tons and will be built at Renault 's Bapilly plant in France and at DAF 's British plant . 
Nortek has agreed not to acquire any securities of Federal-Mogul for 10 years and not to influence company affairs during that period . 
The state began such work after a 1971 tremblor in Southern California , when numerous bridges collapsed . 
But even if he agrees , Mr. Kemp does n't write the nation 's housing law -- Congress does . 
Japan 's steelmakers are raising capital spending 22 % this year to $ 4.8 billion . 
Even if he is , she adds , he appears to have only limited room for maneuver within the Communist Party 's ruling Politburo . 
Like the Long Island matron in the theater district the other day who swore to a stranger that she once met Liza Minnelli . 
Separately , Mr. Cayne of Bear Stearns said his firm is working with regulators to balance margin requirements to `` enhance stabilization . '' 
`` Shortage '' and `` crisis '' became buzz words , although neither really applied . 
Mr. Evans had been the de facto head of MGM\/UA for months . 
Janice Duclos , in addition to possessing one of the evening 's more impressive vocal instruments , brings an unsuspected comedic touch to her role of Olga , everybody 's favorite mom . 
( After tripling in size in the past five years , index funds now hold about 20 % of the stock owned by pension funds . ) 
`` Nothing can be better than this , '' says Don Sider , owner of the West Palm Beach Tropics . 
The U.S. and Canada joined every European country except Albania at the meeting . 
At issue is an accord dating back to March in which Air France gained access to five domestic French routes under Air Inter 's flight numbers and the domestic airline got to fly to five cities outside of France under the flag of Air France . 
A friend of mine was in an underground computer center in downtown SF when the quake hit . 
`` Things have grown worse since June 4 , '' Mr. Lai says . 
Witnesses have said the grand jury has asked numerous questions about Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton , the senior vice president of Gulf Power who died in the plane crash in April . 
The pollution is also killing forests and destroying buildings that date back to the Middle Ages . 
LUTHER BURBANK CROSS-BRED PLANTS to produce the billion-dollar Idaho potato . 
A spokesman for the company said Campeau has n't seen the suit and declined to comment . 
Although the notification guideline was n't carried out in this month 's coup attempt , some administration officials argue that it may have led to hesitation and uncertainty on the part of U.S. intelligence and military operatives in Panama . 
On Tuesday , for instance , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged 80 points in little more than an hour . 
Anne Burford , the former EPA chief who resigned under fire in 1983 during a flap with Congress , was kayoed in the confrontation , even though she was never charged with official wrondgoing . 
Diversified Investment Group Inc. said it agreed to be acquired by Star States Corp. for stock valued at $ 13.75 a share , or about $ 24.4 million . 
The stock traded late yesterday on London 's stock exchange at 673 pence , up 19 pence . 
At certain points during the Friday the 13th drop , circuit breakers kicked in on the futures market , slowing trading at times . 
They then addressed the decidedly `` questionable safety of ... a complex garden of endless hiding places . 
We hope the next head of the Civil Rights Commission will be as brave as Mr. Allen in making the case for equality of civil rights . 
That does n't scare Digital , which has grown to be the world 's second-largest computer maker by poaching customers of IBM 's mid-range machines . 
Every Bill which shall have passed the House of Representatives and the Senate , shall , before it becomes a Law , be presented to the President of the United States ; If he approve he shall sign it , but if not he shall return it , with his Objections to that House in which it shall have originated , who shall enter the Objections at large on their Journal , and proceed to reconsider it . 
The restaurant operator cited transaction costs from its 1988 recapitalization as a result of a $ 160 million restructuring of its bank debt . 
Warner itself was in negotiations with MGM over certain movie and other rights , and it was `` in Warner 's interest to accommodate MGM\/UA , Guber and Peters by permitting them to become MGM executives , '' Mr. Daly said in his affidavit . 
Indeed , Fujitsu officials admitted they may have been a little overzealous . 
Trek Bicycle Corp. , which accounts for one-quarter of the $ 400 million in annual sales at its Milwaukee-based parent , Intrepid Corp. , entered the mountain-bike business in 1983 . 
Meanwhile , the average yield on six-month CDs of more than $ 90,000 fell to 7.93 % in the latest week , according to Banxquote , from 8.10 % the week before . 
`` Frankly , as I was walking back to get in my car , I heard many , many people ... opening champagne bottles and celebrating individual victories that some of us had accomplished in getting our little deal in the tax bill and winking at this person for slipping this in , '' he said . 
Some things ca n't be repaired . 
National Council on the Handicapped 
A big pension-insurance case will be reviewed by the Supreme Court . 
Unless the laws determining the noteholder 's rights to payment are independent of the issuer of those notes , however , a gold-based ruble would be as unsuccessful for the Soviets as it was for the czars . 
Speculation about a takeover fight has sent Jaguar shares soaring in the past six weeks . 
They include : 
Wells Fargo has sold all of its non-trade loans made to less-developed countries , and managed to partly reverse the sharp rise in domestic non-accrual loans , which fell 8 % from the previous quarter to $ 806.8 million from $ 880.9 million . 
Norfolk Southern Corp. directors authorized the railroad company to buy back as many as 45 million of its shares , which would have a current value of more than $ 1.7 billion . 
Warner , in its court filings , calls it `` a piece of fiction created for this litigation . '' 
Compaq Computer soared 4 5\/8 to 111 1\/8 on 1.8 million shares in response to the company 's announcement of plans to introduce several products next month . 
Dealers noted that the foreign exchange market 's initial bearish reaction to the U.S. trade figures was tempered later by a `` calmer reassessment of the data . '' 
But some money managers are doing just that . 
Automated machines coextrude long plastic sheaths with graphite-plastic cores that are printed , cut , painted and eraser-fitted . 
Compaq , which said it discovered the bugs , still plans to announce new 486 products on Nov. 6 . 
-- `` Community involvement '' is an even worse idea . 
Two major drug companies posted strong third-quarter earnings , in line with profits already reported by industry leaders and analysts ' expectations . 
OPEC has repeatedly raised its self-imposed production ceiling to legitimize some of that unauthorized output . 
Equitec posted a $ 3.3 million net loss in the second quarter on $ 11.8 million of revenue , compared with a net loss of $ 12.9 million in the year-earlier period on revenue of $ 9.1 million . 
Jaguar figures a friendly alliance with GM will fend off unwelcome advances from Ford Motor Co . 
Ciba-Geigy intends to develop the Ciba Corning unit into a `` substantial business , '' making the unit an `` integral part '' of Ciba-Geigy 's `` comprehensive disease management concept . 
The 1986 tax overhaul , the biggest achievement of President Reagan 's second term , is beginning to fall apart , and interest groups are lining up for tax goodies all over Capitol Hill . 
Federal and state thrift examiners said they saw evidence of criminal wrongdoing in the collapse of Lincoln Savings & Loan Association , and a California regulator described an attempted `` whitewash '' by deputies of chief federal regulator Danny Wall . 
Before American foreign policy set out to destroy Noriega , it helped create him out of the crucible of Panama 's long history of conspirators and pirates . 
Scrap merchants are converting smaller quantities of metal into silver , while low prices are discouraging exports from India and the Soviet Union . 
WHEN HUSBANDS take on more housework , they tend to substitute for chores done by the kids rather than by the wife . 
There were no details available on the pricing of the issue , Freddie Mac 's Series 108 . 
What is greatness ? 
But these proposals do not rest on a view of what the Fed 's problem is or , if they do , they rest on an incorrect view . 
Other terms to be fixed Nov. 1 . 
The figures came a day after the government released a report showing that consumer spending propelled U.S. economic expansion in the third quarter while -- on an inflation-adjusted basis -- business investment slowed , government spending declined , and exports were flat . 
I was an eyewitness of the most newsworthy event on the planet at that moment . 
Beverly Hills -- $ 110 million of civic center project certificates of participation , Series 1989 , via a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group . 
But if the opposition remains fractured , the Congress ( I ) could win a small majority , or lead a coalition government . 
The suit alleges that American Brands misrepresented the financial condition of Pinkerton 's before the sale , failed to disclose pending lawsuits and material contracts in which Pinkerton 's was in default , had n't registered the Pinkerton 's name and trademark in the United Kingdom and did n't tell California Plant Protection about some labor controversies . 
Enserch had offered one-half a share of its common and $ 1 in cash for each unit . 
As the principal regulator of the thrift industry , Mr. Wall delayed seizing Lincoln S&L for more than two years after his staff told him that the California thrift was insolvent and that potential losses to taxpayers were growing rapidly . 
NBC has on previous occasions considered replacing cartoons with a Saturday version of `` Today , '' which is produced by NBC News . 
The company is the subject of a federal grand jury investigation into whether its officials and its utility subsidiaries conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
So far Galileo has been delayed twice , once because of a computer malfunction connected with a space-shuttle engine , and yesterday because of the weather . 
It lent money to banks and encouraged them to make funds available to brokerage houses . 
Parents should be involved with their children 's education at home , not in school . 
It flopped all around , real dramatic ! 
I have felt many aftershocks . 
T. Rowe Price Associates Inc. said directors recommended stockholders approve a 2-for-1 stock split and an increase in authorized shares to 25 million from 10 million . 
Courtaulds PLC announced plans to spin off its textiles operations to existing shareholders in a restructuring to boost shareholder value . 
BUSH AND GORBACHEV WILL HOLD two days of informal talks next month . 
Jaguar PLC 's chairman said he hopes to reach a friendly pact with General Motors Corp. within a month that may involve the British luxury-car maker 's producing a cheaper executive model . 
The proposed acquisition will be subject to approval by the Interstate Commerce Commission , Soo Line said . 
According to the filing , Hewlett-Packard acquired 730,070 common shares from Octel as a result of an Aug. 10 , 1988 , stock purchase agreement . 
Candid Comment 
The earthquake caused many streets to buckle and crack , making them impassible . 
`` It 's hard to invest capital here on the same basis as investing in other countries , '' says Dennis A. Sokol , president of Medical Service Partners Inc. , who is putting the medical consortium together . 
Although working for U.S. intelligence , Mr. Noriega was hardly helping the U.S. exclusively . 
`` It becomes a source of cash '' for the company making the LBO because it gets a deduction and does n't have to repay the debt for several years . 
Mr. Miller notes that actor Paul Newman 's family owned a sporting-goods store in Cleveland , that the late actress Margaret Hamilton , who played the bad witch in `` The Wizard Of Oz , '' once ran a nursery school in Cleveland and that comedian Bob Hope 's father , a stonemason , once worked on a church next to Severence Hall , Cleveland 's main concert hall . 
`` There 's a wide feeling of indignation across the country , '' says Bhabani Sen Gupta of the Center for Policy Research , in New Delhi . 
A former Oklahoma governor , he 's a thoughtful defender of presidential powers in foreign policy . 
Some observers thought that after Friday 's sharp drop , the firms would rein in their program traders to avoid stoking more controversy . 
Already , the stolen tickets have been used for flights all over the world . 
By combining his strengths in innovation and quality control with the lower costs of production abroad , he says he has been able to produce high-quality goods at low cost . 
You do n't hear much about unusual concentrations of fraud in Green Bay or Buffalo . 
After that , `` it would make sense for airlines to talk about doing things jointly , '' said Cotton Daly , director of cargo services for New York consulting firm Simat , Helliesen & Eichner Inc . 
There are few mementos of his days as White House deputy chief of staff and confidant of Ronald and Nancy Reagan . 
The merger should also allow the companies to reduce costs by combining operations in many locations in Puerto Rico . 
The bonds are rated double-A-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
The company said the plant will ensure that it has adequate energy for the mill and will reduce the mill 's energy costs . 
Or land in Russia so often . 
He said the rising volume of passenger traffic on this route justifies a major investment in new high-standard Moscow hotels . 
The additional reserves relate to possible write-downs of certain assets held by Franklin and its subsidiaries and the default of a bond in its investment portfolio , the thrift said . 
Banks now are required only to report cash deposits or withdrawals of $ 10,000 or more . 
Sir James said Thursday night that his plans for the takeover had n't changed . 
Marketing and sales departments then urged abandonment of the pico project . 
Traders nervously watching their Quotron electronic-data machines yesterday morning were stunned to see the Dow Jones Industrial Average plummet 99 points in seconds . 
The sun is hot now though it 's only 8 in the morning . 
Paribas said it would publish details of its bid once authorities clear it . 
They were 103 or 206 . 
Co-author Richard Hollinger cites what happened at one family-owned company absorbed by a foreign giant . 
Said Earl Ellis , a Jacobson partner who got involved in the UAL action , `` It all starts all over again '' today . 
`` Foothills wants to make it clear to other pipeline companies that it 's on first insofar as transporting gas from the Arctic to southern markets , '' Mr. Hillary said . 
It has more sugar `` than any apple we 've ever tested , '' says Duane Greene , a University of Massachusetts pomologist , or apple scholar . 
`` They 're really fashion items wrapped up in little jars . '' 
`` MCI has made hawks out of the upper echelon of AT&T , '' said PaineWebber 's Mr. Grubman , who said he expected AT&T to become increasingly aggressive in dealing with its longtime nemesis . 
`` Barry felt very committed . 
Now , the giant marketing company , which holds 25 % of Japan 's 4.4 trillion yen ( $ 30.96 billion ) advertising industry , is considering the acquisition of an advertising network in the U.S. or Europe . 
Also participating in the issue was Servifilm Spain Cinematografica S.A . 
Besides being upset with the film 's use of the Hells Angels name and logos , the Angels are angry with their depiction in the movie . 
At the time , Eagle reached a new credit agreement with Bankers Trust and with Bank Leumi Trust Co. of New York for $ 8 million , and a new subordinated debt accord with First Century Partners and Biny management for $ 2 million . 
Maybe it was their peculiar sense of history . 
The August drop was the fourth decline in five months . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Boeing closed yesterday at $ 54.50 a share , off a scant 12.5 cents . 
Installation of satellite dishes , TVs and videocassette equipment will cost the company about $ 20,000 per school , Mr. Whittle said . 
We 've talked to proponents of index arbitrage and told them to cool it because they 're ruining the market . 
We badly need to follow fact rather than the rhetoric of conventional wisdom . 
The Los Angeles thrift holding company said it had a loss of $ 92.2 million , or $ 6.98 a share , for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
`` I spent so much money that if I look at it , and I 'm not on it , I feel guilty . '' 
In the auto sector , Bayerische Motoren Werke plunged 14.5 marks to 529 marks ( $ 288 ) , Daimler-Benz dropped 10.5 to 700 , and Volkswagen slumped 9 to 435.5 . 
The latest earnings reflect an increase of about 5.5 million in common shares outstanding . 
By advertising disaster relief , these companies are hoping to don a white hat and come out a hero . 
`` The side effects { of cyclosporine } have made the penalty for its success rather high , '' Dr. Starzl said . 
I was in Stinson Beach when the quake rolled through town . 
At the time , Mr. Gonzalez said several senators told him that they `` could get some roadblocks out of the way if there could be some understanding on Garn 's insistence on Wall . '' 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.81 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Qintex Australia has n't yet reported results for the fiscal year ended July 31 . 
Though the bank is n't performing as well as some of its competitors in the lucrative California market , its condition has improved since Mr. Decker took over . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset can only be 15.5 % . 
That 's a break from Compaq tradition , because the company does n't announce products until they 're actually at the dealers . 
He surveys the prospective investors gathered in the board room of the Philippine government 's Asset Privatization Trust for the sale of a 36 % interest in the country 's largest paper mill . 
The nations of southern Africa know a lot about managing elephants ; their herds are thriving . 
He succeeds L.L. White Jr. , 62 , who resigned but continues as a director . 
Estimates suggest October 's figure may be even higher . 
Even if not all these forces are committed to the regime , they are now dependent on it . 
The second ship , which is half-completed , is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 , and the third in fall 1991 . 
TV evangelist Jim Bakker was sentenced to 45 years in prison and fined $ 500,000 for defrauding followers of his PTL ministry . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : Per-share earnings : 30 cents vs. 44 cents \*\* 
The company also pleased analysts by announcing four new store openings planned for fiscal 1990 , ending next August . 
The FTC first issued an administrative complaint in the case in 1985 . 
A splinter group demonstrated in Pushkin Square , where the police clubbed and detained a number of protesters . 
I realized what was happening and screamed into the house for the dogs . 
`` Read my lips , '' said Mr. Smith . 
Large cash positions help buffer funds from market declines but can cut down on gains in rising markets . 
But there are limits . 
Guaranteed by Fuji Bank . 
Odds and Ends 
We are determined to get good prices . '' 
Says M.J. Pherwani , chairman of the Unit Trust of India : The `` markets are headed for growth unheard of and unseen before . '' 
Still , Radio Shack is aware that some of its products are controversial . 
Given enough of these , this will drive everyone out except the most hardy , '' he adds . 
In the latest week , funds open to institutions alone grew by $ 1.8 billion . 
Amateur spy-chaser Clifford Stoll is a real person , or as he might waggishly put it , a surreal person . 
`` We were oversold and today we bounced back . 
And if Congress is going to assume authority to micromanage foreign policy , it 's going to have to take some of the responsibility too . 
But the editorial , by Jan Stjernsward of the World Health Organization , notes that tobacco consumption and lung-cancer mortality rates are rising in developing countries . 
The solutions they formally proposed included lead\/sulfur taxes , conservation and recycling incentives , reforestation offsets , transferable pollution permits , an ecological bank to finance pollution-reduction credits , and debt-for-environment swaps . 
The closely held company has n't disclosed sales . 
`` A normal person did not write the Beethoven ` Violin Concerto , ' '' he declares . 
One thing that makes E-mail difficult to sift through is that each item looks the same . 
In addition , its railroad lost a $ 750 million antitrust suit , which is on appeal , and which analysts say could be settled for one-third that amount . 
`` We must do more to help the Japanese here in Baja if we want them to invest elsewhere , '' says Mr. Ruffo , the governor-elect of the National Action Party and himself a succesful businessman . 
`` The agency has concluded that contamination may be widespread throughout the mushroom-processing industry in China , '' an FDA spokesman said yesterday . 
Coniston Partners , which with related entities controls 80 % of TW , had been planning to sell $ 1.15 billion of junk bonds , among other things to finance their acquisition of the remaining public shares . 
In sum , at both the federal and state government levels at least part of the seemingly irrational behavior voters display in the voting booth may have an exceedingly rational explanation . 
The Soviet entrenchment in Nicaragua is alarming for Costa Rica , a peaceful democracy without an army . 
Guaranteed by Redland PLC . 
First Hospital advised Comprehensive Care that an agent for the financial institutions providing financing of its acquisition is scheduled to make a final credit determination tomorrow , and that a favorable determination could result in a reorganization at Comprehensive Care `` by the end of October . '' 
I would like to issue a challenge to corporate America . 
`` We were n't allowed to do any due diligence because of competitive reasons . 
Some analysts said Inco , which had cash reserves of $ 272 million as of Sept. 30 , could still announce a special dividend in the next few months , though it would be smaller than the $ 10-a-share special dividend it paid last year . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
Then , after extending its offer four times waiting for a congressional tax ruling , IMA early this month lowered its offer to $ 26.50 a share amid turbulence in the junk bond market . 
The Pentagon is a haunted house . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , initial offering of three million shares of its common stock , of which 1,657,736 shares will be sold by the company and 1,342,264 will be sold by holders , via Montgomery Securities and Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
For all of this year 's explosive run-up in stock prices , Renaissance Investment Management Inc. 's computer sat on the sidelines . 
`` People in this business have been insulated , '' says Josh Pons , a horse breeder from Bel Air , Md . 
`` People think of the steel business as an old and mundane smokestack business , '' says Mr. Iverson . 
As the story of `` Mastergate '' unfolds , we learn that the Internal Revenue Service confiscated one of the properties of a foreign financier who owes the government millions in taxes . 
Hoping to avoid another takeover , Mr. Traub retained Blackstone Group and Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. to help him find partners for a management-led buy-out . 
The pound was at 2.8896 marks late Friday , off sharply from 2.9511 in New York trading a week earlier . 
Some traders said the sell-off of technology stocks on low volume reflected a lack of conviction by investors . 
It argues , as does Unice , that labor relations are best left to be regulated at the national level . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. was awarded an $ 11.5 million Navy contract for oceanographic services . 
Indeed , Winnebago said it started `` several promotional programs '' to spur retail sales in the fall and winter . 
Both companies are in the process of negotiating contracts with LTV and others . 
Mr. Dell , meanwhile , concedes the company was `` definitely too optimistic '' in its expectations . 
The market hovered near Friday 's closing price of 328.85 for about a half hour , moving several index points higher or lower in seconds , then broke higher and did n't look back . 
LEBANESE LAWMAKERS APPROVED a peace plan but Aoun rejected it . 
Best of all , they add , these growth issues , unlike their big blue-chip cousins on the New York Stock Exchange , are languishing at depressed prices . 
c - Yields , adjusted for constant maturity . 
Mr. McCall will remain chairman . 
-- Robert Gordon . 
The group had an operating profit of $ 65 million , against a loss of $ 13 million a year earlier . 
Trish Heimers , a spokesperson for RIAA says her organization has n't received a copy of the completed report yet and has no immediate comment . 
The federal funds rate on overnight loans between banks has been hovering around 8 3\/4 % , down from 9 % previously . 
Just the thing for the Vivaldi-at-brunch set , the yuppie audience that has embraced New Age as its very own easy listening . 
I.E.P. Securities Ltd. , a unit of Mr. Brierley 's Hong Kong-based Industrial Equity ( Pacific ) Ltd. , boosted its holdings in Vickers to 38.8 million shares . 
ONEZIE : 
It is silly libel on our teachers to think they would educate our children better if only they got a few thousand dollars a year more . 
The Ministry of Foreign Economic Relations and Trade set up a special bureau last month to monitor the issue of import and export licenses . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
New York is in the process of trying to disengage itself from a 20-year-old commitment to this system of school governance , even as Chicago and other cities are moving to institute it . 
The accounts , which billed about $ 7 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers , were previously handled at Bozell , New York . 
Still , Boeing went through its normal verbal gymnastics and played up the downside . 
Shipbuilding became a point of pride as Finnish shipyards remained profitable long after rivals collapsed all over Europe . 
That is the conclusion of a report released by the New York State Bar Association . 
Within the building-materials group , Georgia-Pacific climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 and Louisiana-Pacific added 1 to 40 3\/4 after Merrill Lynch recommended the forest-products issues . 
But the board 's decision prompted many to bail out of the stock yesterday . 
Meanwhile , the big players have n't tried to copy the NEC standard . 
Medieval philosophers used to hold the sensible belief that it was more perfect to exist than not to exist , and that to exist as a matter of necessity was most perfect of all . 
Biological weapons violations have figured little in political debate , and indeed have not been pressed vigorously enough by the U.S. government . 
On Tuesday , Trelleborg 's directors announced plans to spin off two big divisions -- minerals processing , and building and distribution -- as separately quoted companies on Stockholm 's Stock Exchange . 
The mine is expected to return to production in about a week . 
For the nine months , Xerox earned $ 492 million , or $ 4.55 a share , up 5.8 % from $ 465 million , or $ 4.32 a share . 
But after trading losses in the mid-October market jolts here , many people will be lucky to have jobs at all , executives predict . 
Having a proposal sponsored by Democrats would have given the president an advantage . 
Although the five-year strategy may be excellent , what will be the strategy in 25 years ? 
Two of the last gestures of the Honecker regime were to close the border to Czechoslovakia and install halogen lights in some spots along the frontier . 
The number of computers has mushroomed in recent years , with 10,000 in use , as well as 30,000 miniature models . 
`` With the futures-trading halt , you could only sell stocks '' to cut exposure to the market , says a money manager . 
Wang 's overall product line is `` still not as good as other vendors , but they 've come a long way , '' says Steven Wendler , a consultant with market researcher Gartner Group , Stamford , Conn . 
Arizona Instrument Corp. said it expects to post a third-quarter net loss of about $ 600,000 , or 25 cents to 27 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 214,000 , or 10 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The latest period had profit from continuing operations of $ 4 million . 
Says the chief executive officer of a major Midwest steel company : `` It 's damn worrisome . '' 
Its plan , instead , is to spin off the remainder of its real estate unit and to possibly do the same with its mining and energy assets . 
The new dividend rate is payable Nov. 15 to holders of record Oct. 31 . 
The blue-collar machinists , longtime rivals of the white-collar pilots , say the buyout would load the company with debt and weaken its finances . 
Leverage is never a problem for the traditional `` open end '' mutual funds , which are n't publicly traded and are n't allowed to use leverage at all . 
The boost in rates sent IBM 's bonds tumbling , leaving underwriters with millions of dollars of losses and triggering a sell-off in the overall market . 
While Mr. Rosenthal introduced new undergarment designs , his wife , Ida , concentrated on sales and other financial matters . 
The Editor 
Because of cost overruns on fixed-price military work , Mr. Shrontz said , the company 's defense business will record `` a significant loss '' in 1989 . 
Sen. Bradley has it in his mind that such a tax cut would unravel the tax reform he helped engineer in 1986 . 
He may be waiting to see the results of several pending SEC studies of junk market liquidity and disclosure rules . 
And Industrial Bank of Japan started up a London securities subsidiary that sells Japanese stocks to non-Japanese institutions overseas , a move that stirred the anger of the stock brokerage firms . 
The JSP admitted Oct. 13 that its members received about eight million yen from the pachinko organization , and charged LDP members with receiving 125 million yen ( $ 880,000 ) and other opposition parties with taking about 2.5 million yen . 
Elsewhere in the chemicals sector , Dow Chemical fell 1 1\/4 to 97 1\/2 , Monsanto lost 1 7\/8 to 118 , B.F. Goodrich slipped 2 1\/4 to 44 3\/4 and Olin slid 1 to 57 3\/4 . 
The changes come as Reebok , which grew rapidly in the mid-1980s but has seen its sales flatten of late , is seeking to regain momentum in the athletic-shoe business against rivals Nike Inc. and L.A. Gear Inc . 
`` It 's horrible to say , but it 's unfortunate that earthquake was n't in Phoenix -- it might have knocked out some of our empty buildings , '' said C.W. Jackson , a prominent Arizona businessman with interests in real estate , banking and many other businesses . 
AT&T already has a factory in Matamoros , Mexico , to make electrical devices . 
One newer wrinkle , so called single-premium life ( you pay for the whole policy at once ) , has been immensely popular in recent years for tax reasons ; the insured could extract cash value in the form of policy `` loans , '' and none of the proceeds were taxable even though they included gains on investment . 
Fred D. Thompson , a 47-year-old attorney in private practice in Washington and Nashville , Tenn. , was elected to the board of this engineering and construction company . 
The programs will be written and produced by CNBC , with background and research provided by staff from U.S. News & World Report . 
In a statement , Chairman Frank Shrontz asserted that the company `` faces significant challenges and risks , '' on both its commercial and government contracts . 
Some claim they suffered losses because they sold while he was buying and others because they bought while he was selling . 
It was considered South Africa 's largest opposition rally . 
Lucky for Cap , Ike was easygoing and soon went away , while the shah -- he kept coming back . 
The contact occurred through Mr. Noriega 's half-brother , a Panamanian diplomat based in Peru named Luis Carlos Noriega Hurtado . 
The appeals court held : `` When a distinctive voice of a professional singer is widely known and is deliberately imitated in order to sell a product , the sellers have appropriated what is not theirs . '' 
Manville said it expects the plant to begin operating at the end of 1991 . 
11:59 p.m . 
The high court 's action , refusing to hear appeals by several drug companies , is likely to have a significant impact at several levels . 
Courtaulds ' spinoff reflects pressure on British industry to boost share prices beyond the reach of corporate raiders . 
Contrasts predictably accumulate : First the music is loud , then it becomes soft , then ( you realize ) it becomes louder again . 
Sterling Software Inc. said it lost its bid to supply software services to the National Aeronautics and Space Administration 's Ames Research Center at Moffett Field , Calif . 
`` They check in , but they ca n't check out . '' 
USED-CAR BUYERS who try to avoid sales tax by understating prices paid in private deals are the targets of a New York drive . 
Because of his remarkable success turning around P&G 's international operations , analysts have high hopes for his tenure . 
In 1985 , China had a record deficit of $ 11.4 billion . 
`` The magazine is strong . 
Convex Computer Corp. , continuing its rapid growth while other computer companies falter , reported an 87 % increase in third-quarter net income from a year earlier and a 50 % increase in revenue . 
Milton Roy disclosed in May that it was approached for a possible acquisition by Thermo Electron , which agreed to purchase Milton Roy 's liquid-chromatography line for $ 22 million in February . 
Nothing seems hard here . 
More recently , Sotheby 's has predicted the collection will fetch $ 140 million . 
As the market dropped Friday , Robertson Stephens slashed the value of the offering by 7 % . 
Takeover activity will slow down as more and more banks tighten their lending requirements , he says . 
Yet the Soviet leader 's readiness to embark on foreign visits and steady accumulation of personal power , particularly since the last Politburo reshuffle on Sept. 30 , do not suggest that Mr. Gorbachev is on the verge of being toppled ; nor does he look likely to reverse the powers of perestroika . 
To get the Khmer Rouge as part of a process for elections . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 575 million of electric and gas system revenue refunding bonds , Series 1989 , 1989A and 1989B , tentatively priced by a First Boston Corp. group to yield from 6.15 % in 1991 to 7.30 % in 2009 . 
Beyond the current weakness in the junk bond market , banks have another advantage over investment banks in financing contested takeovers . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. and Montgomery Securities Inc. are co-managing the offering . 
Yesterday , the number grew to 40 ; today the number is expected to grow to 100 . 
Schering-Plough Corp. , based in Madison , N.J. , reported a 21 % rise in earnings as American Home Products Corp. of New York posted an 11 % increase in net . 
So far , money managers and other bond buyers have n't shown much interest in the Refcorp bonds . 
Red tape is the bugaboo of small business . 
Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. analyst George E. Thompson downplayed the importance of the announcement , and called any comparison between the coming beer-industry tiff and the seemingly unending `` cola wars , '' unwarranted . 
The estimated improvement in Colgate 's U.S. operations took some analysts by surprise . 
People often cite frugality and distrust of banks to justify cash caches to the IRS . 
MAITRE'D CLAIMS in suit that restaurant fired her because she was pregnant . 
About 35 % of the workers covered by contracts signed in the first nine months of year get lump-sum payments ; about 15 % are covered by cost-of-living clauses . 
In San Francisco , they argue , an earthquake was a near certainty . 
`` We are expecting a recession , '' says Donald Franklin , chief economist at Schroders investment bank . 
As thanks , the egg industry tried to break him . 
Investor focus shifted quickly , traders said . 
1:11 a.m. 
`` Once we see an order , we expect it 'll be on line by 2000 . 
Sen. Specter was vice chairman of the impeachment trial committee that heard evidence in the Hastings case last summer . 
Mr. Gorbachev has ruled out the use of the market to solve the problem of insufficient consumer goods . 
Blunt Ellis , a Milwaukee brokerage firm , says part of the reason catalog sales grow in popularity is because consumers have more money but less time to spend it . 
Chinese and foreign economists now predict prolonged stagflation : low growth and high inflation . 
`` But we do make exceptions , '' says a smiling Baron Elie de Rothschild , `` especially if they are very young and have very rich parents . 
And in the second game , with Mr. Kasparov advancing ferociously as white , D.T. offered feeble resistance and lost even faster . 
After the legislature confirmed him as the Communist Party leader , Krenz said demonstrations to demand democratic freedoms could cause a `` worsening of the situation , or confrontation . '' 
They would also identify the best way to add programs , should the budget come in at higher levels . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from May 8 , 1991 , through Oct. 8 , 1994 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 75 % to 85 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 18 . 
Marsam Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1,300,000 common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham . 
Elsewhere , Valley National continued its slide , dropping 2 1\/8 to 15 on 1.7 million shares . 
But that may not be possible , because recessions often take investors by surprise . 
Thrifts continued to shed assets in August , mainly to comply with stiffer capital rules under the S&L bailout law . 
We suspect voters are fed up with the finagling . 
A bitter conflict with global implications has erupted between Nomura Securities Co. and Industrial Bank of Japan , two of the world 's most powerful financial companies . 
The downgrade anticipates completion of the IMA Holdings acquisition today , Moody 's said . 
`` Our market got hit a lot harder on Monday than the listed market , '' Mr. Bruno said . 
Other new board members include John S. Harrison and Mark A. Adley of First Boston , James F. Lyons , William S. Goldberg and Harold S. Handelsman . 
For the past two years , he said , he and the exchange 's research department have been working on the new natural gas contract , seeking a good delivery site and studying the natural gas market . 
But Texas Air , the owner of Continental and Eastern airlines , bucked the group 's decline by rising 7\/8 to 14 5\/8 in American Stock Exchange trading . 
A panel system like that in the Bob Stone example enjoys such advantages as high credibility and , for the panelists , mutual support . 
`` The dollar has n't reacted much to it , so gold has n't either , '' he said . 
On Oct. 21 , it did a rendition of the kidnapping and imprisonment of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson , who was abducted in March 1985 and is believed to be held in Lebanon . 
Banco Exterior was created in 1929 to provide subsidized credits for Spanish exports . 
Stocks also rose in London , while the Frankfurt market was mixed . 
He adds that gold stocks had been down so long they were `` ready for a bounce . '' 
Japan-U.S. trade relations are bumpy these days , and some Japanese favor decreasing their reliance on U.S. technology in light of the FSX fighter-plane flap , when U.S. officials reversed an earlier decision and refused to share certain crucial fighter-plane technology . 
`` What is the way forward ? 
During the Monday market rebound , a New York exchange spokesman told Cable News Network viewers that the industrial average had turned down 70 points . 
The poll points up some inconsistencies between what people say and what they do . 
Pfizer 
For every brand like Renault or Fiat that has been squeezed out , others such as Isuzu , Daihatsu and Mitsubishi have come in . 
Now he is writing a book , serving on an elite foreign policy advisory board and consulting for an array of corporate clients , including British publishing mogul Robert Maxwell . 
Only the bravest spirits survive such roller coasters . 
Both the MNC and Beneficial offering were underwritten by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , the leading Wall Street firm in the home-equity securities market , which was created early this year . 
Qintex Entertainment was depending on Qintex Australia to arrange financing . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills rose slightly from the average rate at Monday 's auction to 7.79 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 8.04 % . 
It 's easy to get something comparable by simply moving to a higher altitude in the U.S. . 
Over a cup of coffee , Mr. Stone told his story . 
Mike Greece Former Air Force Career Officer New York 
The spirits business `` would require substantial additional investment to enable it to compete effectively in the first division of global players . '' 
During the latter part of the 19th century , Russia was on a gold standard and had gold reserves representing more than 100 % of its outstanding currency , but no one outside Russia used rubles . 
Hence the LBO craze . 
Net Income : $ 66.9 million ; $ 1.36 a share \*\* 
But it may have a good listener in Washington . 
Mr. Paul has a plan to bring in $ 150 million by selling off 63 of CenTrust 's 71 branches , but it has yet to be approved by regulators . 
`` We like to follow up and make sure operators are achieving our standards of company service , '' says Ms. Dale , who supervises 350 operators . 
Ed Voyles Olds recently established a special section in the service department for owners whose cars are less than a year old , so they get quicker service . 
Markets -- 
`` We continue to develop products faster than anyone else can . '' 
American journalist William L. Shirer , in his book `` The Rise and Fall of the Third Reich , '' wrote of how in Vienna he had witnessed `` squads of { Nazi } SS men carting off silver , tapestries , paintings and other loot from the Rothschild palace . '' 
The buy-out group is headed by Paul R. Lederer , president of Parker 's automotive group , and includes several other executives of the three divisions . 
Based on the number of Mesa shares outstanding not already owned by StatesWest , the proposed takeover would have a value of about $ 15.3 million . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Milton Roy shares leaped $ 2 , to $ 18.375 each , while Crane sank $ 1.125 , to $ 21.125 a share . 
Even in the short run , the investment boom could exacerbate a disturbing trend : Japanese exports are showing surprisingly little tendency to ease . 
Until 1980 , when Japan joined the $ 10,000 per capita GNP club of the advanced countries , it was a model developing nation . 
But he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid , saying he must first explore bank financing . 
`` I 'm not sure they 're going to make it work , '' says Mr. Anderson . 
Mr. Lesko himself is n't yet prepared to accept that explanation . 
Meanwhile , finding a volunteer to write the computer program is n't a problem . 
The economy 's stutter steps leave investors wondering whether things are slowing down or speeding up . 
Richard Breeden , the new chairman of the SEC , has n't taken a formal position on the bill , which would also require investors to disclose large trades and give the SEC additional authority during market emergencies . 
Norfolk Southern 's board approved a buy-back of up to 45 million shares , valued at over $ 1.7 billion . 
The two sides now are accusing each other of lying . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Nov. 24 , 1989 , through Oct. 29 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
Scores of other credit programs , subsidizing agriculture , small business , exporters , defense , energy , transportation and others , are less visible but in no better shape . 
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 6.5 billion from $ 5.23 billion . 
AGIP , the state-owned energy giant , made the announcement about the gas field last month . 
Every morning , tractor-trailer trucks arrive at the Natick Ground Station from Boston 's Logan Airport , carrying the day 's package load . 
While the vast bulk of it was indeed spent by reputable organizations on the good works it was raised for , it 's equally true that a sizable hunk was consumed in `` expenses '' claimed by other operators , including fraudulent expenses . 
Rochester will exchange shares of its common stock for all shares outstanding of Viroqua Telephone , a family-owned company . 
The trade deficit in the first eight months is already wider than the trade gap of $ 1.09 billion for all of 1988 . 
Some industry groups consistently weather the storm better than others . 
Investors can get slightly higher yields on deposits below $ 50,000 than they can on deposits of $ 90,000 and up . 
Robert H. Carlson , previous president and chief executive of Universal-Rundle , will assume the title of chairman of the unit , a vitreous-china maker . 
As a result of last year 's decline , the government 's estimate for the number of people living below the poverty line declined by about 500,000 . 
\*\* With dividends reinvested 
But if the price of the stock rises above the strike price of the option , the stock is almost certain to be called away . 
The Venice city council is battling plans to tap huge gas fields off the coast that it says will speed up the city 's slow sinking into its lagoon . 
Rival gangs have turned cities into combat zones . 
When Mr. Trump sued Bally , he sued only on behalf of himself . 
`` Margins will remain under pressure , and when the new mainframe does ship , I 'm not sure it will be a big winner . 
`` Then they said , ` By the way , two of the doors are locked . ' '' 
`` You do n't want to lose the magic '' of the company 's creative drive . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises , which is 49%-owned by Coca-Cola Co. , also said it repurchased about 1.2 million of its common shares during the third quarter . 
But investors better not ignore its limitations , either . 
Anheuser-Busch announced its plan at the same time it reported third-quarter net income rose a lower-than-anticipated 5.2 % to $ 238.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 226.5 million , or 78 cents . 
Mr. Antar is being investigated by a federal grand jury in Newark , where prosecutors have told him that they may soon seek an indictment on racketeering and securities fraud charges . 
The Berlin Wall still stands . 
The disclosures state that commissions were paid by Bofors to an Indian agent of the arms company . 
KnowledgeWare Inc. , an Atlanta computer-software concern , says it is still planning to go ahead with its IPO this week or next -- unless conditions change . 
Faced with another Mr. Honecker , so many despairing East Germans are likely to flee that the two German peoples will get their reunification , de facto , on West German ground . 
`` I have no reason to think things will get worse , but this market has a knack for surprising us . 
Chrysler Corp. Chairman Lee A. Iacocca said the nation 's No. 3 auto maker will need to close one or two of its assembly plants because of the slowdown hitting the industry . 
Lawrence Perlman , Control Data 's president and chief operating officer , said the maintenance business no longer fits into the company 's `` strategy to be a data solutions company . '' 
In this atmosphere , there would be no serious consideration of tax increases . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Webster shares fell 25 cents to $ 12.375 . 
The only other endorsement permitted by the contract involves a series of Time-Life home improvement and repair books . 
ATARI CORP. , Sunnyvale , maker of personal computers and software , annual sales of $ 700 million , Amex , had minor damage and expects to be fully operational by tomorrow . 
`` Because there is a lot more volatility now , if guys see that they can make a quick 10 % or 15 % profit , they 'll take it . '' 
`` And the input I 've had from customers is that it still could be a while . '' 
The oil magnate , who spent his later years passing out dimes to counter his penny-pinching image , `` is n't terribly amusing , '' says Barry Olson , creative director at Innis-Maggiore-Olson , Canton , Ohio , which is producing the ads . 
After several years of booming business with China , foreign traders are bracing for the biggest slump in a decade . 
On Oct. 14 of that year , the announcement of an unusually large August trade deficit helped trigger a steep market decline . 
Over time , through benchmark surveys , the corrected data on service exports and imports have been gathered . 
The council unanimously opposed the idea of AGIP pumping out the methane gas and swiftly appealed to the company and to Prime Minister Giulio Andreotti , who has yet to reply . 
One analyst , who asked not to be identified , said he believes that the UAL pilots and management can put together a bid `` in the $ 225 area , '' but that it could take three to four months to close . 
The 61-year-old Mr. Guzman Cabrera takes such criticisms in stride . 
Revenue in the telecommunications products and services unit rose 27 % to $ 728.8 million , but operating profit was unchanged at $ 26.3 million , partly because of start-up expenses . 
The announcements also should help IBM go on the offensive against Digital Equipment Corp. on the plant floor . 
Who cares ? 
Last season , lift-ticket sales fell for the first time in seven years . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.43 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note held at 1.42 percentage points . 
Then the state put in a reservoir to supply the area with drinking water . 
The White House is purposely not calling the meeting a summit so that there wo n't be any expectation of detailed negotiations or agreements . 
`` There is talk of some revamping and we 're certainly heading in the direction of less and less animation , '' said Joseph S. Cicero , vice president of finance and administration for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co . 
Farmers in loose turbans and fancy earrings spend their afternoons laughing and gossiping at the markets . 
Quotron is n't profitable on Citicorp 's books because of the interest charges the New York bank holding company incurred in buying the financial-data concern for $ 680 million , says Ronald I. Mandle , analyst for Sanford C. Bernstein & Co . 
`` The { stones } that were irradiated in the U.S. are safe , '' says John Hickey , chief of the NRC operations branch , Washington . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Eaton closed at $ 57.50 a share , down $ 2.50 . 
Still , it was in Argentine editions that his countrymen first read his story of Pascal Duarte , a field worker who stabbed his mother to death and has no regrets as he awaits his end in a prison cell : `` Fate directs some men down the flower-bordered path , and others down the road bordered with thistles and prickly pears . 
But it 's rare to see both functions in one case . 
Prices also rose on almost every other major exchange in Europe , Asia and the Pacific . 
Mr. Stoll draws his title from the cuckoo 's habit of laying eggs in the nests of other birds , making them surrogate parents . 
Intense competition , however , led to unit sales declines for a group of Merck 's established human and animal-health products , including Aldomet and Indocin . 
7:13 a.m . 
The best course for individual investors is to sell these stocks now , the two advisers say . 
In addition to his previous real-estate investment and asset-management duties , Mr. Meador takes responsibility for development and property management . 
The broadcasters were , after all , documenting the game , ratifying its occurrence for millions outside the Stick . 
A little more care in re-creating Marlowe 's universe would have made the book that much more enjoyable . 
( Mr. Dingell , by the way , has decreed another NIH investigation of the Baltimore paper , adding to several previous investigations . 
`` The effect of the Supreme Court Webster opinion is that it left room for grass to grow in the cracks of Roe vs. Wade , and I think this is one of the cracks , '' said Mark Belz , a St. Louis lawyer who represented Ms. O'Brien and the other St. Louis protesters . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-banking firm , in its annual tally of investment returns , reported that old masters appreciated 51 % in the year ended June 1 , the greatest return of any of 13 assets it tracked . 
Final approval came on a simple voice vote in the Senate , and the swift passage contrasted with months of negotiations over the underlying bill which is laced with special-interest provisions for both members and the executive branch . 
Mr. Thompson says his exchange is n't waiting for the results of the Chicago exchanges ' cooperation . 
Several cotton analysts said that the move appeared to be mostly technical . 
The effects on the market of the mostly computer-driven sell-off among exchange-listed stocks irked many market makers , who watched the Nasdaq Composite Index tumble in sympathy with the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and then saw it get left behind in the subsequent rally . 
The new institution is also called Century Bank , and the failed bank 's five offices will reopen today . 
In recent months , they say , there has been heavy selling of junk bonds by some of the market 's traditional investors , while new buyers have n't materialized to replace them . 
To gain more leverage , abortion-rights advocates may seek to fold the bill into an omnibus continuing resolution next month . 
He said he 's upset that Mr. Phelan , trying to calm investors after the plunge , said that investors would simply have to get used to the market 's big price swings . 
Mr. Kaiser said traders could have picked up signals of an imminent price decline had they been watching the scrap metal markets , which became noticeably weaker two to three weeks ago . 
Desperately hoping to spark sales , Nissan transferred 5,000 middle managers and plant workers to dealerships . 
Pitney Bowes said the decision was based on a long-term analysis of the compatibility of Wheeler Group 's marketing business with other Pitney Bowes operations . 
While Southern Co. has been reluctant to discuss the grand jury investigations , Edward L. Addison , chief executive officer , has said the company is prepared to defend its tax and acccounting practices if any charges are brought against it . 
Bell Atlantic posted a strong earnings gain for the third quarter , as did Southern New England Telecommunications . 
Mr. Bauman , a conservative , says he was deserted by the right wing . 
-- Junior football player . 
Two seats on the Big Board were sold yesterday for $ 455,000 , and then $ 500,000 . 
And much better at that than at { the price-cutting } he 's been doing recently . '' 
However , that figure could be revised , Financial Corp. said . 
Local farmers say it is as good a cash crop as mustard or fenugreek , a legume . 
Mesa President Larry Risley said his board had received Stateswest 's most recent offer and was reviewing it . 
Cap added four more divisions to the Army , two active and two reserve ; two carrier groups to the Navy ; a division -- equivalent to the Marines ; and the C-5B , KC-10 , C-17 and a thousand tactical aircraft to the Air Force . 
For instance , franchisers no longer must pre-register sales to aspiring franchisees who qualify as `` sophisticated purchasers . '' 
They also give those in Congress political credit for bringing home the pork , and so they are popular with such Members as Mary Rose Oakar . 
But the board said it was n't interested for now . 
Call from Nov. 24 , 1994 , at 101 1\/2 , declining 1\/4 point a year . 
But other figures are surprising . 
The charges in the 12-count indictment , which stem from events that allegedly occurred in late 1984 and early 1985 , involve enrollment procedures of six students and the preparation of certain reports , Wilfred said . 
It 's followed by Stroh Brewery Co. , which has agreed to sell its assets to Coors . 
Confusion over the near-term trend for rates dominated the municipal arena , as gyrations in the stock market continued to buffet bonds . 
In Washington , the Bush administration took a characteristically cautious and skeptical view of the leadership change . 
In 1988 New Era sought a permanent injunction to restrain Henry Holt & Co. from publishing `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' on the ground that Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard infringed the copyrights . 
9.78 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The bank employs 8,000 people in Spain and 2,000 abroad . 
Compaq Computer gained 2 1\/8 to 103 3\/4 on two million shares , reflecting market optimism about the prospects for its newly introduced notebook-sized computer . 
The bonds are tentatively priced to yield from 6.90 % in 1996 to 7.55 % in 2023 . 
The government spent most of last year attempting to carry out such a plan but was thwarted when the parent Waertsilae concern pulled out at the last minute . 
Krenz , however , vowed to preserve the Communist Party 's hold on political power and said East Germans should n't destabilize the nation with unrealistic demands . 
`` There are going to be very clear winners and very clear losers , '' says Cynthia Turk , a Touche Ross & Co. retail consultant . 
Cathay is working to promote Hong Kong as a destination worth visiting on its own merits , rather than just a stopover . 
`` It 's a seller 's market , '' said Mr. Snedeker of the reinsurance market right now . 
It was considered a victory for Democratic leaders , who favor a law barring flag burning . 
That 's because municipal-bond interest is exempt from federal income tax -- and from state and local taxes too , for in-state investors . 
Dow Jones publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
In January 1988 , the utility filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code , allowing it to continue to operate while protected from creditors ' lawsuits . 
Fleet 's net was $ 96.4 million , or 86 cents a primary share , compared with $ 85.8 million , or 79 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The few big state farms take first crack at what does get made . 
`` I do n't see this as a debt reduction exercise . 
If the Supreme Court holds in Medtronic 's favor , the decision will have billion-dollar consequences for the manufacturers of medical devices , color and food additives and all other non-drug products that required Food & Drug Administration approval . 
Frank Gallagher , an analyst with Phoenix Capital Corp. in New York , estimates that the arbs paid an average of about $ 280 a share for their UAL positions . 
Once the plan is approved , Tan Sri Basir said , most of Bank Bumiputra 's nonperforming loans will have been fully provided for and the bank will be on track to report a pretax profit of between M$ 160 million and M$ 170 million for the fiscal year ending March 31 . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But Legent , a systems software stock , was down 1\/2 to 29 3\/4 on 39,300 shares . 
For example , Nissho Iwai Corp. , one of the biggest Japanese trading houses , now buys almost twice as many goods from China as it sells to that country . 
`` Athens with Spartan means , '' Mr. McDonough says . 
Chemical profits fell to $ 78 million from $ 98 million . 
The Northeast and West regions were unchanged . 
The businesses subscribing to Mr. Laband 's effective price system will be remembered when normalcy returns . 
`` The networks are paying too much for rights , '' warns adman Paul Isacsson of Young & Rubicam . 
Chicago Title & Trust acquired Safeco in 1987 and changed the unit 's name to Security Union Title Insurance Co . 
The bursts often occur , they said , after they `` perturbed '' the experiments by raising or lowering the amount of electric current being applied , or switching the current off and on . 
Rep. Dingell even managed to enlist the services of the Secret Service in his investigation of the Baltimore paper . 
He said the toy company 's `` prospects for a strong fourth quarter '' are also good . 
But advancing issues topped decliners by 784 to 700 on the Big Board despite the late sell programs , resulting from stock-index arbitrage . 
Mr. Greenberg himself was paid $ 4.5 million , before an estimated $ 1.5 million in dividends , up from $ 2.4 million the year before . 
Mrs. Thatcher `` does n't like taking orders from foreigners , '' says Tim Congdon , economist with Gerrard & National Holding PLC . 
`` They want a lobster trap -- once you get in , you ca n't get out , '' he said . 
Mr. Trump never obtained financing for his bid . 
Indeed , in early October the West German central bank raised its discount and Lombard rates by a full percentage point . 
Moscow and Kabul must have found that information useful . 
Besides holding the promise of safer spinal surgery , the probe could improve the diagnosis of brain and nerve disorders such as strokes and multiple sclerosis . 
He says 27 lawyers have left and 21 have been hired since Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan . 
SCI TV 's buy-out was an ace in the hole for Mr. Kravis and for investors in KKR partnerships . 
The portfolio currently includes $ 95 million in receivables , GE Capital said . 
Ford officials in the U.S. declined to comment on the British government 's action or on any plans to call a special Jaguar shareholders meeting . 
He explains that he was `` merely storing the paintings at home -- with some display -- because of the special dehumidified environment '' required for their safekeeping , until CenTrust 's new building was ready for them . 
Santa Fe aims to drill about 30 wells in this area in 1989 and double that next year . 
But the firm has never had a day like yesterday . 
Ekco Group Inc. , Nashua , N.H. , expects to report that net income in the third quarter , ended Oct. 1 , fell 50 % to 60 % from $ 2.1 million , or 11 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But the New Jersey U.S. attorney averaged 16 . 
Analysts say additional investors transferred their assets into money funds this month . 
On the other hand , Mr. Evans expects the hurricane and the earthquake `` to take a hunk out of fourth-quarter GNP . '' 
One key for salespeople is to boost their own morale . 
Mr. Marous said Westinghouse would own 70 % of the facility . 
The bonds will be issued for a term of 34 years at an interest rate of 8 % . 
Stocks rose in London , but fell again in Frankfurt . 
Per capita income rose 1.7 % to $ 13,120 , but median family income fell 0.2 % . 
K mart developed the centers , which range in size from about 150,000 square feet to just over 250,000 square feet . 
Alaskan and Coast Guard officials say Exxon 's charges are n't relevant because tests conducted during the first two days following the spill showed that the dispersant was n't working anyway . 
One factor helping sales and earnings was a 3 % price rise for most P&G products , except coffee , analysts said . 
Now they know who you mean and you know who you mean . 
`` If there 's any way you can do it , you ought to go to Idaho and go fishing for a while . '' 
Tons of delectably rotting potatoes , barley and wheat will fill damp barns across the land as thousands of farmers turn the state 's buyers away . 
Commonwealth leaders turned to issues ranging from drugs to the world economy after Zimbabwe 's President Mugabe called Thatcher 's views on South Africa `` despicable . '' 
The life-insurance holding company said the sale would result in an after-tax gain of about $ 32 million , or $ 3.09 a share , in the first quarter of 
Significantly lower sales of ` Stay Trim ' diet aids also were a factor in the drop . 
And those who remain , he says `` will demand a higher return and over time raise the cost of capital to companies . '' 
`` This raises questions whether futures and equity margin requirements are consistent at these levels and whether futures margins are adequate , '' Mr. Brady said . 
That sounds like a formula for ensuring that he gets dragged into the next HUD tar pit . 
If mutation and natural selection slowly but surely give rise to more and more advanced forms of life , then it was only a matter of eons before splendid beings endowed with reason , self-awareness and taste shimmered onto the scene . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 981.7 million from $ 934.7 million . 
As conferees noted , scarce capital means the costs of control must be minimized through a broad menu of compliance choices for individual firms . 
The quivers move through my house every few minutes at unpredictable intervals , and the mouse that 's been living in my kitchen has taken refuge under my desk . 
Most zero-coupon CDs are in maturities of six to nine years , and they usually double in value by maturity . 
Another factor was that customers were asking , `` Why do n't you give us a cheaper system ? '' Mr. Jobs said at a conference on university computing here . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing Feb. 1 , 1990 , and May 3 , 1990 , respectively . 
Just this week Mobil Corp. disclosed new cutbacks in its domestic exploration and production operations . 
Domestic machine tool plants received $ 303 million of orders last month , up 33 % from August 's $ 227.1 million , but still below the $ 328.2 million of September 1988 , NMTBA said . 
For one thing , it 's unlikely that many people would receive federal death sentences , let alone be executed . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million in each maturity next Tuesday . 
Except for the gas tank at Hustead 's Towing Service exploding and burning in downtown Berkeley , things here are quite peaceful . 
Mr. Gorbachev has for months been publicly urging the U.S. to drop its restrictions on Soviet trade . 
The magnitude of the exchange 's problems may not become known for some time because of Lloyd 's practice of leaving the books open for three years to allow for the settlement of claims . 
Since local benefit-seeking matters more and national policy making matters less in the lower chamber of Congress , this is precisely the pattern one would expect if Republicans are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than their Democratic counterparts . 
At the opposite end of the market , Nissan launches its luxury Infiniti division on Nov. 8 -- three years after Honda pioneered Japanese luxury cars and two months after Toyota 's Lexus went on sale . 
One way to make the ruble into a major international currency would be to leave reserves of gold and earning assets in a Swiss bank with distributions based on Swiss laws . 
Toyota 's upscale Lexus division , a sponsor of the World Series , also put in a plug for Red Cross donations in a World Series game it sponsored . 
The leading contender for the mayoral office , Democrat David Dinkins , has been criticized recently for the way he handled his personal financial affairs . 
The deregulation of railroads and trucking companies that began in 1980 enabled shippers to bargain for transportation . 
The proposal split the industry in two , along the lines of national origin : North Koreans oppose the plan while South Koreans , Japanese and Taiwanese accept it or are neutral . 
Japan 's marathon economy , growing at 4.3 % this year , is now in its 35th month of expansion , and some economists are betting that the boom will outlast the record 57-month expansion in the late 1960s . 
She also notes that even if the pilots accept a minority stake now , they still could come back at a later time and try to take control . 
Woolworth said it expects to expand usage of the MCI services as it adds about 6,000 business locations over the next few years . 
The sixth and last report now is out , and it puts the effort in perspective . 
Now , in the '90s , we 're headed toward a total resort environment . '' 
Ohio Casualty dropped 2 1\/8 to 49 1\/2 . 
The Nasdaq 100 rose 7.08 to 445.23 . 
For his part , Mr. Bush has been criticized regularly at home for moving too slowly and cautiously in reacting to Mr. Gorbachev 's reforms and the historic moves away from communism in Eastern Europe . 
Republicans are squinting most painfully , at least at first , which is only fair because they 've been shielded the most . 
But in an interview in which he called the stock market 's volatility a `` national problem , '' Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. said , `` We are going to try to do some things in the short intermediate term '' to help the situation . 
Foreign publications have responded with articles declaring her Vietnam 's richest woman . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the cars are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34.2 % early this month . 
Mr. Mason left the campaign after telling reporters Mr. Dinkins is `` a fancy'shvartzer ' with a moustache . '' 
Stock prices , meanwhile , are about 140 points lower than the peak of 2791.41 reached on the Dow industrial average Oct. 9 . 
Philip Morris Cos. is launching a massive corporate advertising campaign that will put the tobacco giant 's name in TV commercials for the first time since the early 1950s , when it stopped advertising its namesake cigarette brand on television . 
George L. Manzanec , 53 years old , senior vice president of Texas Eastern Corp. , was elected a group vice president of this natural-gas-pipeline concern . 
`` There 's nothing preventing BellSouth from buying up shares in the meanwhile . '' 
Still , Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the lead sponsor of the Republican capital-gains amendment , predicted that the tax cut would be enacted this year . 
Wells Rich first popularized the Benson & Hedges brand more than 20 years ago with ads portraying , among other things , an elevator door closing on a passenger 's cigarette . 
Mr. Icahn has long believed , associates say , that the company , whose 1988 sales totaled $ 16.88 billion , is worth $ 70 a share if broken up . 
The key steps advocated include : -- PROPERTY . 
Sales fell to $ 981.2 million from $ 1.02 billion . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
BAKER FALTERS in the Mideast amid Israeli paralysis and Palestinian politics . 
`` M&A is getting all the headlines right now , but these other things have been building up more gradually , '' she says . 
It told prosecutors not to seek forfeitures if there are `` less intrusive '' alternatives , such as bonds , and in any case not to seek forfeitures `` disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
`` In my opinion , you would only pay that kind of price if you were getting a premier player in the industry . '' 
But what about the debt burden ? 
The deal would require approval by a majority of Jaguar shareholders . 
The Big Board also has a terrible communication problem with individual investors , '' he added . 
The total borrowing will be about $ 208 million , the company said . 
`` Is the government not helping anybody ? '' asks Toni Murray , an assistant to Mr. Lesko . 
And only a handful of small U.S. companies are engaged in high-definition software development . 
Mutual fund groups have n't lost control of much of the outgoing money , says Louis Harvey , Dalbar 's president . 
Some of the most vivid bulletins came over The Well , a Sausalito , Calif. , board that is one of the liveliest outposts of the electronic underground . 
Like most analysts , Mr. Dennis was hesitant to read too much into one month 's numbers ; but he said , `` It indicates perhaps that the balance in the U.S. economy is not as good as we 've been led to believe . '' 
Can Sihanouk and Hun Sen knock off the Khmer Rouge still supported by China ? 
On June 30 , a major part of our trade deficit went poof ! 
Libya accepted Iran 's proposal only so long as it was promised production parity with Kuwait . 
John Peterpaul , Machinists union general vice president , attacked Mr. Wolf as `` greedy and irresponsible '' for pursuing the buy-out . 
Pamela Sutherland , executive director of the Illinois Planned Parenthood Council , says she and her allies are `` cautiously optimistic '' they can defeat it if it comes to a floor vote . 
During the past administration the foodstuffs were first bought by the institute , then sold at low prices to `` unscrupulous businessmen '' who resold them to the institute at inflated prices , the statement said . 
The institute did n't estimate annual price growth in September , but a 0.2 % rise by the consumer price index would put growth at either 178.8 or 178.9 , up 3.3 % or 3.4 % from the year-earlier level of 173.1 . 
Goodson , which is based here , will use part of the proceeds to pay down debt associated with its purchase of the Morristown Daily Record for $ 155 million in 1987 . 
Small business is bracing for an avalanche of similar proposals next year . 
The loss in the fourth quarter of 1988 reflected in part expenses for an unsuccessful bid for Federated Department Stores Inc. , as well as the restructuring of some of its department store operations . 
But he emphasizes that Cathay has n't any interest in swapping equity stakes with the U.S. carrier or with Lufthansa , the West German airline with which it has cooperated for about a decade . 
The sole limited partner of the partnership is Westwood Brick Lime Inc. , an indirect subsidiary of Westwood Group Inc . 
Buying interest in Du Pont , which declared a stock split and a dividend boost , and certain other blue-chip issues gave the industrial average a better performance than broader indexes . 
On Wednesday , shares were pushed up by index-related buying on the part of investment trusts as well as small orders from individuals and corporations , traders said . 
A hearing is set for Nov. 15 , but participants do n't expect a resolution until July 1990 . 
Mr. Jacobson , his gray hair flying , did n't wear out his red-white-and-blue sneakers , but he sweat so much he considered sending out for a new shirt . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
The company also said it will adopt new accounting standards in the first quarter . 
Of the almost 3,000 athletes surveyed , 1,240 took the time to respond . 
But the chairman 's supporters have the upper hand as federal regulators press a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
But `` the check arrived in the mail , '' said Stephen Kidder , Massachusetts Commissioner of Revenue . 
Great Western 's provision for loan losses was increased to $ 27.9 million for the recent quarter compared with $ 21.8 million a year ago primarily as a result of `` continued weakness in various commercial and multifamily real estate markets outside California . '' 
Mr. Cathcart says he has had `` a lot of fun '' at Kidder , adding the crack about his being a `` tool-and-die man '' never bothered him . 
Chrysler Corp. estimates that health costs add $ 700 to the price of each of its cars , about $ 300 to $ 500 more per car than foreign competitors pay for health . 
In post-earthquake parlance , her building is a `` red . '' 
Transportation officials are expecting utter traffic pandemonium beginning Monday and growing worse over the next several weeks . 
But it 's in very early stages still . '' 
Comprehensive Care said First Hospital had advised it that both bank debt and senior notes would be repaid after the acquisition , although it is n't assured the acquisition will be completed . 
The IL-4 receptor on the surface of such cells receives the hormone 's message to rally the body 's defense . 
Intelogic was spun off from Datapoint four years ago , shortly after Mr. Edelman took control of Datapoint . 
The market planning and sales promotion office of Nomura Securities Co. , for example , has more than 30 computers for its 60 workers , a respectable ratio . 
It said yesterday it still expects to close the acquisition later this year or early in 1990 . 
Perhaps most exciting , the device is thrusting open a window to the workings of the brain . 
Thousands of East Germans attended public rallies organized by the Communist leadership and demanded free speech , controls on the security forces and an end to official privileges . 
`` We are now monitoring for it much more closely , '' he said . 
The industry used 81.6 % of its capability last week , compared with 82.2 % the previous week and 86.2 % a year ago . 
A decision is n't expected until some time next year . 
Sapporo gained 80 to 1,920 and Kirin added 60 to 2,070 . 
The 15 % restriction covers any would-be suitor , British or foreign . 
`` That 's not what our fathers had in mind . '' 
And we certainly do not believe that Mr. Gorbachev or any of his emissaries yet deserve to have the West take their word for it . 
The third-largest thrift institution in Puerto Rico also said it expects a return to profitability in the third quarter when it reports operating results this week . 
At one point , the reader is two steps ahead of Marlowe in catching on to a double identity scam -- and Marlowe is supposed to be the pro . 
Concerning your Sept. 29 article `` Retailers Face Cutbacks , Uncertain Future '' : The outcome of our leveraged buyout is looking very positive . 
Not exactly sophisticated market research , but who cares as long as the campaigns work . 
Seats on the Amex currently are quoted at $ 151,000 bid and $ 200,000 asked . 
Amex short interest climbed 3 % to 53,496,665 shares from 51,911,566 shares . 
Mr. Ingersoll later recalled that Gen. Torrijos seemed afraid to act on the concerns of the U.S. . 
Nervousness that the market has n't seen the last of its recent volatility kept trading at a moderate pace , as did anticipation of a report on the economy 's third-quarter performance . 
Term bonds due 2010 are 7.10 % securities priced at par . 
The FADA real-estate package , with an asking price of $ 428 million , is comprised of 150 properties in Texas , California , Colorado , Arizona and Florida . 
The Financial Times 30-share index ended 13.6 higher at 1772.1 . 
`` A lot of people would like to go back to 1970 , '' before program trading , he said . 
The executives , who got $ 30.88 a share for the stock , showed good timing . 
Besides creating joint manufacturing ventures , the accord is expected to give GM about a 15 % stake that eventually would rise to about 30 % . 
The takeover would be followed by a restructuring of Orkem 's U.K. unit , including the addition of related Orkem businesses and possibly further acquisitions . 
Merchants Bank of New York lost 1 to 106 after reporting that its third-quarter net income fell to $ 1.62 a share from last year 's $ 1.67 a share . 
David Hubel , a Nobel laureate at Harvard , has taken the lead in defending research with animals , as has Dr. Michael DeBakey . 
In August , Asarco , through its Lac d'Amiante du Quebec subsidiary , sold its remaining one-third interest in an asbestos mining limited partnership in Canada for $ 11.7 million . 
Pilot union Chairman Frederick C. Dubinsky said advisers to UAL management and the union will begin meeting in New York today and will work through the weekend to devise a new proposal to present to UAL 's board `` at the earliest time possible . '' 
Also participating in the study , Enron said , is the National Power division of Britain 's Central Electricity Generating Board . 
The Kremlin leader , on the first day of a three-day official visit to Helsinki , assured Finland 's president that the Soviet Union has `` no moral or political right '' to interfere with moves toward democracy in Poland , Hungary or elsewhere in Eastern Europe . 
Both were right . 
This year , many stores are entering the Christmas season in turmoil : Bonwit Teller and B. Altman parent L.J. Hooker Corp. is operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code ; B.A.T Industries PLC 's healthy Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field 's chains are on the auction block ; Campeau 's Bloomingdale 's is also on the block . 
But there are other long-term effects that raise serious questions about the ability of California 's infrastructure to withstand a major temblor . 
Time Warner declined comment . 
Factory owners are buying new machinery at a healthy rate this fall , machine-tool makers say . 
House Banking Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) said Sen. Cranston volunteered to appear before the House committee , if necessary . 
Collectively , the statements raised questions about whether a new bid for UAL will ever get off the ground . 
Some Wall Street firms monitor for recordkeeping purposes . 
`` I do n't think he 'd want to give out his current account numbers . 
There was some profit-taking because prices for all the precious metals had risen to levels at which there was resistance to further advance , he said . 
Last month , Mr. Curcio was succeeded by Ralph E. Reins as chief executive officer following several quarters of lackluster or declining performance . 
It seems to me we 're not really going to get anywhere until we can take the criminality out of the drug business and the incentives for criminality out of it . 
LIVESTOCK AND MEATS : 
Corporate Issues 
He said some investors were reluctant to plunge into the market ahead of several key economic indicators due this week , especially Friday 's potentially market-moving employment report . 
Wieden & Kennedy , Portland , Ore. , was named to handle the News Corp. publication 's $ 1 million to $ 2 million trade-ad account . 
Mr. Krenz , age 52 , is known as an old-guard ironfist , one likely to continue the method of running a country that the Berlin Wall made famous . 
The solution to this problem is a time-limited poison pill . 
Paramount and MCA , according to the broadcasting executive , plan to offer theatrical movies produced separately by Paramount and MCA for Wednesdays and perhaps a block of original shows Fridays . 
Closed End Bond Funds 
The three-month-old strike at Nynex seriously hurt the installation of new telephone lines in the quarter . 
I looked at my watch . 
The new real estate unit would have a separate capital structure to comply with the law . 
A den mother raising some lovable teen models . 
`` That 's going to cost IBM revenue . '' 
But the lot might split into crevasses , so I had better stand on my car , which probably was wider than the average crevasse . 
A new Gallup Poll study commissioned by the New York Business Group on Health , found that a full 25 % of the work force at companies may suffer from anxiety disorders or a stress-related illness , with about 13 % suffering from depression . 
There are all sorts of ways to give buy and sell instructions to a broker -- and just as many ways to get burned if you do n't know what you 're doing . 
Some analysts reckon that the next quarter 's figures will present a more accurate picture of the U.S. economy , showing a marked slowdown in a number of sectors , including housing starts and equities . 
Last week , when her appeal was argued before the Missouri Court of Appeals , her lawyer also relied on the preamble . 
That injunction resulted from litigation between Temple and Sea Containers last May . 
They said they expect the bearish mood to persist a while longer , as trading volume is falling toward the end of the year and the market is becoming more volatile . 
Two decades ago , the Small Business Administration reported Yale Prof. Albert Reiss 's landmark study of crime against 2,500 small businesses drawn from national IRS records . 
`` If we had the baskets , we would be leaving in caskets , '' one trader said . 
Mr. Craven said both Messrs. Eward and Whittington had planned to leave the bank earlier , but Mr. Craven had persuaded them to remain until the bank was in a healthy position . 
The more recent losses were really devastating . '' 
`` Demand for these systems has been very , very strong , '' said Bill Grabe , a senior IBM marketing executive . 
Amazing what it does to one 's heart rate and one 's short-term memory . 
`` Our ordnance business has been hurt very badly by the slowdown , '' says Arch Scurlock , TransTechnology 's chairman . 
Acting more than a year after Ms. Bertussi filed a complaint , the panel issued a `` letter of reproval '' saying Rep. Bates had admitted conduct that violated a House rule forbidding discrimination against employees on account of their sex . 
`` That and adjustment to the new law were the biggest factors in the industry . '' 
And they are quietly linking up with U.S. publishing trade groups . 
Some analysts remain bullish . 
The drop , following a 6.2 % decline in August , indicates the industry is still being hurt by the Fed 's anti-inflation battle . 
Industry executives say that although the two executives used to clash more frequently , the WPP takeover brought them closer together . 
In a letter Monday to Mr. Saltzburg , the judge said he would `` reluctantly '' accept the resignation . 
So they opted for IRA , naming it after Ira Cohen , a brilliant IRS actuary who helped them . 
We do n't expect much good from nuclear-arms control , but conventional-arms talks might demilitarize Eastern Europe . 
The papers , which Israel says were discovered in Israeli-occupied Gaza , refer to terrorist acts to be carried out in the name of a group called `` the Revolutionary Eagles . '' 
There are , according to several securities commissioners , at least 16 states that are either close to settlements with Drexel or who do n't appear opposed to settling . 
Borrowed shares on the Amex rose to another record . 
The action came as Congress sent to President Bush a fiscal 1990 bill providing an estimated $ 156.7 billion for the Departments of Labor , Education , Health and Human Services . 
CalMat advanced 2 3\/4 to 28 3\/4 , Lone Star Industries gained 1 3\/4 to 29 1\/4 , Lafarge rose 1 to 19 1\/2 , Southdown added 5\/8 to 24 5\/8 and Eljer Industries rose 1 1\/4 to 24 7\/8 . 
If we want meaningful priorities , we must understand the trade-offs they imply before we make commitments . 
Good luck . 
When a court decides that a particular actor 's conduct was culpable and so extends the definition of insider trading to reach this conduct , it does not see the potentially enormous number of other cases that will be covered by the expanded rule . 
Litigation consulting is , as New York trial attorney Donald Zoeller puts it , `` highly manipulative . '' 
An unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap for August dragged the dollar lower Tuesday , but profit-taking on short positions helped the currency rebound to close mixed against major counterparts . 
For example , P&G up until now has n't sold coffee to airlines and does only limited business with hotels and large restaurant chains . 
Bond Corp. said the acknowledged losses mean net asset backing is in the red to the tune of 53 Australian cents a share , vs. positive asset backing of A$ 1.92 a share a year ago . 
Both are in great need of foreign exchange , and South Africa is also under pressure to meet foreign loan commitments , he said . 
Resolution Funding Corp. plans to sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday in the agency 's first sale of securities . 
In a statement that was as close as East Germany gets to practicing `` glasnost '' , Otto Reinhold , an East German party theorist , actually acknowledged the reunification dilemma . 
Now , the threat of further restrictions adds a new dimension , bringing an upsurge in political activity by abortion-rights forces . 
Announcement of the approval is expected to be made by Louis Sullivan , secretary of Health and Human Services . 
March 24 , 1986 : 
To help lay the groundwork for that fight , President Bush plans early next week to meet at the White House with some 20 Democratic senators who favor cutting the capital-gains tax or are undecided on the issue . 
The writer and executive producer of `` Settle the Score , '' Steve Sohmer , is a graduate of Yale who participated in a PBS documentary , aired this summer , in which six members of the Yale class of 1963 ruminated about their lives since graduation . 
The $ 75 million in paper money , although moldy , mildewy and smelly , was exchanged through the Federal Reserve Bank of Philadelphia without incident . 
In January , American Medical brought in a new chief executive officer , Richard A. Gilleland , 45 , who will remain as chairman , president and chief executive . 
`` We issue paper money ; we destroy paper money , '' says Jane Hinkle , a Philadelphia Fed spokeswoman . 
That was slightly above Sotheby 's presale estimate of $ 111 million . 
The former first lady of the Philippines , asked a federal court in Manhattan to dismiss an indictment against her , claiming among other things , that she was abducted from her homeland . 
As a last recourse , when all else has failed and you are pinned , apologize for having disappointed those who trusted you but deny having actually done anything wrong . 
First , there 's the name : `` asset-backed securities . '' 
The $ 58.9 million of 7 % certificates due 2016 carry the issue 's high yield , priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.19 % . 
Similar steps would be taken to liquidate unprofitable state and collective farms by the end of 1991 . 
Civilized discourse and an environment where compromise can begin are lost in a hostile posture abetted by superficial media interviews . 
Both candidates are negotiating about holding debates , but Mr. Dinkins is widely seen as the major obstacle for scheduling them . 
`` The bottom line is that it 's more hand to mouth than it has been before , '' he said . 
But in today 's overbuilt market , tenants have many choices and are negotiating low rents that squeeze building owners . 
A two-part $ 75.1 million offering of wastewater treatment bonds by the New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust was more than half sold by late in the session , according to lead underwriter Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The move is part of a drive to increase Colgate 's business with dentists , a company spokeswoman said . 
`` I 've heard from friends that state farms are subsidized , '' Mr. Pyszkiewicz says as his wife , Wieslawa , sets some chairs out in the sun . 
Microsoft 's stock rose $ 2.875 a share in national over-the-counter trading to $ 78.625 . 
In addition to paying for earthquake and fire damage , the insurer must cover worker-compensation claims and also losses due to businesses being shut down by lack of power or phone service . 
Mr. Kume himself visited Honda 's headquarters in Tokyo 's upscale Aoyama district . 
Sales in the latest quarter rose 2 % to $ 4.25 billion from $ 4.15 billion a year earlier . 
In Dallas , Mr. Landry has a standing just shy of sainthood . 
Analysts said they expected the action , and investors applauded the move . 
Municipals 
Republicans acknowledge that few people would be executed under the Thurmond bill , but they contend that is n't the point . 
But some analysts say Salomon has turned the corner . 
I rode it out on the second floor of Leo 's at 55th and Telegraph in Oakland . 
But yesterday , as the morning wore on , some major West Coast refinery operators -- including Chevron Corp. , Exxon Corp. and the Shell Oil Co. unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group -- said their refineries were n't damaged and were continuing to operate normally . 
This time , there are 30 % more shares outstanding . 
In that suit , the SEC accused Mr. Antar of engaging in a `` massive financial fraud '' to overstate the earnings of Crazy Eddie , Edison , N.J. , over a three-year period . 
Hewlett-Packard is a Palo Alto , Calif. , computer maker . 
The Nasdaq Composite has gained 23 % this year , but that 's largely due to the 100 largest nonfinancial stocks , which have soared 30 % . 
However , David Threlkeld , president of Threlkeld & Co. , an international metals company , noted that so far this year copper consumption is way ahead of the same period of 1988 , and that projected production is below last year . 
Brown had no proof ; but testimony of his mother and stepmother about his father and of an ex-employer about his honesty and habits satisfied a judge that Brown was truthful and his tale of gifts was possible . 
Like most treasury secretaries , Mr. Brady takes a keen interest in monetary matters , of course . 
Fleet reported nine-month net of $ 279.0 million , or $ 2.51 a primary share , up from $ 248.2 million , or $ 2.28 a share , a year earlier . 
Computations involving zero-coupon CDs are more complicated and you should discuss any questions you may have with your financial consultant . '' 
He wanted your own unbiased , virgin opinion , '' says Mr. Johnson , now managing director at Georgeson & Co. , a proxy-solicitation and investor-relations firm . 
The offer , which values the whole of Coates at # 301 million , has already been accepted by Coates executives and other shareholders owning 12.4 % of the company . 
She has indeed turned Hochiminh City Food into a budding conglomerate , but the company itself remains state-owned . 
Of all the major steelmakers , Bethlehem would seem to be the most vulnerable to a slowdown . 
Pinnacle West Capital , which suspended its common-stock dividend indefinitely and reported a 91 % decline in third-quarter earnings , fell 5\/8 to 11 3\/8 . 
Anyone who 's tried to appear `` natural '' in front of a camera knows that it 's much more natural to end up looking like a stiff . 
An Avery spokesman said that the loss was magnified by accounting adjustments and that the company 's loss was smaller on a cash basis . 
The company , which last month paid # 50.7 million for regional British brewer Boddington Group PLC , has about 13 % of the British beer market . 
That 's the lesson offered through one case study featured in a design exhibit . 
`` American Brand 's failure to surrender the gold watch has damaged new Pinkerton 's in an amount as yet { to be } determined and deprived it of a valuable artifact for which it had bargained , '' the suit charges . 
`` It 's often wrong , but it 's better than consulting an Indian rain dancer . '' 
From 1984 to 1987 , its earnings soared six-fold , to $ 3.8 million , on a seven-fold increase in revenue , to $ 44.1 million . 
The private , non-profit cemetery has had trouble competing against its for-profit counterparts , which use direct mail and other advertising to sell lots . 
The state attorney general 's office is investigating rental car agencies charging noticeably higher prices . 
It is possible that , in perpetuating such myths , the ground is being laid for the arrest of opposition activists on the ground of terrorism . 
He says he has quit the business and is back in school , majoring in psychology with aspirations to go into industrial psychology . ) 
A competing version of EPO is being developed by Genetics Institute Inc. in Cambridge , Mass . 
South Korean consumer prices rose 5 % in the first 10 months of this year , matching the government 's target for the entire year , according to the Bank of Korea and the Economic Planning Board . 
Now the Senate 's stripped-down bill omits any proposal to deal with the corporate tax . 
Prices were lower in Frankfurt , Zurich , Paris and Amsterdam . 
Daiwa House advanced 100 to 2,610 , Misawa Homes was up 60 at 2,940 , and Sekisui House gained 100 to 2,490 . 
`` Kodak understands HDTV is where everybody is going , '' says RIT 's Mr. Spaull . 
About 33 % considered another crash `` likely , '' while about 63 % said one is `` unlikely . '' 
Mr. Regal had been president and chief executive of RBS Industries Inc . 
-- If the stock goes up in price between now and the put 's expiration date , the put will probably expire worthless . 
Alongside the current non-convertible ruble , a second currency would be introduced that could be freely exchanged for dollars and other Western currencies . 
And the majority of Members cynically view the current discrediting of HUD as mainly a chance to shove through their own slate of projects . 
Dealers said London showed signs of calming in midafternoon after Wall Street avoided sharp losses despite the trade report , but a wave of futures-related selling later in the session sent buyers back to the sidelines . 
CRI Inc. said it reduced the estimated cash distribution for its Capital Housing and Mortgage Partners Inc. trust to between 71 cents and 74 cents a share , from between 75 cents and 80 cents , for the year ending June 9 , 1990 . 
Families that do not need the loan can make money simply by putting the loan in the bank and paying it back when the student graduates . 
Mr. Rifenburgh said the board still has n't acted on most of the internal report 's recommendations , pending restatement of the balance sheet . 
The decision to raise the ceiling on FHA home loans still faces strong opposition in the House . 
Both moves are effective today . 
GM confirmed Friday that it received permission late Thursday from U.S. antitrust regulators to increase its Jaguar holdings past the $ 15 million level . 
Mr. Deaver has reopened a public-relations business . 
The $ 6.07 billion increase was the strongest weekly inflow since January 1988 . 
In that time more than 1.2 million jobs have been created and the official jobless rate has been pushed below 17 % from 21 % . 
`` I 'm not going to look stupid , '' vows former Pittsburgh Pirate second baseman Rennie Stennett , sweat dotting his brow as he prepares for some practice swings . 
Tan Sri Basir said the capital restructuring plan has been approved by Malaysia 's Capital Issues Committee and central bank . 
The retailer was unable to find a buyer for the building . 
`` In the past , customers had to go to IBM when they outgrew the VAX . 
Certainly , the chancellor has made it clear that he is prepared to increase interest rates again if necessary to both ensure that a substantial slowdown does take place and that sterling does n't decline further . 
CFCs are the primary ingredient in a gas , often referred to by the Du Pont trade name Freon , which is compressed to liquid form to serve as the cooling agent in refrigeration and air-conditioning equipment . 
But the news of the boom has yet to trickle down to the farmers . 
Ironically , American Airlines ' attempt to lead industry prices higher was reported in the same issue as your survey showing that consumers had the least confidence in the airline industry ( Sept. 20 ) . 
At the news conference , Mr. Lorenzo and Eastern President Phil Bakes presented a far rosier assessment . 
`` They looked like ordinary vacationers at first , '' says Willy LLerena , owner of Travel Air Service in Monte Bello , Calif. , describing five men who entered his agency last June . 
`` We still have our die-hard baseball fans , '' a spokesman said . 
The Justice Department took steps that could restrict the use by prosecutors of criminal racketeering charges against white-collar defendants . 
Burmah , which has a strong market position supplying marine lubricants and metal-working fluids in Poland , described the joint venture as `` fairly small . '' 
This past summer , investors ' appetite for municipal bonds seemed insatiable . 
INTEL Corp. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 2.87 billion , OTC , had some damage and few people were at work yesterday . 
A spokesman said that neither Mr. Fireman nor Mr. LaBonte would be available for comment . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Trading in futures and options , some people believe , can add to volatility . 
Testifying before a panel of the House Banking Committee , Mr. Greenspan said the short-term value of the dollar on foreign-exchange markets is n't the primary policy focus of the central bank . 
Buying was scattered across a wide range of issues , making the session fairly characterless , traders said . 
A subsidiary of Britain 's Imperial Chemical Industries would buy electricity and steam from the proposed station . 
`` What kind of right to exist , '' he asked , `` would a capitalist German Democratic Republic have alongside a capitalist Federal Republic ? '' 
Analysts have attributed much of the summer 's spurt in spending to bargain car prices at the end of the model year . 
To add aftershock-damping power to America 's markets , a modern , electronic trading system should be implemented that permits equal access to the trading arena ( and the information that would automatically accompany such access ) by investors -- particularly institutional investors . 
Housing has been weak all year and especially so in the past five months . 
New York stocks recovered some of their losses after the London market closed . 
This letter was inspired by David Asman 's Sept. 25 editorial-page article about Fidel Castro , `` Man in the Middle of Drug Trafficking . '' 
`` The obligation is totally unwarranted , '' the statement said . 
Mr. Pertschuk adds that the new commercial dovetails perfectly with major aspects of Philip Morris 's political strategy . 
His grip on power unraveled this summer as thousands of his countrymen , dissatisfied by the harshness of his rule , fled to the West . 
Its stock , which was as high as $ 18.75 a share , has been trading under $ 4 a share recently . 
Among California savings-and-loan stocks , H.F. Ahmanson eased 3\/8 to 22 1\/4 , CalFed slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/8 , Great Western Financial dropped 1\/2 to 21 1\/4 and Golden West Financial fell 5\/8 to 29 1\/4 . 
Litigation consulting had arrived . 
But I 'd also rather live next door to an incinerator than to some of the hog farms I 've seen ( and smelt ) in these parts . 
To simplify the calculations , commissions on the option and underlying stock are n't included in the table . 
TDK fell 120 to 5,960 , Fuji Photo Film declined 160 to 4,830 , and Fanuc dropped 160 to 7,440 . 
There 's also resentment . 
He would have got a lot more done if he made up his mind faster . '' 
No doubt , Mr. Dinkins has been a calming influence . 
The overall private-sector employment cost index , which includes both wages and benefits , rose 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.5 % for both the 12 months ended in June and the 12 months ended September 1988 . 
Skeptics wonder whether mega-resorts such as the Mirage will be able to squeeze a profit from their cash flow . 
`` It 's more of an important issue to keep control of those assets , rather than push the investor to move into ( specific ) products such as equities , '' Mr. Grano says . 
It said it will also offer buyers the option of financing as low as 6.9 % on 24-month loans . 
They are spread around the country and include locations in California , Florida , Washington and Arizona . 
Mr. Finkelstein is apparently referring to B. Altman and Bonwit Teller , two New York retailers that have recently filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , as well as the retail chains owned by financially troubled Campeau Corp . 
Mr. Rey bought a controlling stake in Inspectorate for 18 million Swiss francs in 1982 , building up the little-known engineering company with European and U.S. acquisitions . 
Meanwhile , the company 's service center segment , which saw operating profit drop to $ 11.5 million from $ 30.7 million a year ago , experienced much of the same demand and cost problems , as well as start-up costs associated with a coil processing facility in Chicago and an upgraded computer information system . 
`` It 's impossible to put an exact figure on it at this time . '' 
Citing its reduced ownership in the Lyondell Petrochemical Co. , Atlantic Richfield reported that net income slid 3.1 % in the third quarter to $ 379 million , or $ 2.19 a share , from $ 391 million , or $ 2.17 a share , for the comparable period last year . 
`` For the first time in my life , I was n't sure whether I was listening to our news or West German television . '' 
Would I have done all those things successively if I did n't think he was the right guy ? '' Mr. Roman asked . 
But board members say he took so long to decide how to vote that by the time he decided , it was too late to try to draw other members to his position . 
Yet for all his cynicism , he 's at heart a closet idealist , a softy with a secret crush on truth , justice and the American Way . 
Separately , the government will try again within a month to sell the 36 % stake in Paper Industries Corp. of the Philippines , or Picop , as the paper mill is known . 
Japan 's production of cars , trucks and buses in September fell 4.1 % from a year ago to 1,120,317 units because of a slip in exports , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers ' Association said . 
On a single day Inco lifted its offer to $ 38 and then to $ 41 , equal to $ 225.5 million . 
The Republicans show no sign of relenting . 
But you know about campaign promises . 
When they did , the firm reduced those stock holdings to about 70 % . 
The board is n't aware of any attempts to take over Philip Morris , the company said . 
This brings into question the motives of those who lead civil disobedience demonstrations . 
`` The solution is stronger domestic growth { in Germany } , '' he said . 
`` We had just finished phase two '' of the Cypress project that involved installing a series of retaining cables designed to prevent sections of the roadway from separating as a result of seismic shock , a state DOT engineer said . 
But the public policy issues raised by earthquake damage will be difficult to address , Mr. Johnson predicted . 
Revenue rose 21 % to 22.61 billion francs from 18.69 billion francs . 
The tax increase , which will be considered at a special session of the state legislature that begins tomorrow , would cover only part of the estimated $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in total damage caused by the Oct. 17 quake . 
In finding `` good news '' in Berkeley 's new freshman admissions plan ( `` The Privileged Class , '' editorial , Sept. 20 ) , you 're reading the headline but not the story . 
`` We would have to go outside to banks to get the money and I am not ready to do that , '' he said . 
Banks also want to be able to call someone on the telephone to fix a problem with a deal that goes bad -- preferably someone other than a union leader . 
Some note that Sony might have saved itself some trouble by just hiring Mr. Guber and letting Mr. Peters stay on to fulfill the Warner contract . 
Last month , Mr. Ruskin proposed , among other things , to buy 3.5 million shares , or 38 % , for $ 4 apiece . 
The program-trading outcry was taken to a new level when giant Contel Corp. said it and 20 or more of the Big Board 's listed companies are forming an unprecedented alliance to complain about the exchange 's role in program trading . 
His board members alone have pledged $ 800,000 and he is just beginning to massage local foundations and corporations . 
The study , which received funding from Upjohn Co. , which makes several drugs to treat stress-related illnesses , also found 47 % of the managers said stress , anxiety and depression contribute to decreased production . 
South African gold stocks closed moderately lower . 
But top management should watch for other tell-tale signs of employee misdeeds , like expense-account fudging and phone misuse . 
Writing in the 1960s Ms. Carson suggested that the human race could be eliminated in 20 years , and Mr. Wald suggested that life on earth might end by 1985 . 
Pittston also owns Brink 's Inc. , the security service , and Burlington Air Express , the air-freight concern . 
Dow will own 60 % of the venture , with Eli Lilly holding the rest . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.65 % . 
Stockholders may buy one share at the subscription price for every four shares of stock they own . 
The sudden growth of the opposition movement , together with the steady outflow of citizens escaping through Poland and Hungary , has plunged the country into its deepest political crisis since an anti-Soviet workers ' uprising in 1953 . 
Whitbread had total pretax profit in the year ended Feb. 25 of # 223.2 million , on sales of # 2.26 billion . 
The farmers ran a boycott , and meat disappeared from the shops . 
Cathay also is moving some of its labor-intensive data-processing operations outside Hong Kong . 
A decline may come in the first half of 1990 , he said , but the market does n't appear on the verge of a severe downturn . 
However , more money managers are reassured that profit is regaining importance . 
The individuals said Gulf Power and federal prosecutors are considering a settlement under which the company would plead guilty to two felony charges and pay fines totaling between $ 500,000 and $ 1.5 million . 
Mr. Warren pronounces the Litchfield case `` your typical demonic infestation . '' 
`` I wish they were around 24 hours a day . '' 
One U.S. trader , however , dismissed sterling doomsayers while acknowledging there is little immediate upside potential for the U.K. unit . 
Fannie Mae , a federally chartered and shareholder-owned company , said the lenders include Prudential Home Mortgage Co. , a unit of Prudential Insurance Co. of America that operates in every state . 
Between then and his bid on Oct. 5 , the price fluctuated between $ 75.625 and $ 87.375 . 
FIG : 
`` The Fuji is going to be No. 1 to replace the Red Delicious , '' he says . 
`` That is n't consistent with the kind of discipline that Gramm-Rudman is supposed to impose , '' he said . 
Paul L. Kane , Laurel 's president at the time , quickly responded . 
Guaranteed by the South Australian Treasury . 
Last October , Quebecor bought 23 Canadian printing plants from BCE Inc. , a Montreal telecommunications , manufacturing , energy and real estate company . 
But in the end his resignation as Chancellor of the Exchequer may be a good thing , especially if it works as he no doubt intends -- by forcing Prime Minister Thatcher and her counterparts elsewhere to confront the genuine intellectual issues involved . 
`` We would certainly like to have a major white-spirits brand in our portfolio . '' 
Then , a scientific team led by molecular geneticist Webster Cavenee , then at the University of Utah , found the answer . 
I think the earlier strident notes struck by { U.S. Commerce Secretary Robert } Mosbacher and { U.S. Trade Representative } Carla Hills have been more rounded . 
These days , Mr. Breeden is winning praise in Washington and on Wall Street for his behind-the-scenes role in monitoring the Friday-the-13th market plunge and the following Monday 's harrowing morning session . 
T. Marshall Hahn Jr. , Georgia-Pacific 's chairman and chief executive , said in an interview that all terms of the offer are negotiable . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in active trading Friday , marking the fourth consecutive daily gain since Monday 's sharp fall . 
No reason was given in the filing for the sales . 
The prosecutor must show that less-intrusive remedies ( such as bonds ) are not likely to preserve the assets for forfeiture in the event of a conviction . 
Ordinarily in genetic engineering each of these genes , minus the one that caused the virulence , would have been transferred to another bacterium , called E. coli , which would then produce a nonvirulent version of the toxin . 
But many others , who want to qualify for employee benefits and unemployment compensation , become tipsters for the IRS , says Jerry Lackey , who manages the IRS project 's force of nine agents in north and central Florida from Orlando . 
Yesterday 's edition provided analysts ' estimates for the company when actual earnings were available . 
The American Bankers Association did n't have any comment on the plan . 
John C. Dannemiller , executive vice president and chief operating officer , will become president and chief operating officer . 
While Mr. Timbers explained he 's `` not totally convinced index arbitrage changes the overall level of the stock market , '' he said that `` on an intraday basis , it has major effects . 
President Bush would do himself and the country a favor by rescinding the order as an ambiguous intrusion on his ability to defend America 's national security . 
`` You go to any medium-sized town in the U.S. and you 're going to see H&R Block tax services . '' 
The company had a loss from operations of $ 1.7 million . 
Mortgage-backed securities were up less than 1\/8 point and investment-grade corporate bonds were unchanged . 
Although time and place have yet to be determined , some details are in place . 
The judge was considered imperious , abrasive and ambitious , those who practiced before him say . 
If so , the damages could be tripled . 
Not everyone is convinced the state must raise new revenue to meet its earthquake needs . 
But skeptics question whether asset-backed bonds offer sufficient rewards to compensate for the extra risks . 
Revenue rose 17 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.33 billion a year earlier . 
Senshukai said the partners plan to rent to tourists but will also sell to interested parties . 
In response to BellSouth 's amended pact , the Kirkland , Wash. , company extended its own offer to buy 22 million LIN shares for $ 125 apiece , which would give McCaw a 50.3 % controlling interest . 
Japan agreed to enforce a decision by an international wildlife conference to ban all trade in ivory , a spokesman for the Ministry of International Trade and Industry said . 
Good grief ! 
Sitting in one of Mr. Palmer 's chairs , which cost $ 425 and have since been copied by others , is a bit like straddling a recliner . 
Brokers do n't deny that . 
Either way it was a pity , because Mr. Stolzman offered the most substantial music of the evening just after intermission : Steve Reich 's `` New York Counterpoint , '' one of a series of Reich works that juxtapose a live performer with recorded tracks of his or her own playing . 
Tendered shares not purchased will be returned to holders . 
`` This week was uneventful for the CD market , '' said Norberto Mehl , chairman of Banxquote . 
The pride of Oranjemund is the 18-hole golf course -- with the largest sand trap in the world . 
If both copies of a second gene were then deleted , the polyps would progress to malignancy . 
Bias 's coach , Lefty Driesell , ordered the room in which Bias died to be cleaned before the police could arrive ( the order was n't carried out ) , and the school 's athletics director issued false information about the academic standing of Bias and other players . 
Swedish auto and aerospace concern Saab-Scania AB said it received a 250 million krona ( $ 39 million ) order from Swiss Crossair , one of Europe 's leading regional air companies , for five Saab 340B turboprop commuter aircraft . 
The soft-spoken , silver-haired Manhattan borough president -- the first black man to win the Democratic nomination for mayor here -- does n't have a single prominent political enemy . 
Revenue rose to $ 235.2 million , from $ 176.4 million . 
Meanwhile , the many organizations inside the country that back the ANC are taking the opportunity to regain their strength and mobilize their supporters even though the state of emergency , which has severely curtailed black opposition , remains in force . 
The state attorney general 's office filed suit against five New York brokerage firms , charging them with responsibility for much of a $ 200 million loss incurred by the state treasurer 's office in 1987 . 
If the national survey confirms a pickup in the manufacturing sector , it could further depress bond prices while bolstering stock prices and the dollar . 
`` The market was basically acting on two contradictory forces , '' said Nauman Barakat of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Among broader Nasdaq industry groups , the utility index gained 18.11 to 761.38 . 
Imperial is in the midst of reducing its junk-bond holdings and getting out of the investment banking business in order to return to traditional thrift activities . 
`` I 've surrendered to the circumstances , '' Mr. Fedders says . 
Plant lovers who studied the maquette were alarmed . 
A lawyer for Lawyers Title said that , because the named companies no longer use the type of cooperative rating bureaus attacked by the FTC , the commission 's order wo n't have much practical impact . 
And assuming their first investment is successful , investors will have to pay taxes on their gains . 
`` There 's no finger to be pointed , '' she said . 
And they can further reduce the monthly amount if they start saving earlier -- when mother and child come home from the hospital . 
BECHTEL CORP. , San Francisco , engineering and construction concern , annual sales of $ 4 billion , had only minor structural damage at its three buildings in the city , but its computers were knocked out . 
Revco reacted cautiously , saying the plan would add $ 260 million of new debt to the highly leveraged company . 
`` The company will not budge on anything , '' said a spokesman for the union . 
Only 2 % are brand loyal in 16 to 20 of the categories , and no one is loyal for more than 20 types of products . 
Amtech , which also provides technical temporary employment services to aerospace , defense , computer and high-tech companies in the Southwest and Baltimore-Washington areas , said its final audited results are due in late November . 
Part of Drexel 's plea was to cut Mr. Milken loose . 
Later that month , it added an entire tank brigade , including 120 T-72 tanks and more than 40 BMP state-of-the-art infantry fighting vehicles . 
Visitors are ushered into the premises by red-frocked doormen known as waiters , a reminder of the insurance market 's origins in a coffeehouse in 17th century London . 
Common shares outstanding : 21.6 million 
FRANKLIN NATIONAL BANK DIED at 3 p.m. EDT , Oct. 8 , 1974 , and was promptly resurrected under new owners to shore up confidence in other banks during a recession . 
In its order , the state regulatory agency said the company `` must be held accountable for the mistakes made in the management of the plant 's operation . '' 
They also insist that touching is a basic need , as powerful as the need for food or sleep , and that the office is as good a place as any to do it . 
Finnair , Finland 's state-owned airline , joined the wave of global airline alliances and signed a wide-ranging cooperation agreement with archrival Scandinavian Airlines System . 
Individuals familiar with the case said that throughout September , defense attorneys were talking with the government in an effort to prevent a trial , but by the end of the month the talks had ended . 
Mr. Manzanec , who succeeds retiring Richard C. Dixon , will be responsible for gas supply , regulatory affairs , and marketing and transportation and exchange for Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Co. , Trunkline Gas Co. , Texas Eastern Transmission Corp. and Algonquin Gas Transmission Co . 
`` We have enough products to make and the markets to sell these products . '' 
`` There 's nothing like skin to skin . 
Both Warner and Sony declined to comment on the terms of the settlement discussions . 
In this second LBO , KKR with one hand took more than $ 1 billion of cash out of the TV company 's assets and moved it into the Storer cable operations , making them more valuable in a 1988 sale . 
Chrysler officials said the plant is scheduled to resume production on Nov. 20. , and 3,300 hourly workers will be affected . 
Normally , Sotheby 's would have earned 20 % of the total in commissions . 
`` We 've approached this not as a response to a temporary condition in the industry but as a fundamental change the industry is going through , '' Mr. Unruh said . 
No personal computer , not even the one on a chief executive 's desk , is safe , this speaker noted . 
Cattle futures prices were also supported yesterday by signs that supermarket chains are making plans to increase their promotions concerning beef . 
It may have been painted instead by a Rubens associate . 
Apple Computer Inc. has doubled its staff here over the past year . 
'' Or the one in which she and Josh are stranded in the city , and , after insisting on separate motel rooms , she knocks on his door to pour out her feelings about the rape -- wearing nothing but a mini-slip and a push-up bra . 
The news also knocked the British unit to below 2.95 marks in London , but a bout of short-covering helped sterling recoup some of its earlier losses . 
About a year ago , it ended an on-again , off-again internal production war that had put prices on a roller coaster and pitched oil towns from Houston to Caracas into recession . 
By late January , the consensus calls for the dollar to be trading around 1.8200 marks and near 142 yen . 
The merger agreement says the buy-out group is entitled to be repaid $ 26.7 million in fees for its investment bankers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Salomon Brothers Inc. , and its law firm , Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1,400,000 common shares , via Dillon Read & Co . 
According to U.S. sources in Beijing , the administration hopes Mr. Deng 's fairly conciliatory comments will prod Congress to be cautious about further sanctions against Beijing . 
Although Italy 's investigation of whether Olivetti had violated Western export-control rules had previously been made known , this marked the first time the unit and product were named . 
`` I feel better than I ever have in my life , '' he says . 
But the Rockefeller investment is its largest . 
The agency will withdraw from the production of nine food products , maintaining production of the two most important ones , corn and milk . 
It also was n't known what the impact will be on the division 's work , which includes the Navy 's Trident submarine-based missile program and the Air Force 's Strategic Defense Initiative . 
Most forecasters , including those in the Congressional Budget Office , assume inflation will be in excess of 4 % in each of those five years . 
On Oct. 19 , 1987 , some investors learned the consequences of entering `` good-til-canceled limit orders '' and then forgetting about them . 
Charles McCoy in San Francisco and John R. Emshwiller in Los Angeles contributed to this article . 
`` How do readers feel about the magazine ? 
IBM established its standard to try to stop falling behind upstart Apple Computer , but NEC was ahead from the start and did n't need to invite in competitive allies . 
Mr. Platt is advising clients that `` the near-term direction of bond prices is likely to remain upward . '' 
They stopped short of resuming diplomatic ties , severed in 1979 . 
Without the Adobe gain , Apple 's full-year operating profit edged up 1.5 % to $ 406 million , or $ 3.16 a share , from $ 400.3 million , or $ 3.08 a share . 
Net income fell 37 % to $ 32.9 million , or 30 cents a share , from $ 52.2 million , or 48 cents a share , in the year-ago period . 
She had an idea . 
`` I can tell you that nobody quit over it . 
That helps explain why American employers grant an average award of $ 604.72 per suggestion , while Japan 's payment is $ 3.23 . 
`` We are not in any hurry to sell '' Saks , Marshall Field or B.A.T 's other U.S. retail properties , said Chairman Patrick Sheehy . 
`` It 's like the U.S. and the Russians : Nobody wants to disarm first . '' 
Advertisers already are balking at higher prices . 
By some estimates , nearly a fourth of all U.S. ski areas have been forced to shut down since the early '80s . 
But the bank 's retail activities in Latin America are likely to be cut back . 
San Francisco Bay area officials said nine people remain missing in the aftermath of last week 's earthquake . 
Telerate provides information about financial markets through an electronic network . 
Import competition for U.S. furs has risen sharply since furriers started aggressively marketing `` working-girl mink '' and similar lower-priced imported furs in recent years . 
`` When will I get that check for a million dollars ? '' he jokes . 
The transaction is part of UGI 's continuing program to shed AmeriGas 's industrial gas interests and expand the subsidiary 's propane business . 
`` We 're looking at the leverage factor every day , '' says Robert Moore , president of Bernstein-Macaulay Inc. , a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit and the fund 's adviser . 
Martin Schrager , 51 , who had been president , was named vice chairman . 
He will succeed Charles L. Harrington , chairman and chief executive officer , who retired last month . 
`` We need to look at how to maximize our cash flow to pay our beneficiaries . '' 
Under the exchange 's definitions , program trading also describes a number of other strategies that , in the opinion of some traders , do n't cause big swings in the market . 
Traders said most municipal bonds ended 1\/2 point higher . 
Consider , for example , what happened to Maxwell House coffee . 
The yield on the benchmark bond rose slightly to 7.98 % from 7.96 % . 
In some cases , competition has squeezed margins . 
Concord Camera Corp. completed the acquisition of Peter Bauser G.m.b . H. , a West German photographic products distributor . 
That was before the 1986 tax `` reform '' made taxes more complex than ever . 
A large part of the long-term appreciation of assets reflects inflation , and the taxation of inflation-created capital gains is confiscation . 
After five years of management turmoil , with four different studio heads , Columbia sorely needs a stable , savvy team to restore its credibility and get it back in the business of making hits . 
He said that Oliver North of Iran-Contra notoriety thought he had erased his computer but that the information was later retrieved for congressional committees to read . 
Rep. John LaFalce ( D. , N.Y . ) said Mr. Johnson refused to testify jointly with Mr. Mulford and instead asked to appear after the Treasury official had completed his testimony . 
Mr. Mastro will do civil litigation and white-collar defense work for Gibson Dunn , which is based in Los Angeles . 
The existence of the guidelines has become known since President Bush disclosed them privately to seven Republican senators at a White House meeting last Monday . 
Alongside the old problems of a non-convertible currency and an inpenetrable bureaucracy , Western business executives must now grapple with new complexities linked to perestroika , the restructuring of the Soviet economy . 
The stock closed yesterday on the Big Board at $ 28.75 , down 12.5 cents . 
`` We went to six companies over two days pitching the prospect , '' says Tim Parker , a Santa Fe exploration manager . 
Garry Kasparov went to combat Sunday with the world 's most advanced chess computer and kicked it around -- symbolically , anyway -- like an old tin can . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
The investment is worth about $ 130 today . 
Revenues were $ 99.23 billion , up from $ 97.74 billion a year earlier . 
`` This is one where I cross party lines , '' she says , rejecting the anti-abortion stance of Rep. Florio 's opponent , Reagan-Republican Rep. James Courter . 
Mr. Katz happily agreed , sliding over the fact that California 's roads and bridges are n't funded by property taxes but by state and federal gasoline taxes . 
`` Most of the West 's leaders have finally concluded that we all want perestroika { Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev 's policy of economic restructuring } to succeed , '' says Hubert Vedrine , security adviser to Mr. Mitterrand . 
You become expendable . 
The state Supply Regulator Institute is to burn rice , corn and beans that spoiled because of neglect and corruption in the previous Christian Democrat government , a statement from the information service SISAL said . 
That 's where the two scripts would diverge . 
The 189 Democrats who supported the override yesterday compare with 175 who initially backed the rape-and-incest exemption two weeks ago and 136 last year on a similar vote . 
He said he expects Lotus Development Corp. to introduce a Next version of its popular 1-2-3 spreadsheet program in 1990 . 
It also reported a 2.6 % decline in its raw-materials price index for September . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
`` We believe our suggested plan is more likely to improve the availability of quality legal service to the poor than is the proposed mandatory pro bono plan and will achieve that objective without the divisiveness , distraction , administrative burdens and possible failure that we fear would accompany an attempt to impose a mandatory plan , '' said Justin L. Vigdor of Rochester , who headed the bar 's pro bono study committee . 
In any settlement , Warner is almost certain to demand rights to most of the 50 or so projects Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters have locked up for the next few years , notably sequels to `` Batman . '' 
The FBI 's role is to complement the D.C. initiative through not only these major trafficking investigations , but also by providing a full range of services through various task forces and our contacts with local police squads handling drug-related crimes . 
The change in charter does n't alter the federal insurance of deposits , federal regulatory powers or company operations , a spokesman said . 
Mr. Ferguson , who is 68 years old , fled the U.S. in 1970 after exhausting his appeals of a 1968 conviction on conspiracy to murder . 
Measures of manufacturing activity fell more than the overall measures . 
Under the contract Hydro-Quebec was to supply 400 megawatts of power to Central Maine Power starting in 1992 , 600 megawatts starting in 1995 and 900 megawatts starting in 
Said 's story reflects the souring of socialism under Nasser , whose dictatorial rule replaced the monarchy overthrown in 1952 . 
It was the ninth inning of the third game of a three-game playoff between the Brooklyn Dodgers and the New York Giants ( the predecessor to the San Francisco Giants scheduled to play in tonight 's world series ) . 
As a result , industry operated out of small , expensive , highly inefficient industrial units . 
In contrast to the 1 % conversion fee charged by Visa , foreign-currency dealers routinely charge 7 % or more to convert U.S. dollars into foreign currency . 
Some bourbon makers advertise abroad as they do at home . 
Wilfred closed its Massachusetts schools earlier this year . 
`` He 's not a reformer -- he wants to have the image of a reformer . '' 
This is adapted from a speech to the Commonwealth Club in San Francisco . 
But against that combined increase of 12 % in students chosen by academic criteria , the plan eliminates a large category in which admissions now are based on grades , test scores and `` supplemental points '' for factors such as high-school curriculum , English-language proficiency and an essay . 
In the year-earlier fourth quarter , the company had profit of $ 2.7 million , or 15 cents a share . 
But despite the differences in what they say , according to some analysts here , economic constraints mean the next president may not have many choices about what he does . 
Meanwhile , the brokerage firms in San Francisco were trying to cope . 
However , the bank holding company 's loan-loss reserves rose to $ 177.3 million from $ 154 million a year earlier . 
WORLD ODDITIES come alive in a multimedia version of the Guinness Book of Records . 
Another 250 Libyans were already in Italy to stage a day of mourning for victims of Italy 's colonial rule between 1911 and 1943 , when Tripoli says Rome kidnapped 5,000 Libyans and deported them as forced labor . 
The Fed chief opposed a bill - introduced by Reps. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind. ) and Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D. ) -- that , among other things , would require the Fed to disclose all monetary policy moves immediately and increase outside scrutiny of the Fed . 
After an 88-year absence from the birthplace of the family banking empire , the return of the Rothschild group to Frankfurt was greeted by the glare of television lights , curious reporters and a mayoral reception in Town Hall . 
Already many foreign firms , especially banks , have their own cryptographers , conference speakers reported . 
Since March , exports have been virtually flat . 
BankAmerica 's profit jumped 34 % in the third quarter . 
Not even an earthquake . 
With great aplomb he considers not only filial devotion and ( utterly repressed ) sexual love , but British anti-Semitism , the gentry 's impatience with democracy and support of Hitler , and the moral problematics of loyalty : `` It is , in practice , simply not possible to adopt such a critical attitude towards an employer and at the same time provide good service ... . 
Strict new regulations seem certain to pass the state House in Pennsylvania next week , with easy approval by the Senate and by Democratic Gov. Bob Casey expected shortly thereafter . 
Durable goods orders slipped 0.1 % in September , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models . 
The refinancing is part of the TVA 's strategy of dealing with what has been an intractable problem : its staggering $ 18.5 billion debt , most of which is owed to the Treasury Department 's Federal Financing Bank . 
Amdura 's bridge loan , part of the financing for Amdura 's acquisition of CoastAmerica in December 1988 , was to come due next Friday . 
If we had , it might have scared us off , '' he says . 
And by late Friday afternoon , actually after the close , we decided that was the wrong tone to take . 
The new directors are Gordon M. Sprenger , president and chief executive officer of LifeSpan Inc. , and Peter S. Willmott , chairman and chief executive officer of Willmott Services Inc . 
The couple could n't be reached for comment and apparently have left Rockford , law enforcement officials report . 
The appeals involved DES , which was approved by the Food and Drug Administration for use from the 1940s until 1971 to prevent miscarriages during pregnancy . 
Despite some early computer-guided program buying , the Nasdaq composite fell 1.39 to 451.37 . 
First National Bank of Boston , for example , is offering certain new depositors an extra quarter of a percentage point on six-month and 12-month CDs . 
John Blodgett agrees -- and he ought to know . 
Executives at Olivetti , whose earnings have been steadily sliding over the past couple of years , have acknowledged that in the past they have lagged at getting new technology to market . 
Nevertheless , on Capitol Hill , where the information was released yesterday at a Senate banking subcommittee hearing , lawmakers said they are worried that financial institutions are routinely discriminating against minorities . 
L.J. Hooker 's planned sale of Merksamer is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
His interest in the natural environment dates from his youth . 
Mips also wants to wedge into markets other than traditional RISC applications such as engineering ; Mips said the new machine will also be used by businesses and for communications . 
In Japan , many desktop terminals are limited to one function and ca n't communicate with other machines . 
The year-earlier results have been restated to reflect an accounting change . 
USACafes , which is nearly half-owned by Sam and Charles Wyly of Dallas , said it will distribute proceeds from the sale to unit holders as a liquidating dividend as soon as possible . 
The overcapacity problem has intensified in recent years , with foreign auto makers beginning car and truck production in the U.S. . 
Mr. Chan now produces 1,000 bicycle and motorbike tires a month and 1,000 tins of tire-patching glue in the son 's small house . 
If you start saving for your child 's eduction on Jan. 1 , 1990 , here 's the monthly sum you will need to invest to pay for four years at Yale , Notre Dame and University of Minnesota . 
`` If you are already producing at 95 % or 100 % of your capacity , what 's the good to be told you can produce at 105 % of capacity ? '' asked Mr. Al-Chalabi . 
`` This whole experience has been an opportunity for internal growth , '' he says . 
In their new contract this year , American Telephone & Telegraph Co. and the Communications Workers of America agreed to look for `` prompt and lasting national solutions '' to rising health-care costs . 
Offices were set up in San Francisco and San Jose . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Among other changes , the White House wants to : 
When he is presented with a poster celebrating the organization 's 20th anniversary , he recognizes a photograph of one of the founders and recalls time spent together in Camden . 
Nearly half of those who joined health clubs said they did n't use their membership as often as they planned . 
But then Judge O'Kicki often behaved like a man who would be king -- and , some say , an arrogant and abusive one . 
But in recent weeks , construction-industry sources reported that early preparation work was slowing at the 185-acre site . 
Bulgaria 's government has been behaving beyond the pale for months , and the U.S. does its values no credit by ignoring that while casting its votes into the past . 
One of those was in Hollister , Calif. , near the earthquake 's epicenter . 
Call it anecdotal if you will . 
Tokyu Development Corp. is spending $ 500 million to build American-style luxury homes in suburban Tokyo with rarely seen back yards , front yards , swimming pools and tennis courts . 
`` Claims range from a scratched fender -- and there were an awful lot of cars damaged in this -- to a major processing plant , '' a spokesman said . 
The average unemployment rate in the 15 biggest industrialized democracies was steady in August at the 6.1 % rate of the two previous months , the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development ( OECD ) said . 
Real good , '' says 39-year-old Pete Broberg , working in the midday heat of the Tropics camp . 
During the almost seven-year-old economic expansion , inflation-adjusted gross national product , disposable personal income and personal consumption expenditures have risen 30 % , but inflation-adjusted consumer installment credit has surged 66 % . 
`` I think I had to prove myself to her , '' says Mr. McDuffie . 
The Japanese industrialist has coughed up at least $ 2 million , the Japanese government has put up just about as much , or so it is reported and at least one estimate puts the total tab at $ 7 million . 
Although major U.S. manufacturers have all but ceded the main segment of that future business to Japan , not everyone here is ready to give up . 
Georgia Gulf Corp. , hurt by declining sales and falling chemical prices , said third-quarter earnings fell 13 % to $ 46.1 million from $ 53.1 million in the year-earlier period . 
Yesterday , four days after an unusual parliamentary defeat for the ruling party , Mr. Gandhi called elections for the lower house of Parliament on Nov. 22 and 24 . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said he intends to use Senate procedures to force advocates of the tax cut to come up with at least 60 votes before they can address the issue . 
The stock gained $ 2.75 Thursday to close at a then-52 week high . 
A reading below 50 % indicates that the manufacturing industry is slowing while a reading above 50 % suggests that the industry is expanding . 
A decline in truck production more than offset a sharp rise in auto assemblies , the Fed noted . 
The panel is expected to add provisions waiving restrictions on the use of federal highway funds and may also shift money within the package to bolster the share for the Small Business Administration . 
In addition , he says , publishing the names of lawyers who are facing charges unnecessarily subjects them to public derogation . 
But Mr. Redmond said the worm hit universities that had n't elected to make the changes . 
In the midst of a labor shortage , he proposes linking city subsidies to businesses to their record of hiring New York City residents . 
The Sandinista government and the U.S.-backed insurgents agreed in March to suspend offensive operations , but there has been sporadic fighting . 
Municipal Issues 
Kim Schwartz , a spokesperson for the American Red Cross in Los Angeles , said television and radio stations in San Francisco played a `` very positive role '' by providing the address of 28 shelters of the Red Cross and by giving out the Red Cross number for contributions to help earthquake victims ( 1-800-453-9000 ) . 
Mr. Roman , 59 years old , abruptly announced he will leave the venerable ad agency , whose largest client is American Express , to become American Express 's executive vice president for corporate affairs and communications . 
Mr. Breeden , not missing a chance to press his agenda , cited the earthquake . 
`` My belief is always , if you 've got a settlement , you read it into the record . '' says Judge Jenkins , now known in his courthouse as `` Shake 'Em Down Jenkins . '' 
All of that is just for starters , or so the hundreds of thousands of Eastern Europeans in the streets seem to hope and are certainly demanding . 
The devices could help indicate when surgery would help , says Charles Tator , a University of Toronto neurosurgeon . 
He said it is n't certain whether Discovision 's current management will remain when Pioneer buys the company . 
The pilots could play hardball by noting they are crucial to any sale or restructuring because they can refuse to fly the airplanes . 
Sales were nearly identical to the year-earlier $ 1.36 billion . 
Mr. Pinola is president and chief operating officer of Penn Mutual Life Insurance Co . 
The compromise bill passed the House last week but has now provoked jurisdictional fights with the Senate Foreign Relations Committee , which jealously protects its prerogatives over operations at the State Department . 
They insist that CFCs are damaging the earth 's stratospheric ozone layer , which screens out some of the sun 's ultraviolet rays . 
Mr. Gintel owns 300,000 of the company 's 6.3 million common shares outstanding . 
Some of Mr. Peladeau 's ventures , including an earlier push into the U.S. market , have n't paid off on the bottom line . 
West German Environment Minister Klaus Toepfer said Bonn is convinced of the need for cooperation , `` especially with our neighbors in the East , because we are directly affected by their ecological progress or lack of it . '' 
Letting officials express their own nuances can be educational . 
Ms. Bartlett blithely suggested calling upon `` semi-skilled garden club workers for maintenance . '' 
Mr. Digate says his firm , Beyond Inc. , has licensed technology known as Information Lens from Massachusetts Institute of Technology and plans to develop it for commercial use . 
Charles Schellke , an analyst with Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said some investors apparently expected slightly better revenue growth . 
Last month , the complaints intensified and the massages ended . 
`` There is a lot of attention paid to housing as a form of household wealth , '' says Edward N. Wolff , professor of economics at New York University . 
The outlook for corporate earnings is fairly bleak . 
It helps to keep out unions . 
In return , the Senate panel has dropped efforts to enact legislation requiring the administration to inform it within 48 hours of the launching of any covert activity . 
Inside the grid were 24 of these plant cells jammed full of clutter . 
He recently trimmed his portfolio of International Paper , Dow Chemical , Quantum Chemical , International Business Machines and Digital Equipment . 
Mr. Azoff also was eager to return to a more entrepreneurial role in which he had a big financial stake in his own efforts . 
`` Carr told Kodak on many occasions to avoid various features because of Polaroid 's patent positions , '' and Kodak followed his advice in every instance , Mr. Crary said . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents in over-the-counter trading , to $ 11.25 . 
Third-quarter net was $ 40 million , or $ 1.04 a share , from $ 54.4 million , or $ 1.47 a share , a year ago . 
Shvartzer is a derogatory Yiddish word for a black person . 
It all adds up to a cold winter here . 
All of this is bad news for the big brokerage firms such as Shearson and Merrill Lynch & Co. that have big `` retail , '' or individual-investor , businesses . 
Consumers have been accustomed to buying soft-drinks at discounted prices for several years . 
The rally spread into European markets , where traders were still betting that the earthquake disrupted the San Francisco area 's large oil refining plants . 
At 11.1 % of gross national product , U.S. health costs already are the highest in the world . 
Mrs. Marcos 's trial is expected to begin in March . 
When the lease expires in 1999 , he says , `` It 's got to be changed . '' 
The expansion will set off a marketing war among the big hotel-casinos . 
But trading was very sketchy , as investment decision makers remain wary from gyrations and upsets of recent weeks . 
Any push for a Gorbachev vision of a `` common European home , '' implying the eventual dissolution of the EC , a Soviet-German partnership and the withdrawal of U.S. forces , `` would be a very , very serious problem , '' he says . 
`` I do n't talk about my work , '' he says . 
The going rate for a small personal computer that costs about $ 2,000 in the West is anywhere from 50,000 to 100,000 rubles . 
Some analysts say investors will begin paying more attention to earnings , partly in response to the latest round of disappointments . 
Mr. Stevens declined to give the specific contributions to the $ 50 million guarantee from each participant . 
The result was a world-famous trial exposing profound cultural conflicts in American life between the `` smart set , '' whose spokesman was H.L. Mencken , and the religious fundamentalists , whom Mencken derided as benighted primitives . 
They are coming to publishers looking for ideas . 
The Amex Market Value Index recorded its sharpest gain of the year by climbing 4.74 to 382.81 . 
It implies that the British Empire was rooted in its subjects ' minds , manners and morals , and argues , tacitly , that its self-destructive flaws were embodied in the defensive snobbery , willful blindness , role-playing and especially the locutions of its domestic servants . 
But pipeline companies estimate they still face $ 2.4 billion in liabilities from unresolved disputes , including $ 1 billion they fear they wo n't be able to pass on to customers . 
But there 's another side to Mr. Krenz . 
His recent appearance at the Metropolitan Museum , dubbed `` A Musical Odyssey , '' was a case in point . 
This picture is about a middle-aged son who makes sure that his delayed bond with his father will last by waiting to cement it until just before the old man dies . 
Concord New Horizons Corp. , creators of a 1988 movie called Nam Angels , used the gang 's name and trademarks without authorization , the not-for-profit corporation says in a complaint filed in federal court . 
The trust then issues securities -- generally due in five years or less -- that are underwritten by Wall Street brokerage firms and offered to investors . 
The closely held supermarket chain named Frank Nicastro vice president and treasurer . 
The White House warned that this would be an unconstitutional usurpation of its power . 
Finally , Prince Rainier and Princess Grace saved her with the offer of a house in Monaco . 
Indeed , the potential losses make any rescue scheme unlikely unless the politicians once again change tack and agree to pick up the bill , analysts said . 
Today , the Treasury will sell $ 10 billion of new two-year notes . 
The maker of document image processing equipment said the state procurement division had declared FileNet in default on its contract with the secretary of state uniform commercial code division . 
Like other East Bloc countries , Poland possesses environmental laws more honored in their breach than in their observance . 
EVEREX SYSTEMS INC. , Fremont , maker of personal computers and peripherals , annual sales of $ 377 million , OTC , had minor damage and was almost fully operational yesterday . 
Some scenes : -- Saturday morning , a resident was given 15 minutes to scurry into a sagging building and reclaim what she could of her life 's possessions . 
NASA said it will take about a week before it knows exactly how many centers of the 6,000 connected to Internet were affected and the extent of the damage , if any . 
For the nine months , Conrail earnings grew 0.4 % to $ 229 million , or $ 3.34 a share , from $ 228 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
They long made little effort here . 
Gen. Scowcroft is particularly well-versed in arms control , and Mr. Gates has spent years studying Soviet politics and society . 
`` Country people breed pigs , '' says Mr. Chojnowski , leaning against the back of his truck . 
Of Morgan Stanley 's 66.8 million shares in program trades for the month , 53.1 million were in stock-index arbitrage trades . 
-- LABOR . 
This time , it just got stronger and then the building started shaking violently up and down as though it were a child 's toy block that was being tossed . 
Communist officials this month have faced nearly daily pro-democracy protests , accompanied by the flight to the West by thousands of East Germans . 
Sea Containers will soon set a date for its annual shareholder meeting to seek holder approval for the offer . 
`` It is n't investing . '' 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
The average yield on six-month CDs of $ 50,000 and less slipped to 7.96 % from 8.00 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , an information service based here . 
Both stocks have dividend yields of about 5 % and will go ex-dividend Wednesday . 
Mr. Mulford , responding to critics of intervention , also said intervention is `` highly visible , '' is taken seriously by financial markets and works better than `` was recognized some time ago . '' 
One new investment style called `` asset allocation '' shifts portfolio weightings between stocks , bonds and cash when computer models say one is more attractive . 
But in its ruling last April , the New York court said that all producers of the anti-miscarriage drug should share liability when the manufacturer of a specific dose ca n't be determined . 
Some residents defied orders and returned to `` red '' buildings to retrieve goods . 
Hokuriku Electric Power Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of 8 7\/8 % bonds due Nov. 20 , 1996 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 8.90 % less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
Sterling was already showing some signs of a lack of confidence in Mr. Lawson 's promise Friday . 
Sir Richard is also a non-executive director at National Westminister Bank and NatWest Investment Bank Ltd . 
4:02 a.m . 
The inquiry also will cover the actions of Charles Keating Jr. , who is chairman of American Continental Corp. , Lincoln 's parent , and who contributed heavily to several U.S. senators . 
Massachusetts , which has lost jobs in the computer and defense-related industries , was the weakest link in bleak New England . 
But the nations of Europe and North America have decided they know better . 
Enviropact said the two divisions account for about $ 8 million of the company 's $ 20 million in annual revenue . 
Columbia owes its spectacular growth in recent years to its junk-bond portfolio , the largest of any U.S. thrift . 
At a June EC summit , Mrs. Thatcher appeared to ease her opposition to full EMS membership , saying Britain would join once its inflation rate fell and the EC liberalized capital movements . 
Other key economic indicators due this week include today 's release of the September leading indicators index and new-home sales . 
Sandoz said it expects a `` substantial increase '' in consolidated profit for the full year , barring major currency rate changes . 
Traders said the market remains extremely nervous because of the wild swings seen on the New York Stock Exchange last week . 
On a video screen , riders can see 30 different `` rides , '' including urban , mountain and desert scenes , and check how many calories are burned a minute . 
IMA is a group that includes First Boston Corp. and the Pritzker family of Chicago through the leveraged buy-out fund Harry Gray Melvyn Klein & Partners . 
Mips will start shipping its new machine in the first quarter of 1990 , he said . 
While that could make it vulnerable to a veto by Mr. Bush , Democrats argue that a presidential rejection would give their party a valuable issue in next year 's congressional elections . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton declined to comment . 
It held that Testa is taxable on $ 44,400 of unreported income . 
The prime minister of Aruba has said it could cost around $ 100 million . 
Under the proposed agreement , Gold Texas holders will receive 1.43 Crown shares for each of the 1.1 million Gold Texas shares not owned by Crown , which already owns 65 % . 
In a crush of trucks and horse carts on the trodden field , Andrzej Latowski wrestles a screeching , overweight hog into the trunk of a private butcher 's Polish Fiat . 
ORACLE SYSTEMS CORP. , Belmont , provider of computer programming and software services , annual sales $ 584 million , four of 12 offices and buildings in the Belmont and San Mateo areas were closed , 95 % of computer and telephone systems are operating , expects to be back to full operation by the end of the week . 
The White House called on Congress to attach the proposed capital-gains tax cut to its final deficit-reduction bill , but lawmakers seem likely to balk at the idea . 
Excluding earnings from discontinued operations a year earlier , net fell only 2 % . 
As long as we believe that all Americans , of every race and ethnic background , have common interests and can live together cooperatively , our political map should reflect our belief . 
Dumez said group profit after payments to minority interests rose to 252 million francs ( $ 40.1 million ) from 148 million a year earlier . 
`` It 's a major issue , and they would n't want to leave it at a lower level , '' says Stephen Glazier , a New York attorney whose writings have been instrumental in pushing the idea that a president already has a line-item veto . 
Mr. Gorbachev is in a much stronger position to pursue the corporatist ideal than was Mussolini , who was never able to influence business giants such as Pirelli and Fiat . 
`` Keep some money available for opportunities , '' he says . 
`` That 's antithetical to the art of selling . '' 
Sperry merged with Burroughs Corp. to become Unisys Corp. in late 1986 . 
That analysis matches up with stock traders ' reports that , despite the huge drop in the stock , UAL has n't returned to the level at which it could attract buying by institutions solely on the basis of earnings . 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered the rating on Crossland 's preferred stock to double-C from single-B-minus and placed it on CreditWatch for possible further downgrade . 
Exact comparisons with the previous year were unavailable because of a change in the company 's fiscal calendar . 
The market 's tempo was helped by the dollar 's resiliency , he said . 
The company , which makes computer parts said fiscal 1989 earnings were `` down slightly '' from $ 3.2 million , or 74 cents a share , in fiscal l988 . 
This means `` tracking , '' whose main purpose is less to permit the gifted youngsters to flourish ( though that is clearly desirable ) than to ensure that the less gifted get the necessary grounding for further study or for entering the modern world of work . 
The note would accrue interest at the rate of 13.5 % a year , which would be payable to the fund after five years , according to Stephen E. Roulac , a real estate consultant working for the fund . 
That means goods could be manufactured closer to customers , saving shipping costs , he said . 
Earlier rate reductions in Texas and California reduced the quarter 's revenue and operating profit $ 55 million ; a year earlier , operating profit in telephone operations was reduced by a similar amount as a result of a provision for a reorganization . 
`` Champ '' Chandler 's last pitch , apparently , was a screwball . 
Democrat Gene Taylor won a special election to fill the congressional seat vacated by the death of Republican Larkin Smith , taking back the GOP 's lone redoubt in Mississippi 's House delegation . 
Pretax earnings declined 1.3 % . 
Mr. Witman likes the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Money Market Fund , with a seven-day compound yield just under 9.5 % . 
He does n't fully succeed , although Mr. Straszheim lists an array of interest-rate scenarios . 
Marks declared an interim per-share dividend of 1.85 pence , compared with 1.7 pence a year earlier . 
Already Chrysler has closed the Kenosha , Wis. , plant it acquired when it bought American Motors Corp. in 1987 . 
One technique developed by some of these companies involves a chemical spray supposed to kill only a plant 's pollen . 
Joe F. Lynch , the 56-year-old chairman and chief executive officer of First Continental Real Estate Investment Trust , was named to the new post of vice chairman of this bank holding company . 
A search party soon found the unscathed aircraft in a forest clearing much too small to have allowed a conventional landing . 
Norris McLaughlin is a general-practice firm that has expanded recently into such specialties as banking , labor and environmental work . 
Maureen Fraser , an economist with W.I. Carr , a subsidiary of France 's Banque Indosuez , believes that the territory may not be able to regain its momentum until some time after 1997 . 
In passing the window , Senorita Elvira gives them a smile -- simply out of habit . 
In the late 1960s some CPAs failed to correct such abuses as clients picking permissive rules that hyped earnings and stock prices . 
Dick Darman , call your office . 
Such a policy implies that only a black politician can speak for a black person , and that only a white politician can govern on behalf of a white one . 
He no longer crowds the plate . 
CDs sold by major brokerage houses , which like jumbo CDs tend to closely follow interest rate trends , also posted larger drops in yields . 
And there were other blunders . 
Among pharmaceutical shares , Chugai lost 60 yen to 2,290 yen ( $ 16.20 ) , and Mochida fell 150 to 4,290 . 
Most analysts do n't expect the new mainframes to begin contributing significantly to revenue before the fiscal first quarter , which begins next July 1 . 
And Mr. Smalling does n't believe they 're worth all that much now . 
`` He had an elegant uniform with gold buttons in a country where there was a cult of militarism , where officers were the elite with special privileges , '' recalls Darien Ayala , a fellow student in Peru and a lifelong friend . 
Lawmakers in Hungary approved legislation granting amnesty to many people convicted of crimes punishable by less than three years in prison . 
Closed End Bond Funds 
That plan would leave existing preferred shareholders with at least a 41 % stake and give common shareholders as little as 13 % . 
As there is an effort to `` anchor the dollar '' either to gold or other currencies , the dispute is worth examining . 
Early in 1987 , Mr. Honecker and his team stopped paying thin compliments to Mr. Gorbachev and joined with Romania in rejecting any necessity for adjustments in their systems . 
Even though the over-the-counter market usually does n't fall by as much as listed stocks during program-selling blitzes , he said , `` when the market does recover , the damage is done and it leaves Nasdaq down more than the Big Board . '' 
Through August , the top five program trading firms in volume were Morgan Stanley & Co. , Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Merrill Lynch & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Mr. Tonkin , who has been feuding with the Big Three since he took office earlier this year , said that with half of the nation 's dealers losing money or breaking even , it was time for `` emergency action . '' 
Lawyers remain divided about whether anything is wrong with all this . 
The Maxwell deal is Quebecor 's second big printing acquisition in just over a year . 
He simply ca n't stomach the taste of Heinz , she says . 
Kodak wo n't disclose the cost or when its converter will be on the market , but it 's estimated the machine may be available within two years . 
`` We expect they will be current with their debts by the end of the week , but we are considering asking them for letters of credit before we take more orders . '' 
Interest rate-sensitive shares such as steel , construction and electric utility companies , which rose early in the week , saw their advance weaken yesterday . 
Jerome Kern , Tele-Communications ' chief outside counsel , said he was n't aware of Time 's legal plans . 
For the first nine months of 1989 , Central earned $ 2 million . 
As it happens , the Nasdaq composite did continue to fall for two days after the initial plunge . 
That put the `` seven '' of Oct. 17 in perspective for me . 
The tentative agreement between the IRS and Nelson Bunker Hunt is awaiting U.S. Justice Department approval . 
A Coke spokesman said he could n't say whether that is the direction of the talks . 
The $ 40-a-share proposal values the company at about $ 106.6 million . 
Jack Kemp has submitted a package of reforms , and they are surely headed for the Capitol Hill sausage-grinder . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Contel closed at $ 33.75 a share , down .50 cents . 
The curator , 27-year-old Sherman Krisher of Greenwich , Conn. , had worked his way up from janitor in seven years at the museum . 
Deutsche Bank plummeted 12 to 645 , hurt by the general mood . 
One reason : efforts to protect the spotted owl led to restrictions on logging in the Pacific Northwest , constricting supply and forcing prices up . 
Sen. Boren happily told reporters that there had been `` a meeting of the minds '' with the White House , and that the committee had given Mr. Bush `` a clean slate , '' free of the impediments imposed during the Reagan years . 
Anti-Jones sentiment flooded the local press : `` A crude obnoxious hick , '' said one writer ; `` a real oink , '' said another ; `` Who in the hell does he think he is ? '' wrote a third . 
Officials of the state agency did n't have any immediate explanation why the reinforcement did n't hold up . 
The Parks Council wrote the BPCA that this `` too ` private ' ... exclusive , '' complex and expensive `` enclosed garden ... belongs in almost any location but the waterfront . '' 
Net was $ 192.1 million , or $ 3.33 a share , compared with net of $ 293.7 million , or $ 5.13 a share , the year earlier . 
Maxwell agreed to sell its U.S. printing unit to Quebecor for $ 500 million , making Quebecor the No. 2 commercial printer in North America . 
Moreover , unlike Mr. Buffett , who often holds big stakes in companies for years , Mr. Steinhardt has n't in the past done much long-term investing . 
Elsewhere in the oil sector , Exxon rallied 7\/8 to 45 3\/4 ; Amoco rose 1\/8 to 47 ; Texaco was unchanged at 51 3\/4 , and Atlantic Richfield fell 1 5\/8 to 99 1\/2 . 
Charles A. Donohoo , sole proprieter of a Louisville , Ky. , demolition company , was found guilty of violating the Superfund law as well as the Clean Air Act . 
Nippon Air Brake Co . ( Japan ) -- 140 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
The benchmark 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 10\/32 to 111 14\/32 to yield 10.14 % , while the Treasury 's 12 % notes due 1995 rose 7\/32 to 103 5\/8 to yield 11.04 % . 
Newly acquired assets would get a bigger break than those currently held . 
By contrast , the Los Angeles Times , for example , uses 83 % recycled paper . 
Officials familiar with the bank talks said the UAL buy-out group -- UAL pilots , management , and British Airways PLC -- is now willing to pay higher bank fees and interest , but is n't likely to boost its $ 965 million equity contribution . 
Within discretionary funds for community development grants , more than $ 3.7 million is allocated to six projects in Michigan , home state of a subcommittee chairman , Rep. Bob Traxler . 
Martin Fabi , Innopac 's president and chief executive , said Innopac viewed Mr. Pattison 's decision to seek control as a `` very positive '' move . 
Excluding those receipts , the government deficit would have totaled about # 2.5 billion in the first six months , compared with # 1.3 billion a year earlier , the Treasury said . 
U.S. brandy exports more than doubled last year to 360,000 proof gallons , a standard industry measure , according to Jobson Beverage Alcohol Group , an industry association . 
An official at Wako Securities said these investors feel the need to make quick profits , despite destabilizing external factors , such as political uncertainty tied to the ruling party 's fate at next year 's Lower House elections - an event which could directly affect the stock market . 
After discovering that the hacker had taken over the dormant account of a legitimate user named Joe Sventek , he rigged up an alarm system , including a portable beeper , to alert him when Sventek came on the line . 
In the wake of the failed Panama coup , a bumper sticker appears : `` Ollie Would Have Got Him . '' ... 
The CBS plan to use big-time sports as a platform for other series carries no guarantee of success , however . 
They also chart the evolution of a city that has grown tenfold in the author 's lifetime , from a colonial outpost of fez-wearing pashas to a Third World slum choking on its own refuse . 
The cornflake-size product was more comfortable and less prone to falling out than hard contact lenses , which had been around since 1939 . 
Officials of Vauxhall Motors Ltd. , GM 's British unit , were meeting with union leaders late yesterday in hopes of winning such an accord . 
The British prime minister was the only woman singled out by respondents , who put Soviet President Mikhail Gorbachev in second place ... . 
The company has $ 1 billion in debt filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The 1988-return project starts Jan. 1 and is to be done by May 31 , 1991 . 
Already , scientists are developing tests based on the newly identified genes that , for the first time , can predict whether an otherwise healthy individual is likely to get cancer . 
First and foremost , the vignettes presented by the various scientists represent a general consensus among specialists working in the respective aspects of the global environment . 
The ad campaign represents an unusual spirit of cooperation among resorts and ski equipment makers ; normally , they only run ads hyping their own products and facilities . 
While they acknowledge the president will attend several meals and a working session also attended by Mr. Ortega , they insist that Mr. Bush wo n't be extending the Nicaraguan leader any special courtesies . 
I 'm ashamed I own the stupid thing . '' 
Since they have a lower interest rate , they would n't fall under the junk-bond category that would lose its deductibility . 
According to figures from the International Air Transport Association , they carried a combined 1.8 million tons of freight last year . 
Mr. Patel agrees : `` There is no proper monitoring and screening of the use of these funds . 
FAR FEWER elderly nursing home residents bankrupt themselves than was previously believed , two recent studies declare . 
The claims , which were filed with the State Board of Control but will probably end up in court , are the first arising out of the collapse of the so-called Cypress structure viaduct . 
Mr. Siegel asked Mr. Freeman who his source was and , on hearing that it was Bunny Lasker , responded : `` Well , your bunny has a good nose . '' 
Nevertheless , Mr. Lupel anticipates no legal action to reverse the Illinois Supreme Court 's decision to institute the changes . 
`` In all honesty if you ask me , ` Is this man a true believer ? ' I do n't know , '' says John Fowler , head of the Washington-based Ad Hoc Committee in Defense of Life Inc . 
Cementing such relationships with major clients -- car and appliance makers -- is a means of survival , especially when those key clients are relying on a smaller pool of producers and flirting with plastic and aluminum makers . 
According to Fred Demler , metals economist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , New York , `` Highland Valley has already started operating and Cananea is expected to do so soon . '' 
But the news was even worse for Sears 's core U.S. retailing operation , the largest in the nation . 
As it bids for new agreements , new loans and indeed admission to the civilized world , the Soviet government has recognized it has a credibility problem . 
He would n't specify what it was . 
The fiscal 1989 budget deficit figure came out Friday . 
Meanwhile , Japanese bankers said they were still hesitant about accepting Citicorp 's latest proposal . 
Treasury bonds got off to a strong start , advancing modestly during overnight trading on foreign markets . 
Coda , an oil and gas concern , said it and its partners received $ 7 million in cash and $ 10 million in five-year notes for the Kansas intrastate pipeline . 
Though the epicenter of Tuesday 's temblor was located 10 miles north of the town of Santa Cruz , and 50 miles south of San Francisco , its havoc hopscotched up the coast in seemingly random fashion . 
The White Plains , N.Y. , oil company said Friday that it had acquired Tana Production Corp. , a subsidiary of TRT Energy Holdings Inc. , for $ 95.1 million in cash , with the rest to be paid in shares of a new , non-voting issue of preferred stock . 
Capital has been democratized , and people want in . 
`` We listened to the Chausson ` Poeme , ' '' he recalls , `` and she said , ` You hear the first note , that B-flat ? 
In the year-earlier quarter , the chemicals company had net of $ 49.8 million , or 75 cents a share . 
Researchers say the inactivation of tumor-suppressor genes , alone or in combination , appears crucial to the development of such scourges as cancer of the brain , the skin , kidney , prostate , and cervix . 
Waning demand reported by importers , retailers and even fancy restaurants all reinforce a profile of a community that is sharply tightening its belt . 
Ciba Corning makes clinical diagnostics systems and related products for the medical-care industry . 
They can ignore the S&P 500 stocks altogether and focus on particular types of stocks , such as smaller companies , those paying high dividends or companies in a particular industry , state or country . 
This avoids knocking down prices further . 
Meanwhile , SCI TV can barely pay its cash interest bill , and to stay out of bankruptcy court it must soon reschedule a lot of bank loans and junk bonds that have fallen due . 
But , they add that the mark 's strength is in part a reflection of a shift away from U.S. assets by Japanese investors into West German investments . 
But that rule is being virtually overlooked by Wall Street , which is concentrating on coping with the deduction issue . 
The death rate from lung cancer of white males aged 35 to 44 in the mid-1970s was 13.4 per 100,000 , but the mortality rate of the same age group in the mid-1980s was 9.6 , a decline of 28.7 % . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 . 
Furthermore , no bell has yet rung to announce the end of this immense episode of natural global warming . 
Meanwhile , the company 's board , which had said nothing publicly about investor Donald Trump 's recently withdrawn $ 7.5 billion offer for AMR , issued a statement condemning `` ill-conceived and reckless '' bids and saying it was `` pleased '' that Mr. Trump had backed out . 
Elsewhere , prices surged for a second day in Frankfurt , closed higher in Zurich , Stockholm and Amsterdam and were broadly lower in Milan , Paris and Brussels . 
Left-stream economists I associate with -- fellows in the Union of Radical Political Economists , most particularly Robert Pollin of the economics faculty at the University of California at Riverside -- were not hypnotized in the manner of their pliant colleagues . 
After four year of tinkering and $ 2.4 million in seed money , the board set up the new marketplace , titled it the Chicago Board Options Exchange , and named Sullivan its first president . 
`` It 's possible , though not probable , '' that the state could get by with its existing resources and federal help , said Quentin Kopp , chairman of the state senate 's transportation committee . 
Milton Roy recently fended off unsolicited overtures from Thermo Electron Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of biomedical products . 
But with no reports of either country actually entering the market , analysts said , futures prices became vulnerable . 
British government bonds ended slightly higher in quiet trading as investors looked ahead to today 's British trade report . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding conceded that British Satellite 's potential U.K. lenders `` are saying , ` When you 're on the air , you 'll { actually } get the money . ' '' 
But the effort is also being made to try and cause jurors not to decide things rationally . 
But consumer expenditure data released Friday do n't suggest that the U.K. economy is slowing that quickly . 
Insurance-related stocks were mixed as investors tried to figure out how to assess the impact of the property damage and deaths on those concerns . 
Japanese Reverse Tack On Patent Protection 
Furukawa Electric Co. , one of Japan 's leading electric wire and cable manufacturers , said unconsolidated pretax profit in the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 fell 5.3 % to 6.11 billion yen ( $ 43.1 million ) from 6.45 billion yen a year earlier . 
Paramount Communications rose 5\/8 to 58 3\/4 , Time Warner climbed 1 7\/8 to 138 5\/8 , Walt Disney advanced 3 1\/8 to 127 1\/2 , MCA rose 1 1\/8 to 65 5\/8 and McGraw-Hill added 1\/2 to 67 1\/8 . 
The exempt amount for beneficiaries under 65 will rise to $ 6,840 from $ 6,480 . 
Time Warner emphasized in a news release that it should be evaluated based on its cash flow , which the company defined as earnings before interest , taxes , depreciation and amortization . 
Lloyd 's of London said it plans to clamp down on the ability of underwriting syndicates to leave their annual accounts open beyond the customary three years . 
On New York 's Commodity Exchange Friday , gold for current delivery jumped $ 5.80 , to $ 378.30 an ounce , the highest settlement since July 12 . 
An Air Inter spokesman said , `` Because they { the EC } have doubts , we will work again on the text and the contents of the accord . 
That acquisition , to be completed by year end , will include the Cover Girl and Clarion makeup lines , making P&G the top marketer of cosmetics in mass-market outlets . 
Gov. George Deukmejian , who said he had been assured by state transportation officials that the structure could withstand an even larger quake , called for an immediate investigation . 
Now 's the time to make the political case that Presidents need the line-item weapon to restore discipline to the budget . 
However a Qintex Australia spokesman said his firm had never `` promised or guaranteed '' to make the payment . 
Already , the fight has been costly . 
But some traders thought there was less to the rally than met the eye . 
The company has stated in recently filed financial documents that it anticipates refinancing its March 1990 payments . 
As banks processed six-foot telexes of sell orders , the crush led to Manic Monday 's worst decline : German stocks ended down 13 % . 
On a commercial scale , the sterilization of the pollen-producing male part has only been achieved in corn and sorghum feed grains . 
The auto-dealer strip in this booming suburb runs nearly five miles along Cobb Parkway , stretching from the Perimeter highway that circles Atlanta to the `` Big Chicken , '' a pullet-roofed fast-food restaurant and local landmark . 
Witnesses shout , scream , pontificate : `` ... a dream that the planet could be saved from itself and from the sadistic dumb creatures who try to tear down every decent man who raises his voice . '' 
One group says the futures contribute to stock market volatility ; the other contends that futures are a sideshow of speculation that detracts from the stock market 's basic function of raising capital . 
One of the most prominent features is the requirement that in three years all exchanges have in place a system that records all trades by a source independent of the executing broker . 
To date , we see no clear indication that the government is serious about negotiations . 
It 's time business leaders and the general public learn that mankind does not rule over this natural environment but is rather the integral , symbiotic player within nature 's workings . 
The Tonawanda team determined that holdups for inspections were the main problem and identified which kinds of delays involved critical inspections and which were less critical or could be handled by workers already on the line . 
In New York society , Pat Buckley , the very social wife of author William Buckley , has the nicknames `` Mrs. Buckles '' and `` Patsy . '' 
Sheraton and Pan Am said they are assured under the Soviet joint-venture law that they can repatriate profits from their hotel venture . 
Anthony Broderick , the FAA 's acting executive director for regulatory standards and compliance , said that recent tests of the failed engine disk indicate that a flaw -- known as `` hard alpha '' -- occurred in the titanium during its production almost 20 years ago . 
Chevron Corp. , Amoco Corp. , Archer-Daniels-Midland Co. , and Eastman Kodak Co. are among the U.S. companies known to be considering such ventures . 
His chief advantage in the fight : his intimate knowledge of American ways and weaknesses . 
A year ago , the Minneapolis glass products and aluminum window maker earned $ 4 million , or 30 cents a share , on revenue of $ 114 million . 
Analysts insist that even without help from a shaky stock market , which provided a temporary boost for bonds during the Oct. 13 stock market plunge , bond prices will start to climb on the prospects that the Federal Reserve will allow interest rates to move lower in the coming weeks . 
Spokespersons for both the trust and the company refused to comment on whether any talks with a possible acquirer of Manville had actually taken place . 
Then , flashing a diamond ring as big as the Ritz ( `` my day diamond , darling '' ) , she told her two companions that she is on the `` board '' of the Vatican Museum in Rome . 
Yale-New Haven Hospital sees no problem , says John Fenn , the chief of staff . 
Sales slipped 1.3 % to $ 2.82 billion from $ 2.86 billion . 
It may also stipulate that the insured must pass another medical exam before renewal ; if you flunk -- which means you need insurance more than ever -- you may not be able to buy it . 
People were interested in seeing him , but it was recognized that the route was through Sotheby 's and particularly George Wachter . '' 
Asked about that the other day , he replied , `` Anti-Semitic ? 
Heidelberg 's first ads for the brand , which Sibra says will compete with imported light beer leader Amstel Light , feature the line `` The best tasting light beer you 've ever seen . 
For Gorky , Mr. Helpern provided an aural collage of Debussy and Rachmaninoff , which is less a score than a separate character with a distinct point of view . 
`` At some point , it will become non-economical for one company . 
Tomorrow , Warner will file another batch of documents contending that `` the essence of everything these guys are saying is basically lies , '' says Warner 's chief outside counsel , Stuart Rabinowitz . 
When Mr. Korotich took it over in 1986 , it sold 250,000 copies ; today it sells 3.4 million . 
The SEC reassigned trading in the options , however , to allow investors to do more than simply exercise the options . 
Who ya gon na call ? 
The new accusations come at a delicate time in U.S. efforts to bring about talks between Israel and Palestinian representatives . 
Permission is far from automatic : The soviets have the legal right to turn down applications and impose conditions , and they appear to be exercising these powers . 
`` Many members feel there are important features of the House bill that should be enacted , '' Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) said . 
Sorting out the wreckage is expected to take several days . 
In such a climate , utility stocks look good to him . 
They said the agreement will be submitted to their respective supervisory boards next Wednesday . 
Eight Oakland players hit homers , with centerfielder Dave Henderson getting two , both on Friday . 
`` We are n't forced sellers . 
Under the new rules , the officials will have to secure additional information and reports from actuaries , including an assessment of whether officials have acted reasonably . 
Individuals close to the Ford side of the negotiations said late last week that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker lost interest as it became clear that the Swedish auto maker 's automotive operations had little to offer in the way of image or technology . 
Nevertheless , Oregon Sen. Bob Packwood , the ranking GOP member on the tax-writing Senate Finance Committee , last night introduced his plan as an amendment to a pending measure authorizing U.S. aid for Poland and Hungary . 
That was another reason the Street loved Santa Fe . 
At the moment , he intends to keep the firm 's 180,000 Jaguar shares . 
`` When they are buying back stock at 10 times earnings , they are suggesting that the rate of return on competing internal projects is below '' returns on the stock . 
David D. Lung was appointed president and chief operating officer of this maker of building materials for manufactured homes and recreational vehicles . 
Great Northern Nekoosa reacted coolly to Georgia-Pacific 's takeover bid of $ 58 a share , or $ 3.19 billion , though the suitor said all terms are negotiable . 
Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. 's net income rose 29 % on a modest 9 % increase in revenue in the third quarter , mainly on strong advertising demand at its ABC television network operation . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Bank Building closed at $ 4 a share , down 62.5 cents . 
Earlier this month , the company said it expected to break even for the quarter on sales of $ 530 million . 
Premium Government National Mortgage Association securities with coupon rates of 13 % and higher actually declined amid concerns about increased prepayments because of a plan being considered by Congress to speed the refinancing of government-subsidized mortgages . 
The new 3090s due next week will boost performance by only about 8 % to 10 % . 
Second , the $ 5,760 I 'd get back would be much diminished in purchasing power by 10 years of inflation ; Amex , not I , would get the benefit of the investment income on my money , income that would have exceeded the inflation rate and thus given the company a real profit . 
The Soviets ' eavesdropping paid off , however , because they got the contract . 
Actually , `` we do n't get much negative publicity about this , '' he insists , `` except for the press who write about it . '' 
Polymerix makes lumber-like materials that it describes as `` plastic wood . '' 
I 'm not going to do anything that is not acceptable in anyone 's home . 
The center will provide space for computer hardware and facsimile and other telecommunications equipment , not readily accessible in Poland now , for a growing number of Westerners doing business in Eastern Europe . 
This { Wednesday } morning the San Mateo bridge was open and now we are informed that it is closed , '' Mr. Schumacher said . 
Most junk bonds , which have been battered in recent weeks , continued a slow recuperation and ended unchanged to slightly higher . 
`` That 's what the naczelnik counts on . 
`` I was flabbergasted , '' Tatsuhara Yamane , head of the bureau , was quoted by Kyodo news service as saying . 
The administration also acknowledges that it is n't pursuing Mr. Reagan 's original vision of an `` impenetrable shield '' protecting the whole U.S. , but rather a more modest version . 
The company agreed definitively to be acquired by Ogden Corp. in a stock swap valued at about $ 82.5 million . 
Most National Council members are themselves disabled or are parents of children with disabilities . 
That cost rises in times of high market volatility . 
He added that the U.S. has cut off aid to some rebel units when it was determined that those units broke the cease-fire . 
He predicts a downward move in dollar-mark trade and a less dramatic slip in dollar-yen , noting that there continues to be a large pool of Japanese investor interest in U.S. securities , which could provide a solid base for the dollar at around 140 yen . 
Profits from U.S. exploration and production operations totaled $ 58 million , after the property sale loss , compared with a year-earlier $ 44 million loss that included a $ 16 million reorganization charge . 
Another of Mr. Roberts 's criticisms is that Bank lending has done more harm than good `` by implanting the wrong incentives and deflecting energy away from economic development . '' 
The two leaders will meet on Dec. 2 and 3 , alternating the two days of meetings between a U.S. and a Soviet naval vessel in the Mediterranean Sea . 
Why does n't he just follow through on one of these things ? '' 
In Mr. Sohmer 's film , by contrast , we are urged to share the perverse excitement of the rapist creeping up on his victim , as the camera ogles Kate in various stages of undress and lingers on the sight of her trussed-up body during frequent flashbacks to the rape . 
In an age of specialization , the federal judiciary is one of the last bastions of the generalist . 
IBM is based in Armonk , N.Y . 
Besides that , some of the paintings that were to grace the walls of CenTrust actually ended up hanging in the chairman 's estate on La Gorce Isle off Miami Beach . 
Striking workers , who began striking five diamond mines on Oct. 13 , had returned to work last week when the union and De Beers arranged to reopen negotiations . 
Orkem said it eventually would seek to make a public share offering in its U.K. business . 
Simple policy prescriptions in this case would be to improve debt collection ( taking the gloves off contracted collection agencies ) and to deny new credit to defaulters . 
HE RODE HIS HOBBY , but he could n't milk it , the Tax Court says . 
It 's like saying , `` get me in now '' or `` get me out now . '' 
Analysts expect others to show a similar pattern . 
It Helps to Be Male 
`` It is fun competing as a private company , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
The Ministry of Health and Welfare is a ministry of doctors and pharmaceutical companies rather than an organization dedicated to protecting the health of the people . 
A year ago , net was $ 170.4 million , or $ 1.93 a share , on revenue of $ 5.3 billion . 
But the company said the political contributions had been made more than five years ago . 
The company , which also has businesses in life insurance , office products and hardware , and home-improvement products , said net income rose to $ 166.4 million , or $ 1.71 a share , from $ 146.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , a year earlier . 
Conventional wisdom has long held that anywhere from one-fourth to one-half of all elderly long-term care patients are obliged to spend themselves into poverty before qualifying for Medicaid assistance . 
Helmut Kohl 's governing conservative coalition is proving admirably true to the West German constitution by making more than 500,000 people of German descent automatic citizens this year alone . 
Second , it explains why voters hold Congress in disdain but generally love their own congressional representatives : Any individual legislator 's constituents appreciate the specific benefits that the legislator wins for them but not the overall cost associated with every other legislator doing likewise for his own constituency . 
Fannie Mae , a federally chartered , shareholder-owned corporation , operates a secondary market for mortgage loans , buying loans from lenders , packaging some into securities for sale to investors and keeping the rest in its portfolio . 
The University is seeking an injunction against the Merieux bid , arguing that Connaught 's predecessor company agreed in 1972 that Connaught 's ownership would n't be transferred to foreigners . 
But analysts say the company is also trying to prevent further price drops . 
The NAM embraces efforts , which both the administration and the medical profession have begun , to measure the effectiveness of medical treatments and then to draft medical-practice guidelines . 
`` Most people read 10 times more than necessary in order to find out what they really need . '' 
Burger King 's chief executive officer , Barry Gibbons , stars in ads saying that the fast-food chain will donate 25 cents to the Red Cross for every purchase of a BK Doubles hamburger . 
TransCanada is 49.1 % owned by Montreal-based holding company BCE Inc . 
That would be all right with Amex , which could then lock in its investment profit , but it does n't add up to a `` smart money '' move for me . 
The text by Patrick O'Connor is a tough read , but the pictures make her magnetism clear and help explain why Ernest Hemingway called Baker `` The most sensational woman anybody ever saw . 
However , if the secretary concludes that a transaction has made a carrier unfit to operate , the department may revoke its certificate , grounding the airline . 
So after 70 years , it is confessing the obvious , hoping to be believed about other things . 
Now they plan to sell us products that sift through all the information to give us what we really want to know . 
Exchange officials emphasized that the Big Board is considering a variety of actions to deal with program trading . 
The implication that if a congressman calls about a project in his district there 's something wrong , I think is most unfortunate . '' 
Study halls , complete with reference materials , will be available . 
Ferro Corp. said it will buy back as many as one million common shares . 
They predict that organized-crime activity will increase once the units are dissolved and their responsibilities transferred to U.S. attorneys ' offices . 
The measure is expected to move through this Congress . 
His point : It will be increasingly difficult for the U.S. to cling to command-and-control measures if even the East Bloc steps to a different drummer . 
`` The range of expectations is so broad , '' a dealer at another major U.K. brokerage firm said , `` the deficit may have to be nearer or above # 2 billion for it to have any impact on the market . '' 
In the filing , Crane said that in the past it considered seeking control of Milton Roy , of St. Petersburg , Fla. , through a merger or tender offer and that it expects to continue to evaluate an acquisition from time to time . 
( The lobby says no again . ) 
And the Ministry of Foreign Affairs works for itself , supporting Japanese diplomats who sprinkle abundant aid money around the world to ensure that their seat at the dinner table is next to the host 's . 
Mr. Ty lost control to the government in 1980 when a government bank made emergency loans to the cash-strapped institution . 
But from early on , Tiger 's workers unionized , while Federal 's never have . 
In a letter , prosecutors told Mr. Antar 's lawyers that because of the recent Supreme Court rulings , they could expect that any fees collected from Mr. Antar may be seized . 
Then , by voice vote , the Senate voted a pork-barrel bill , approved Thursday by the House , for domestic military construction . 
It also reflects the broader pressure on companies in Europe to keep up as the European Community prepares to reduce internal trade barriers by 1992 . 
Can a security analyst call an investment banker to make certain that a seemingly improbable rumor is in fact false ? 
For the nine months , earnings totaled $ 36.6 million , or $ 1.24 a share , down 46 % from $ 68.1 million , or $ 2.19 a share , a year earlier . 
For the killer and thief , Said Mahran , fame flows from the barrel of a gun . 
Short-term municipal bonds , bond funds and tax-deferred annuities are some of the choices they mention -- and not just as a way to get a higher return . 
In his letter to Committee Chairman Glenn Anderson ( D. , Calif. ) , the secretary also said the bill `` would be at odds with the administration 's policies welcoming open foreign investment and market allocation of resources . '' 
In the engine department , several companies displayed experimental models that within a decade could provide power equal to today 's engines and yet take up only half the space , allowing for shorter hoods . 
In the meantime , Russia gave Nicaragua another powerful radio transmitter , which has been installed in the city of Esteli . 
Officially , the statement is n't an attack on the Rafale . 
Mr. Redford is slowing down a mindless , speeding maniac known as the progress of mankind . 
`` We have no plans at this time to pay off those notes , '' he said . 
Rick Lynch , a former top salesman in Wang 's Boston office , referring to Wang 's mainstay computer line , says : `` You ca n't sell a VS to a new customer . '' 
DEC said its overseas business , which now accounts for more than half of sales , improved in the quarter . 
Later this season he gives a recital at Washington 's Kennedy Center , and appears as soloist with several major orchestras . 
A Fed spokesman denied Mr. LaFalce 's statement . 
Preparedness involves more than flashlights and fire alarms these days . 
The timing of his visit was fortuitous ; the man who had brought it in for an estimate had returned to collect it and was waiting in the hall . 
`` What I thought I was saying is that the market is troubled but still viable and , appropriately enough , quite quality-conscious , which is not at all bad , '' he says . 
The mines produced a total of 110,000 tons of copper in 1988 . 
Previously , an affiliate of Unicorp Canada disclosed a stake of less than 5 % in Nashua , according to Daniel M. Junius , Nashua 's treasurer . 
The following were among Friday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , PPG closed at $ 41 a share , down 37.5 cents . 
Employers Casualty , which reported a $ 53.9 million third-quarter loss late Friday , fell 2 1\/4 to 13 3\/4 . 
The average issue on Standard & Poor 's 500-stock Index gained 35 % last year , Ms. Farrell of PaineWebber says . 
Now there 's a new wrinkle in what young doctors want : More than half of 300 residents responding to recent survey said they 'd prefer a guaranteed salary over traditional fee-for-service compensation in their first professional position . 
The new structure would be similar to a recapitalization in which holders get a special dividend yet retain a controlling ownership interest . 
The company 's latest announcement said Mr. Waggoner will remain a director of Staar , a maker of products for small-incision surgery . 
Big Board traders praised the Jacobson specialists for getting through yesterday without a trading halt . 
Nevertheless , the 1989 deficit still exceeded the $ 136 billion target set by the Gramm-Rudman deficit-reduction law by $ 16 billion , a reminder of that law 's shortcomings . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
Star States plunged 3 1\/4 to 8 3\/4 on 207,000 shares . 
The proposal values the company 's real estate operation at $ 2 billion . 
But name-dropping has other benefits , often civic . 
`` Whatever you tried to change , whether it was cutting costs or attracting new partners , the big obstacle was the old union leadership , '' says oil consultant George Baker . 
`` This is one thing I was never aware of , '' he says . 
A quadrennial commission appointed by Health and Human Services Secretary Louis Sullivan is taking a broad look at the economics of Medicare for the elderly , Medicaid for the poor and the health system in general . 
Winnebago Industries slid 5\/8 to 5 1\/4 . 
He says these bonds should appreciate in value as some investors , reacting to the recent turmoil in the stock and high-yield junk bond markets , seek safer securities . 
Intel said it had corrected the problems and would start producing bugless chips next week . 
Gasoline terminals were also largely unhurt , they said . 
Mr. Stein said Woodstream is `` marginally profitable '' but has n't performed as well as expected . 
I was shaking the whole time . '' 
L.L. Bean hires about 2,700 workers for the season rush , about 300 more than last year ; Land 's End hires 2,000 . 
Mr. Bush even disclosed privately that one Reagan-era deal with Congress required him to notify the odious Panamanian dictator , Manuel Noriega , if the U.S. learned of a coup plot that might endanger his life . 
And real estate usually has n't traded well under public ownership . 
Output in the capital-goods sector was ahead 0.9 % on a monthly basis and 2.7 % year on year . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 16 , 1989 , through Oct. 19 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 24 . 
Designs call for an L-shaped structure with a playground in the center . 
In one phone call , ski buffs can make hotel and restaurant reservations , buy lift tickets , rent ski equipment and sign up for lessons . 
Buyers can look forward to double-digit annual returns if they are right . 
`` I do n't think it provides much new information on the economy , '' said Richard Rippe , economist at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
Even if the Congress ( I ) retains control of the government , Mr. Gandhi 's ability to push through major initiatives might be hobbled by a thinner majority . 
Factory output dropped 0.2 % , its first decline since February , after having been unchanged in October . 
Campeau 's financial situation is complicated by an estimated $ 1.23 billion in debt due next spring . 
GTE shut down its cafeteria Tuesday afternoon after testing determined that at least one cafeteria worker employed by GTE 's private food vending contractor , ARA Services Inc. , was suffering from a strain of the virus , officials said . 
More than 200 catalog outfits are promoting a low-cost Federal Express service that guarantees pre-Christmas delivery of orders made by a certain date . 
Mr. Ridley 's announcement set off a howl of protests from members of the opposition Labor Party , who accused the Thatcher administration of backing down on promised protection for a privatized company . 
Most of the mailers are free , but Denver-based Financial Programs sells , for $ 15 , a version customized to the age of the child and the college of choice . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
The four cases were all reported to GTE 's medical director and state and local health authorities . 
Mark Johnson , the producer of `` Rainman , '' chimes in : `` He has a great ability to hire terrific people and delegate authority ... . 
Last month its president , John S. Donnelly , resigned citing `` management differences '' with Mr. Kurzweil . 
Mr. Noriega was accused of ordering in 1985 the beheading of Hugo Spadafora , his most outspoken political opponent and the first man to publicly finger Mr. Noriega on drug trafficking charges . 
The two executives are among a number of outsiders recruited by Reebok in the past few years to help it make the transition from a small start-up company to a marketing giant with sales last year of $ 1.79 billion . 
Wells Rich 's New Partner 
To find parallels , other than sexual appeal , with Cleopatra , requires an equal stretch . 
In any matters between us and the Cubans there can be no simplicity , consequently I 've become familiar not only with Cuban art and artists , but also with Cuban bureaucrats and their counterparts in our own government . 
ADIA SERVICES INC. , Menlo Park , temporary personnel agency , annual sales of $ 504 million , OTC , said all 30 offices in Bay area were working , but in various states of disarray . 
By providing workers with the opportunity to move into the private sector where wages tend to be higher , and by holding out the promise of more consumer goods , Mr. Gorbachev hopes to revive the popularity of the party . 
There are moments in this `` Summerfolk '' when the characters populating the vast multilevel country house ( which looks like a parody of Frank Lloyd Wright and is designed by Victoria Petrovich ) spout philosophic bon mots with the self-conscious rat-a-tat-tat pacing of `` Laugh In . '' 
Last week , yields on long-term New York City general obligation bonds jumped half a percentage point . 
RMI Titanium Co. -- 15 million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
However , there 's a continuing dispute between machine tool makers and the Defense Department over whether sophisticated U.S. machine tools would increase the Soviet Union 's military might . 
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp. , Houston . 
Nothing in the annals of tuition readied parents for the 1980s . 
In 1988 , 31.6 % of blacks lived in poverty , compared with 10.1 % for whites and 26.8 % for Hispanics . 
The Panamanian affair is only the tip of a more alarming iceberg . 
In recent years , the airlines had waited until the last moment to court Christmas season vacationers with bargain fares . 
Thompson , a unit of WPP Group , will handle Faberge Organic shampoo and conditioner and Aqua Net hairspray . 
`` I 'm forever dumbfounded by what I see making these high prices . '' 
Since the late 1970s , California property owners have benefited from a tax rollback as a result of a state ballot initiative known as Proposition 13 . 
I had underestimated , however , both Mr. Gelbart 's wit and the persistence of scandal in Washington . 
Failure to win such a determination , however , would lead Comprehensive Care directors to `` consider various alternatives , '' Comprehensive Care said , without elaborating . 
The equity arrangement apparently would allow bondholders to buy a total of 10 % of the stock of CNW Corp. , Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
But they said Friday 's focus on the top-tier stocks telegraphed active overseas selling and showed the broad-based fears over the status of the U.K. economy and Britain 's currency in the wake of the upheaval in Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's cabinet . 
At Air Products , meanwhile , the mailroom staff opens junk mail and often throws it away -- even if addressed to an individual . 
But Hertz points out that at least it 's now charging only $ 3.95 a day in Texas , while some competitors are charging $ 6.99 . 
`` The anecdotal data certainly shows that some of the people were not aware of the rapid onset of hypoglycemia , '' Dr. Toseland said . 
Because of the interest connected with the issue , the London exchange took the unusual step of letting traders establish an officially sanctioned when-issued market . 
To win their seats on the council , these political leaders have had to listen to all the voices in their district and devise public policies that would benefit all . 
East Bloc pollution data typically have been state secrets . 
Some flight attendants on charter planes are putting in 20-hour work days , the study found . 
First , the price of natural gas will have to almost double . 
`` I 'm probably not going to vote for any capital-gains proposal . 
Now , with a semblance of normalcy returning , some advisers say it 's time for investors to take a hard , cold look at the stocks they own and consider some careful pruning . 
In turmoil caused by the previous Friday 's plunge in New York stocks , the Nikkei marked a sharp 647.33-point fall Monday . 
His brother , Parkhaji , whose head is swathed in a gorgeous crimson turban , nods vigorous assent . 
But Mr. Guber indicates in his affidavit that not all of the projects will be used . 
He believes Jaguar 's share price could zoom to between # 8 and # 10 ( $ 12.60 to $ 15.80 ) . 
When Westinghouse Electric Corp. shuttered its massive steam turbine plant in Lester , Pa. , three years ago , it seemed like the company had pulled the plug on its century-old power generation business . 
The media company said it purchased Cable USA Inc. , a privately held cable television system in Carroll County , Ga. , a suburb of Atlanta . 
For starters , racehorse buyers have to remember the basic problem of such ventures : These beasts do n't come with warranties . 
Mr. Boesky was a piker compared to Jay Gould and Jim Fiske , and Commodore Vanderbilt thought nothing of bribing judges and legislators . 
Open it and two soulful eyes on a boy 's brown face peer out from the page , pleadingly . 
In the nine months , net rose 4.3 % to $ 525.8 million or $ 4.67 a share , from $ 504.2 million , or $ 4.41 a share , last year . 
Sales in the quarter gained 29 % to $ 410.4 million from $ 317.7 million a year earlier . 
`` I tell people it 's the groundup bones of saints , '' he says . 
`` Before the really bad news , we were looking at Wang fairly seriously , '' she says . 
Instead , he says , `` they were cautious , and that was n't the message we wanted to deliver '' on Monday . 
Now Republican leaders are concentrating on attaching a capital-gains amendment to some other bill , perhaps a measure raising the federal borrowing limit or a second tax bill that would follow on the heels of the deficit-reduction legislation . 
Instead , he says , most investors have to rely on the rumor-happy Indian press . 
But investors looking for alternatives are n't finding it easy . 
City officials there had been were aware that a large company was moving in , but negotiations had all been conducted through a law firm and under the code name `` Everglades . '' 
Compound yields assume reinvestment of dividends and that current yields continue for a year . 
At the end of this period , the poison pill would be eliminated automatically , unless a new poison pill were approved by the then-current shareholders , who would have an opportunity to evaluate the corporation 's strategy and management team at that time . 
The White House and the Democratic leadership in Congress blame each other for turning capital-gains taxes into such a divisive issue this year . 
As a former White House aide who worked closely with Congress , he is savvy in the ways of Washington . 
The original transaction fell through on the same day British Air shareholders approved the plan at a special meeting after the British succeeded in arranging the financing for its equity contribution . 
In direct cash assistance , $ 1 billion is provided in federal highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion is divided between general emergency aid and a reserve to be available to the president to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
Mr. Robinson of Delta & Pine , the seed producer in Scott , Miss. , said Plant Genetic 's success in creating genetically engineered male steriles does n't automatically mean it would be simple to create hybrids in all crops . 
In the latest nine months , Mr. Hutchinson said , total coal sales rose to about 14.6 million tons from about 14.3 million tons a year earlier . 
Outside the white-walled headquarters of the socalled Society of Orange Workers , all seems normal in South Africa 's abnormal society . 
Net in the latest period included $ 11.9 million from discontinued operations and a charge of $ 6.2 million from a plant closing . 
`` But the tunnel 's just gotten longer . '' 
Another important revision of department policy is a new guideline warning prosecutors `` not to take steps that would harm innocent third parties '' in a case brought under the racketeering law , the official , David Runkel , said . 
Meanwhile , within the next few weeks , the limited partners in Ivan F. Boesky & Co . L.P. are expected to reach a partial settlement with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. regarding the distribution of the $ 330 million in partnership assets , said one of the individuals . 
Analysts expect the company to show profit of about 225 million guilders , up 9 % from 206.3 million guilders a year earlier . 
Also beginning trading today on the Big Board are El Paso Refinery Limited Partnership , El Paso , Texas , ( ELP ) and Franklin Multi-Income Trust , San Mateo , Calif. , ( FMI ) . 
No trading existed for the vast majority of junk bonds , securities industry officials said . 
Quotron , which Citicorp purchased in 1986 , provides price quotations for securities , particularly stocks . 
Then he casts out . 
As Mr. Reagan 's running mate , though , Mr. Bush plunged headlong into the anti-abortion position , endorsing a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
Roger L. Sutton , executive vice president , was appointed as the new president and chief operating officer . 
Her view is that stock prices have three major props : merger and buy-out proposals , earnings and the economic outlook . 
Perhaps the shock would have been less if they 'd fixed to another low-tax , deregulated , supply-side economy . 
Canada , which is preparing to speed up tariff cuts with the U.S. , recorded a 47 % narrowing in its trade surplus with the U.S. in August , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , reported . 
During the past 25 years , the number of balloonists ( those who have passed a Federal Aviation Authority lighter-than-air test ) have swelled from a couple hundred to several thousand , with some estimates running as high as 10,000 . 
It is only logical to assume that the enactment of this provision will lead to increased litigation . 
He also backed a rule to require large traders to report transactions on a systematic basis . 
The administration and Congress have lately tangoed around the idea of sending military aid to Cambodia 's non-communists . 
Surely at some other cosmic address a Gouldoid creature would have risen out of the ooze to explain why , paleontologically speaking , `` it is , indeed , a wonderful life . '' 
Mr. Schwarz 's great-grandfather founded the New York toy store F.A.O. Schwarz , but his family no longer has ties to the company . 
Two cans cost 89 cents during the drought . 
Katherine Voss , a veteran trainer at the Laurel , Md. , track , offers neophytes a sobering tour of a horse barn , noting that only three of about a dozen horses have won sizable purses . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem assets and nonperforming loans , the trust said it expects to be able to maintain or increase the rate of distributions because of operations of joint-venture properties . 
But it was clear that for the time being , the board wants the company to return to normalcy . 
Sales rose 12 % to $ 249.5 million from $ 222.8 million . 
On Aug. 1 , the state tore up its controls , and food prices leaped . 
Futures prices recovered in quiet trading . 
Mr. Grobstein had been a vice chairman of Ernst & Whinney , an accounting firm that merged with rival Arthur Young in July to form Ernst & Young , a major accounting , tax and management consulting firm . 
British government bonds were little changed as investors awaited an address on economic policy by John Major , the new Chancellor of the Exchequer . 
When the movie opens the Baker brothers are doing what they 've done for 15 years professionally , and twice as long as that for themselves : They 're playing proficient piano , face-to-face , on twin pianos . 
He believes that the task facing Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan is so difficult that it resembles `` juggling a double-bladed ax and a buzz saw . '' 
He is well-known in Democratic circles , having been executive assistant to Vice President Walter Mondale and chairman of Mr. Mondale 's 1984 presidential campaign . 
Leaseway provides transportation services for manufacturers , distributors and retailers . 
In the U.S. , Deloitte , Haskins & Sells was known as Haskins & Sells until 1978 , when it added the `` Deloitte '' name of its British affiliate . 
Mr. Price , 61 years old , also stepped down from the board of TVS Entertainment PLC , the British TV company that last year bought MTM , producer of such TV programs as `` Hill Street Blues '' and `` The Mary Tyler Moore Show . '' 
`` I see a lot of evidence indicating a slower economy , and that means my interest-rate outlook has a downward tilt , '' said Garnett L. Keith Jr. , vice chairman of Prudential Insurance Co. of America , one of the nation 's largest institutional investors . 
Revenue was flat at $ 2.59 billion . 
On its own , Dentsu 's muscle in Japan may count for little in major foreign markets when seeking non-Japanese clients . 
The case of Rosa Parks , the black woman who refused to sit at the back of the bus , comes to mind as an illustration . 
But trading risk stems from credit risk . 
But the Population Council , a 37-year-old , $ 20 million nonprofit organization that has the backing of the Rockefeller and Mellon foundations and currently subsidizes most U.S. research on contraceptives , has recently been paying for U.S. studies of RU-486 on a license from its French developer , Roussel-Uclaf , a joint subsidiary of the German pharmaceutical company Hoechst and the French government . 
With a splendid cast led by David Darlow as Alceste , Christina Haag as Celimene and , especially , William Brown as a Philinte who plays the Hollywood game but harbors authentic values and feelings , the Goodman production barrels through an all-night Hollywood party with exuberance and wit . 
Both Clarcor and Anderson are based in Rockford , Ill . 
A Sanwa Bank spokesman denied that the finance ministry played any part in the bank 's decision . 
Others , like Prudential-Bache Securities Inc. , which has eight offices in the San Francisco area , set up an 800 number yesterday morning for customers to obtain market commentary and other help . 
Dealers noted that it 's difficult to structure new Remics when prices are moving widely . 
And do n't expect many complete games by pitchers -- perhaps three out of 288 , laughs Mr. Fingers , the former Oakland reliever . 
The state can also bar Drexel as an investment adviser . 
In a declining London stock market yesterday , Jaguar shares were down four pence from Monday in late trading , at 694 pence ( $ 11.11 ) a share . 
New telephone lines posted healthy growth . 
Reaching for that extra bit of yield can be a big mistake -- especially if you do n't understand what you 're investing in . 
Of Douglas Woodward 's Honors Economics Class , 
`` In the world of intelligence , if you want to get information , you get it from seedy characters . 
Butane and propane can be used as coolants , for example , but are flammable . 
Each 5,000 Swiss franc bond convertible from Jan. 3 , 1989 , to Oct. 31 , 1997 . 
After enduring three days of heavy selling , the beleaguered Nasdaq over-the-counter market finally rebounded , rising sharply in hearty trading . 
Total tire segment sales were up only about 1 % to $ 2.2 billion , and the company said it reduced manufacturing levels at some of its U.S. tire plants because of inventory adjustments and slackened production by auto makers . 
Mr. Gaubert 's lawyer , Abbe David Lowell of Washington , D.C. , says the impact of the ruling on other cases involving thrift takeovers will depend on the degree of similarity in the facts . 
The agreement is subject to government approval . 
Hiroshima 's waterworks bureau said the municipal government had budgeted about 11 million yen ( $ 77,500 ) for the project . 
`` People are basically peddling a lot of fear , '' says Arthur Hauptman , a consultant to the American Council on Education in Washington . 
`` It now looks like database IV Version 1.1 is n't going to be { widely } available until the first quarter of 1990 , '' said David Bayer , an analyst with Montgomery Securities in San Francisco . 
A number of commercial grain users buttressed that opinion yesterday by buying certain corn options for delivery in March , indicating to analysts that the commercial companies would use the options to hedge against expected corn sales in next year 's first quarter . 
It was priced at a spread of 55 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Translation : Motorola appears to have taken a Hitachi technology that is patented in the U.S. , Hitachi says , and `` tried to make it look like a new technology . '' 
NCNB Corp. raised $ 1 billion in new capital during the third quarter . 
Output of goods-producing industries increased 0.1 % . 
`` When the country gets wealthier , we tend to buy high-quality imports , '' Mr. Owen said . 
In the third quarter , for example , junk bonds -- those with less than an investment-grade rating -- showed negative returns , the only major sector of the bond market to do so . 
More likely , relief funds could be added to an omnibus spending bill that Congress is to begin considering next week . 
If there is n't , { the deal } wo n't be put forward '' to shareholders . 
`` It 's hard to know right now if the change is fundamental or cyclical . '' 
Beginning as a laborer in a refinery , Mr. Guzman Cabrera put in more than 40 years at Pemex before being pushed into retirement by La Quina after a dispute two years ago . 
Fannie Mae makes a secondary market in home loans . 
Kirschner earned $ 376,000 on revenue of $ 14.5 million in the 1988 quarter . 
Yesterday , Nekoosa common closed in composite New York Stock Exchange trading at $ 62.875 , up $ 20.125 , on volume of almost 6.3 million shares . 
We were wrong . 
Each company worries that the other is becoming too powerful and too vertically integrated . 
WHEN HURRICANE Hugo careened through the Caribbean and the Atlantic coast states , it downed electric and telephone lines , shot coconuts through cottage rooftops , shattered windows and uprooted thousands of lives . 
ERC International Inc. , which provides professional and technical services to the military , is refining its defense niche , not retreating from it . 
For now , however , Mr. Phelan said : `` I refuse to get out there and tell everybody everything is hunky-dory . 
Even if baseball triggers losses at CBS -- and he does n't think it will -- `` I 'd rather see the games on our air than on NBC and ABC , '' he says . 
His more is always less . 
It would make sense for somebody to do it . 
The other element includes consolidating BethForge 's press-forge operations . 
White House aides know it 's a step that ca n't be taken lightly -- and for that reason , the president may back down from launching a test case this year . 
But he and his chief financial officer , John Pope , sowed some of the seeds for the deal 's failure by insisting banks accept low financing fees and interest rates , while they invested in the transaction only a small fraction of the $ 114.3 million they stood to gain from sale of their UAL stock and options . 
The result has been a dangerous vacuum of U.S. leadership , which leaves Central America open to Soviet adventurism . 
Mr. Farooquee attributed the decline to an industrywide softening of demand for computer enhancement products . 
To viewers from a distance , visitors to the spot seemed to shrink disproportionately , relative to the background . 
It currently is considering bidding for Swedish Match Co . 
Gillette said its continued presence in South Africa `` enables it to make meaningful contributions to South African society , to the lives of its employees and to the communities in which it operates . '' 
For example , he noted , operating profit was weaker than he had anticipated , but nonoperating earnings of $ 14.6 million and a lower tax rate helped boost net income . 
And at first , neither the opposition nor the LDP wanted to pursue the issue . 
-- Allow the EPA to permit the continued use of pesticides that exceed its negligible risk standard if the benefits of doing so outweigh the cost . 
Mr. Thompson noted that the disappointing earnings , which fell five cents a share short of his own projections , contributed to the sell-off by an edgy and currently unforgiving investing public . 
But industry executives also believe hiring Mr. Achenbaum is a shrewd move for Backer Spielvogel , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi . 
The 33 % bracket should apply to all income over the applicable level , not just the 5 % rate adjustment amount . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The consensus forecast of 14 economists surveyed by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report is for a 1.2 % drop in September orders . 
I do n't see anybody who 's sophisticated getting his name associated with this mess until the moving parts stop moving . '' 
So many companies are investing in high-tech machinery that Fanuc Ltd. , a robot maker , also had to build a new plant . 
Gerald Maier , president and chief executive officer of the natural-gas pipeline and marketing concern , said the company 's future growth is `` increasingly linked '' to decisions made by Calgary-based gas producers . 
A handful of small U.S. firms are refusing to cede the HDTV-screen market to Japanese manufacturers . 
But the plant was able to resume limited production of its Toyota Corollas and Geo Prizms by 6 a.m. yesterday , and absenteeism was only 7 % of the work force , about twice normal . 
A report late yesterday that the Chicago-area purchasing managers survey showed increased economic activity in that part of the country cut into bond-price gains . 
Operating profit , pretax profit and net income results , however , were provided for the immediately preceding six-month period . 
HLR : 
The practice of businesses throwing out junk mail `` is a commonly known problem , and it 's increasing as companies attempt to put through budget cuts across the board , '' right down to the mail-room level , says Stephen Belth , a list consultant and chairman of the Direct Marketing Association 's business-to-business council . 
Recent surveys by Leo J. Shapiro & Associates , a market research firm in Chicago , suggest that Sears is having a tough time attracting shoppers because it has n't yet done enough to improve service or its selection of merchandise . 
Treasury bonds also were hurt late in the day by a $ 4 billion offering by the Tennessee Valley Authority and the prospect of a huge amount of new agency debt . 
A recent example is the 3 % consumption tax on all commercial activities . 
After August the Fed may have stopped sterilizing , but it 's hard to see much impact on the dollar . 
Mr. Pilson 's rivals at ABC and NBC grimaced at the price . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Says Mr. Steidtmann : `` I 'm looking for a bi-polar Christmas . '' 
Morrison Knudsen Corp. posted third-quarter net income of $ 7.9 million , or 69 cents a share , continuing a rebound from steep year-ago losses . 
One major NBC affiliate , KCRA in Sacramento , plans to cancel the NBC Saturday morning line-up as of January and replace it with a local newscast . 
The producer and marketer of low-sulfur coal said net income for the quarter was $ 5.9 million , or 71 cents a share , on revenue of $ 145.4 million . 
It is expected to report next summer . 
He said large increases in sales of other non-caffeine soft drinks make the timing right now . 
Late yesterday afternoon , DDB Needham executives were scrambling to figure out what to do about a new business presentation that had been scheduled for today , a spokesman said . 
Although Cummins 's stock stumbled last month after the company projected a `` substantial '' third-period loss , the stock also fell $ 1.125 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , to $ 51.75 . 
But their potential quake exposure is seen as small given that they require a financial cushion on all the loans they purchase . 
And any strong surge in redemptions could force some funds to dump stocks to raise cash , as some did during Black Monday . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. , a fast-growing maker of computer workstations , said it landed two federal government contracts worth more than $ 100 million over the next five years . 
As a result of the refinancing , the company said the interest on the debt will fall to slightly more than 11 % from slightly more than 14 % . 
For $ 15 , they can enjoy their own nightly entertainment , with dinner , without mom and dad . 
They worried about an Interior Department directive to log all communications with Members or their staffs . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was a heavy 224,070,000 shares . 
Either way , the ghostbusting business is going like gangbusters . 
As onlookers stand behind barricades , helmeted firemen and building inspectors survey rows of nearby buildings that were twisted from their foundations and seem on the verge of collapse . 
Other venture capitalists are already there : MMG Patricof Group and its Alan Patricof Associates , New York ; Burr , Egan , Deleage & Co. , Boston ; and San Francisco 's Hambrecht & Quist have about $ 800 million to invest in European companies . 
I walked along Shattuck between Delaware and Cedar at a few minutes before eight this morning . 
In the latest period , the company had an average of 370.8 million shares , 5.6 million shares below last year 's level . 
Base Data 
Judge Merhige is overseeing the bankruptcy-law reorganization of A.H. Robins Co. , the company that manufactured the shield . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3426.33 , up 
Big Board volume dropped to 166,900,000 shares , in line with the level of trading over the past few weeks , from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
A bigger test will come next year if , as many analysts expect , bulk chemical prices slump in Europe . 
Capital Associates dropped 1 to 5 3\/8 . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 12 % to $ 6.6 billion from $ 5.91 billion . 
`` The pricing will become more realistic , which should help management , '' said Bruce Rosenthal , a New York investment banker with Nathan S. Jonas & Co . 
Others said that the drop continued the downward correction that 's been due in the petroleum pits and that such a trend could well continue in the next several trading sessions . 
The closing will affect about 3,000 workers and eliminate production of 700 cars . 
B.A.T ended the day at 778 , down 5 , on turnover of 7.5 million shares . 
In addition , New York-based LIN would exercise its right to buy out for $ 1.9 billion the 55 % equity interest of its partner , Metromedia Co. , in a New York cellular franchise . 
Through the first nine months of the year , Kidder ranks a distant 10th among underwriters of U.S. stocks and bonds , with a 2.8 % market share , up slightly from 2.5 % in the year-earlier period , according to Securities Data Co . 
Or he might have to incur a huge expense of either buying Mr. Icahn 's stock , possibly at a premium , or paying stockholders a special dividend partly because of Mr. Icahn 's pressure . 
For one thing , an investor 's portfolio might not closely match the S&P 100 . 
Third-quarter profits fell at several companies . 
More provocatively , some conservative legal theorists have begun arguing that Mr. Bush does n't need to wait for a law giving him the veto because the power already is implicit in the Constitution . 
The distribution represents available cash flow from the partnership between Aug. 1 and Oct. 31 . 
Still , local builders are eager to tell the world that most of San Francisco does n't look like the TV images of destruction . 
Treasury , Agency Securities 
He is negotiating a rich book contract to boot . 
The landscape architects were expelled from the garden in July . 
Santa Cruz County estimates total damage at nearly $ 600 million . 
Valhi said the articles did n't accurately reflect Valhi and its affiliates ' intentions toward Lockheed . 
Mr. Cawthorn said in an interview that sales will show an increase from a year ago of `` somewhat less than 10 % . '' 
Consumers pay the bill for all this in the price of a refrigerator or an air-conditioned car . 
USG Corp. agreed to sell its headquarters building here to Manufacturers Life Insurance Co. of Toronto , and will lease the 19-story facility until it moves to a new quarters in 1992 . 
Or maybe they are disgusted by the literal-minded musical score ; when a character arrives at a major decision her thoughts are revealed by the sound of `` I Can See Clearly Now . '' 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
It 's too disruptive , '' he says . 
Quite the contrary -- it results from years of work by members of the National Council on the Handicapped , all appointed by President Reagan . 
Without liquidity from the junk-bond market or cash flow from profits , they look to the government , which obediently assists the natural motions of the capitalist economy with charity in the form of cuts in the capital-gains tax rate or bailouts . 
Petroleum companies were also popular because of expectations of a weaker dollar , which cuts dollar-denominated crude-oil prices . 
And National Geographic 's smaller-than-average size means extra production costs for advertisers . 
Pretend Nothing Happened 
The backlog of undelivered orders at Northrop on Sept. 30 was $ 4.68 billion , down from $ 5.16 billion a year earlier . 
Over the past four years , the number of consumer magazines has increased by an average of 80 magazines annually , according to Donald Kummerfeld , president of the Magazine Publishers of America . 
On a number of occasions , he adds , he tried to get Warner to buy Guber Peters outright . 
Still , Mr. Mack says he talks to `` 30 members of Congress a week . '' 
The Fed should guard against systemic risk , but not against the risks inherent in individual stocks . 
Dr. Morgan has just emerged from the D.C. jail after more than two years ' confinement for contempt of court , a heroine to her many supporters . 
The dollar also declined . 
PSE has about 9.2 million shares outstanding . 
Rorer Group Inc. will report that third-quarter profit rose more than 15 % from a year earlier , though the gain is wholly due to asset sales , Robert Cawthorn , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said . 
James A. Toney , a vice president , sold 1,500 shares Aug. 28 . 
`` Mr. Semel said absolutely nothing to indicate Warner would have any objection to our assuming management positions at Columbia , '' Mr. Guber says . 
That pace is causing some analysts to speculate that the Soviet Union might soon purchase as much as another two million metric tons . 
And some carriers are facing other unexpected headaches : USAir , for example , blamed some of its loss on merger expenses and on disruptions caused by Hurricane Hugo last month . 
After a recent merger , it is also the only province-wide distributor of magazines and newspapers in Quebec . 
THE YOM KIPPUR WAR , WHEN EGYPT CRASHED into Israel on Oct. 6 , 1973 , the holiest day in the Jewish calendar , lasted barely a month . 
Ginnie Mae 9 % securities ended at 98 6\/32 , up 9\/32 , and Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. 9 % securities were at 97 10\/32 , up 6\/32 . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.92 % . 
Per-share net of 66 cents , down from 72 cents , fell by more than overall net because of more shares outstanding . 
The flight was rescheduled for today . 
He had valued the shares at more than $ 1 million two years earlier . 
Societa per Azioni Finanziaria Industria Manaifatturiera ( Italy ) -- 
For personal-injury cases , Litigation Sciences seeks defense jurors who believe that most people , including victims , get what they deserve . 
Each share of Eagle , based in Bristol , will become 0.95 share of Webster\/Eagle . 
That wo n't be an easy task . 
The report is to be released today . 
It will develop , produce and market high-performance electronic parts . 
David Mullins , assistant secretary of the Treasury , said that the working capital is necessary to reduce the final costs of the bailout , by allowing the agency to sell savings and loans without their bad assets , then hold the assets until they can be sold under favorable conditions . 
Sekisui House , which gained 150 Tuesday , lost 70 to 2640 . 
As Ruth , Moira Harris , a large and beautiful woman who may be our next Colleen Dewhurst , begins almost immediately to overpower each of the men . 
Mr. Moon has agreed to put up $ 10 million a year for 25 years and keep the profits in China . 
Back to Somalia : 
He said that when sell programs kick in , many traders believe that `` there 's no sense in sticking your nose out because you 're an instant loser . '' 
In August , personal income rose 0.3 % and spending grew 0.9 % . 
A military jet flew a congressional delegation and senior Bush administration officials to survey the damage . 
But Philip Morris has scaled back ad spending on the brand over the past year , industry executives said , and it now bills about $ 30 million to $ 40 million . 
In any case , he 's likely to find that the more he muzzles his colleagues , the more leaks will pop up all around Washington , a lesson once learned by Henry Kissinger . 
In the aforementioned episode of `` In the Heat of the Night , '' we saw Althea being attacked , but we were n't invited to enjoy the spectacle . 
Vickers PLC , a British aerospace , defense and automotive conglomerate , said it reached an agreed cash bid of # 108.2 million ( $ 173.3 million ) for Ross Catherall Group PLC , a maker of specialty alloy and ceramics . 
Already , the consequences are being felt by other players in the financial markets -- even governments . 
Mr. Bush is reserving the right in `` rare '' instances to keep Congress in the dark , asserting a constitutional prerogative the committee does n't recognize . 
You might find something , but the chances are low , '' said Michael Ellman , an analyst at Wertheim Schroder & Co . 
The SBA expects to make about $ 1 billion in Hurricane Hugo loans . 
Mr. Roman said American Express 's Mr. Robinson first approached him about the job in late September . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
He also questioned whether recent gains in that country can be sustained . 
The final B-2 agreement is certain to require detailed testing and verification of the bomber 's capabilities , but congressional aides said the accord wo n't include a House-passed provision that would have withheld production funds until Congress approves a cheaper , scaled-down version of the $ 70 billion fleet of 132 B-2s envisioned by the Pentagon . 
Also , the company issued 300 million marks of convertible bonds with an indicated 2 3\/4 % coupon due March 31 , 1995 , at par , via Westdeutsche Landesbank Girozentrale Bank . 
She snaps photos of the buckled floors and the plaster that has fallen away from the walls . 
Some traders estimate $ 9.75 billion of new two-year Treasurys will be sold next week , and they expect Refcorp to offer $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion of long-term `` bailout '' bonds . 
In fact , some auto executives suggest that slackened demand for their cars in the U.S. and Canada is a blessing ; otherwise they would n't be able to keep up with demand in the more profitable local market . 
Determining when handicapped access is required can be a nightmare for architects , says Mark Dooling , president of Dooling & Co. , a Newton , Mass. , architectural firm . 
The industrial average closed down only 3.69 points at 2659.22 . 
Just two weeks ago , BankAmerica 's yields in many of those maturities was 8.61 % . 
Digital Equipment gained 1 3\/8 to 89 3\/4 despite reporting earnings for the September quarter that were on the low end of expectations . 
Some competitors maintain the interestrate option loss , in particular , may have resulted more from Chemical 's taking large and often contrarian positions than a valuation problem . 
`` It 's possible to have a 10 % default rate in one year , because we 're already seeing big problems in the midst of a pretty strong economy . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
`` From a common-sense viewpoint , it was not socially acceptable , '' a Fujitsu spokeswoman said yesterday . 
WEIRTON STEEL Corp. said it completed a $ 300 million sale of 10-year notes , the final step in the 1984 buy-out of the company from National Steel Corp . 
They did me some good . 
It said the venture , expected to take control of the facilities Dec. 1 , would also serve another 3,300 independent Unocal gasoline stations . 
Westinghouse Electric Corp. said it will buy Shaw-Walker Co . 
The system provides radar-threat warning and electronic jamming capabilities . 
He bases the estimate on a survey of hundreds of Digital 's largest customers . 
`` It 's supposed to be later but I just moved it . 
Traditionally , boiler rooms operate on the cheap , since few , if any , customers ever visit their offices . 
He was brought to the company in September 1988 after 15 years at Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp . 
Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery were quoted late yesterday at 98 10\/32 , up 10\/32 ; and Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 1\/2 , up 1\/4 . 
And that puts added pressure on Chez Panisse dessert-menu planners . 
Emerging genetic tests will be able to spot such cancer-susceptible individuals , ushering in what some scientists believe is a new age of predictive cancer diagnosis . 
The solicitation material indicates that donations will go toward a campaign alerting and informing the public about some health or other issue . 
`` It 's almost as if you 're doing extra work to give away the food , '' he says . 
`` And we are looking for the most cost-effective way to clean up the air . '' 
Mr. Ohmae is managing director of McKinsey & Co. in Japan . 
Some insurers have also started offering `` persistency bonuses , '' such as extra dividends or a marginally higher interest yield , if the policy is maintained for 10 years . 
Marshall Y. Taylor 
'' But the enterprises still in state hands include the biggest and most economically powerful ones in Mexico ; indeed , they virtually constitute the economic infrastructure . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 point lower . 
Additionally , Moody 's Investors Service said it downgraded Valley National 's senior debt and confirmed the company 's commercial paper rating of `` not prime . '' 
Signs of revival seem evident in Hong Kong 's hard-hit hotel sector . 
Not to mention a generous federal pension . 
The company is highlighting more special deals in its advertising and stores , and it 's offering to defer finance charges on certain big-ticket items . 
`` Investor interest switches back and forth ceaselessly as they are unable to shift their weight to one side for sure , '' Mr. Mitsuoka of Daiwa Investment Trust said . 
But though most of the 1,087 Federal pilots are believed opposed , it is unclear just how much their loyalty to Mr. Smith has been eroded . 
In 1987 , the West had the slowest sales growth , and the South and the Midwest were first and second respectively , according to the council . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 410,000 , down $ 6,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
Censorship is n't a Marxist invention . 
But in federal court in Manhattan , Judge Patterson said the FBI records could show that Mr. Ferguson 's arrest was the result of questionable legal practices . 
But the Supreme Court 's opening of debate may have changed even that . 
Timing is of the essence with RU-486 . 
The fledgling National Children 's Cancer Society , for example , took in $ 2.5 million last year to finance bone-marrow transplants for children . 
By and large , Mr. Dinkins has finessed the touchy question of whose ox he would gore . 
But as an 80 % owner , if it tried to sell much of its stock in the market , it would likely depress the price of its shares . 
`` But it looks tough . '' 
Mr. Blair said after the meeting that he had filed separate lawsuits in the Ontario Supreme Court for unjust dismissal against Enfield and for libel against its largest shareholder , Canadian Express Ltd. , and two executives of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , which controls Canadian Express . 
The Swedish publishing company Bonniers owns 51 % of Are Paev , and the Estonian management company Minor owns 49 % . 
Indeed , the `` art of doctoring '' does contribute to better health results and discourages unwarranted malpractice litigation . 
Another approach : An investor with $ 100 million might use $ 75 million to buy the S&P 500 index and spend the other $ 25 million on a favorite group of stocks . 
GM has been negotiating a friendly transaction with Jaguar that likely would involve joint ventures and an eventual stake of just under 30 % . 
He is known as the father of the U.S.-grown Granny Smith , a radically different apple that the conventional wisdom once said would never catch on . 
Even companies in smokestack industries wrestling with world-wide overcapacity are joining the boom . 
About 80 % of Brazil 's voters are believed to live near the poverty level . 
Gen. Paul X. Kelley , retired commandant of the U.S. Marine Corps , was elected a director of this plastics , specialty materials and aerospace concern , succeeding Jewel Lafontant , who resigned to accept a government position . 
As they stumble and bumble toward election day two weeks from tomorrow , both Democrat David Dinkins and Republican Rudolph Giuliani are in trouble . 
`` I 'm really wiped out after walking five hours , '' she says . 
The company has spent some $ 5 billion over the past 3 1\/2 years to buy back 42 million common shares , or roughly 7 % of those outstanding . 
Indeed , the earthquake could contribute to a turnaround in the insurance cycle in a couple of ways . 
It gave the Japanese people a value system , based on the rationalization that given the country 's lack of natural resources , they must work hard to create value through exports and buy food with the surplus . 
The idea is to lock in profits from short-term swings in volatile markets . 
That compared with 49 such transactions totaling $ 28.7 billion as year earlier . 
Earnings at Allied-Signal 's aerospace business rose to $ 55 million from $ 41 million a year ago , primarily on higher sales and profit in its engines and auxiliary power units . 
The U.S. unit also firmed against other currencies on the back of sterling 's tumble , as market participants switched out of pounds . 
As a result , Mr. Steinhardt must reconcile himself to selling USAir at a loss , or to holding the shares as an old-fashioned investment . 
The return of the Rothschilds is modest . 
Sierra Tucson operates an addiction treatment center . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov , 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1994 , at a premium over the closing share price Oct. 25 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Some cut their earnings estimates for the stock this year and predicted more efforts to control costs ahead . 
Essentially , he ca n't make any hostile moves unless he makes a tender offer at least $ 300 a share . 
In a memorandum describing the guidelines , Assistant Attorney General Edward Dennis Jr. said that government efforts to freeze defendants ' assets pending racketeering prosecutions `` have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press . '' 
And in the past , Congress has viewed monitoring as an issue best handled in union negotiations . 
The judge held that the combination of colors used for the Sony products is distinctive and subject to protection under New York state law , rather than federal law . 
Daimler-Benz Chairman Edzard Reuter told Milan 's financial daily Il Sole 24 Ore that talks are taking place between both companies ' aerospace units . 
Chambers Development Class A jumped 3 1\/8 to 37 1\/8 and Class B rose 2 5\/8 to 37 1\/4 . 
For example , student loans currently attempt to subsidize college attendance and mitigate problems created by the fact that students ' future earnings are not accepted as collateral . 
Shareholders of the Santa Ana , Calif. , title-insurance company approved the creation of this second class of stock , which will be traded on the national over-the-counter market and which the company said would be used for acquisitions and other general corporate purposes . 
Some smaller clients do n't seem to notice his switch . 
No settlement negotiated by others can force the Afghan people to give up their struggle . 
Meanwhile , the exchange has been trying to lower costs . 
And it works best in high-powered personal computers . 
Yields for taxable bonds range from 9 1\/8 % in 1994 to 9.90 % in 2009 and 2010 . 
British Airways may have begun to have second thoughts about the transaction after the Transportation Department forced Northwest 's Airlines ' new owners to restructure the equity contribution of KLM Royal Dutch Airlines in that carrier . 
For Cheap Air Fares , Spend Christmas Aloft 
Which , it should be added , does n't prevent the charities from raking in a lot of money anyway . 
That price also covers Eurocom raising to 60 % its 51 % stake in Europe 's Belier Group , a joint venture ad agency network it owns with WCRS . 
Conner dominates the market for hard-disk drives used to store data in laptop computers . 
`` It would also help us in our search for equity partners . 
It could n't sell its South American routes , one of the major assets marked for disposal . 
The price movements get bigger as the maturity of the securities lengthens . 
Masson has lost his case , but the defendants , and the profession to which they belong , have lost far more . '' 
One senior executive at his firm spends nearly 20 % of his time on insurance , he says . 
He says the title of his speech was to make his point that Americans have rights as individuals , not as members of certain select groups . 
Wisconsin Toy has 71 retail stores , primarily in discount settings . 
In developing that theme at Interpublic Group of Cos . ' Lintas : New York unit , account supervisor Lisa Buksbaum says she made a `` couple of phone calls '' to Dallas ad friends and reported her `` findings '' to a team of writers . 
And unlike IBM 's water-cooled mainframes , it does n't need any plumbing . 
But , given what might have happened to the fragile parts that are at the heart of the microelectronics business , the bulk of Valley companies seemed to be just about shouting hosannas . 
Among the leading products is a flu shot for horses . 
The job cuts , to be made in a number of areas at various job levels , are `` a streamlining of operations , '' a spokeswoman said . 
After one of the most amazing debates we 've ever seen on the cable channel C-SPAN , the House voted 250 to 170 on Wednesday to order $ 28.4 million in spending for a New Jersey arts center , a Michigan library and 38 other pet projects out of the same discretionary fund that was supposed to have been so abused during Sam Pierce 's tenure . 
The bolstered cellular agreement between BellSouth Corp. and LIN Broadcasting Corp. carries heightened risks and could fail to fend off McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. , the rival suitor for LIN . 
The tentative pact would resolve part of a broad investigation of the Atlanta-based company in the past year . 
Near the coast there are dense coverts of live oak interspersed with marshes and prairies . 
`` We have designs for such { executive } cars , but have never been able to develop them , '' Sir John said . 
Allianz said it won French government approval to buy as much as one-third of Navigation Mixte , a diversified financial , transport and food holding company . 
Rather , `` It just shows things have changed . '' 
His father , David S. Leavitt , was chairman and chief executive until his death in an accident five years ago , at which time Mr. Penn was named president . 
`` What happens to those two basketball contracts will shape the next five years of network sports , '' says Peter Lund , a former CBS Sports president now at Multimedia Inc . 
Revenue more than doubled to $ 2.62 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
Some Bush administration officials urged Mr. Greenspan to make an immediate public announcement of his plans to provide ample credit to the markets . 
There 's a 95 % probability any year 's result will fall in the range . ) 
In addition , Sanford Grossman , a Wharton School finance professor , says volatile jumps in stock prices will continue as long as liquidity falls short of the voracious demands of institutions `` who can go out and say ` I have a billion dollars of stocks to sell . ' '' 
Our copy of Racine ( Wis . ) Labor comes through the mail wrapped around two sections of Baseball Card News . 
Host Ted Koppel introduced him as `` the media master of the Reagan Administration , '' with nary a mention of Mr. Deaver 's conviction in 1987 on perjury charges . 
( Jacksonville , Fla. ) -- Charles Bates , president , chief executive and chief operating officer will resign from these positions and the board effective Oct. 31 . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Mr. Smith 's managers have , at times , been called `` Ho Chi Minh 's Guerrillas . '' 
Exports of rum surged 54 % to 814,000 proof gallons . 
Using testers could be controversial with financial institutions , but Mr. Grohl said the U.S. League of Savings Institutions had n't yet taken any position on the matter . 
But he then borrowed a palladium rod from chemists at Texas A&M who said they were getting excess heat . 
Other manufacturers are equally cautious . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Nynex said expenses rose 4.5 % to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.61 billion , a $ 119 million increase . 
Aer Rianta now manages duty-free sales on all Aeroflot international flights out of Moscow . 
The approach has generated so much interest that NYU is host to the first conference on cooperative care Nov. 30 . 
A sinking economy depresses corporate earnings and thus stock prices , but it buoys bond prices as interest rates fall . 
RMI Titanium is owned jointly by USX and Quantum Chemical Corp . 
Colony banks have a major stake in how interest rates move because of their enormous Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
The turmoil on Wall Street may benefit some retailers attempting to lead leveraged buy-outs of their specialty and department-store chains , investment bankers and retailers said . 
`` One would have thought this would have happened two or three years ago as the labor market tightened . 
He predicts that sales will drop between 30 % and 40 % from last year 's $ 3 million . 
The new line is aimed directly at International Business Machines Corp . 
The case for owning stocks over the long-term is compelling . 
TIMES SQUARE development opponents are dealt setback . 
To do that , they must think in terms of sheetrock by the square foot , carpeting by the square yard , wallpaper by the roll , molding by the linear foot . 
`` When they talk mega-issues , they 're truly talking mega , '' says S.A. Dave , chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India . 
Philadelphia-based Deb Shops said it saw little significance in Mr. Petrie selling his stock to Petrie Stores . 
The company also posted third-quarter earnings that were in line with analysts ' forecasts . 
It switched to a caffeine-free formula using its new Coke in 1985 . 
Mr. Wertheimer , 38 years old , had been a first vice president in the industrial group in investment banking . 
Mr. Kaiser noted that gold was more than 71 times the price of silver at the close yesterday , which is historically high . 
Merger Fallout : Beware Employee Dishonesty 
In 1796 , Mayer Amschel Rothschild founded Bankhaus M.A. Rothschild & Sons and later sent his four sons to London , Paris , Vienna and Naples to begin the bank 's expansion during the early 19th century . 
But steelmakers must also find new markets . 
But at the same time , Mr. Gonzalez has n't forgotten a confrontation over Mr. Wall during House-Senate negotiations over S&L bailout legislation during the summer . 
They can do this by purchasing `` index puts , '' which are simply put options on indexes that match broad baskets of stocks . 
And I will never again complain about a rainout . 
But the fund 's size is disputed by Mr. Brown 's office , which estimates the fund holds from $ 630 million to $ 800 million . 
But even a Japanese company that looks like a dog may turn out to be a good investment for a foreign concern , some management consultants maintain . 
Analysts had been projecting fully diluted earnings in the third quarter in the range of about $ 1.30 a share . 
The bill would authorize courts to order the licenses as a condition of probation . 
Mr. Montgoris said the firm has a `` straight mathematical formula '' for determining compensation , based on the firm 's earnings . 
Hanson , with 15 million shares traded , closed 2.5 lower at 212.5 . 
It 's one more , too , for the fans who dream of a season that never ends . 
By Monday morning , they said , stock-index arbitrage sell programs helped re-establish the link between stocks and futures . 
In the San Francisco Bay area , more than 13,000 people were homeless and landslides threatened more houses . 
Here , the city is dark and laden with symbolism : Said has left his jail cell only to enter the larger prison of Cairo society . 
Three top advisers to Mr. Davis visited New York late last week , at least in part to confer with executives at Citicorp . 
This can have its purposes at times , but there 's no reason to cloud the importance and allure of Western concepts of freedom and justice . 
Assuming final enactment this month , the prohibition will take effect 96 days later , or in early February . 
`` And you did n't want me to buy earthquake insurance , '' says Mrs. Hammack , reaching across the table and gently tapping his hand . 
`` This business is n't about personalities at the end of the day -- it s about whether the ink is red or black . 
One of Mr. Roberts 's observations is that the Bank 's own loan portfolio is in deep trouble because of its lending to developing countries . 
After a surprisingly sharp widening in the U.S. August merchandise trade deficit -- $ 10.77 billion from a revised $ 8.24 billion in July and well above expectations -- and a startling 190-point drop in stock prices on Oct. 13 , the Federal Reserve relaxed short-term interest rates , knocking fed funds from around 9 % to 8 3\/4 % . 
Bloomingdale 's does an estimated $ 1.2 billion in annual sales . 
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces . 
West Virginia , home of Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd , would receive $ 21.5 million -- four times the military 's request . 
This year is the 75th anniversary of the Federal Reserve System , and some members of Congress think it 's time to take a fresh look at the nation 's central bank . 
The award results from the Navy 's exercising of an option in an earlier contract it awarded Avondale . 
Operating profit rose 4 % to 293.29 billion yen from 282.08 billion yen . 
Thousands of us had paid $ 5 for the official souvenir book with its historical essays on Series trivia , its historical photographs of great moments in Series past , and its instructions , in English and Spanish , for filling in the scorecard . 
`` Unless it gets more help , the U.S. industry wo n't have a chance , '' says Peter Friedman , Photonics 's executive vice president . 
The presence of Unilever and P&G is likely to increase the impact of advertising on cosmetics . 
However , the only outsider who has emerged to lead such a shareholder vote , Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , who triggered the buy-out with a $ 5.4 billion bid in early August , is hanging back -- apparently to avoid being blamed for contributing to the deal 's collapse . 
Credit Lyonnais Australia Ltd . ( French parent ) -- 50 million Australian dollars of 16 1\/4 % bonds due Nov. 30 , 1992 , priced at 102 to yield 16.03 % less full fees , via Hambros Bank Ltd . 
Some may have forgotten -- and some younger ones may never have experienced -- what it 's like to invest during a recession . 
The curbs prevent a buyer from purchasing more than 15 % of Jaguar shares without permission . 
He will succeed Joel Chaseman , who will remain a vice president of the company and continue to represent Post-Newsweek stations in several industry organizations , the company said . 
After 75 years there may be a few things that are worth reexamining . 
But they have to attract good senior bankers who can bring in the business from day one . '' 
He would discover it also in Alexander Bickel , a subtle constitutional scholar , Mr. Bork 's closest friend at Yale , whose influence on the judge goes well beyond Mr. Bronner 's reporting . 
To the extent that potential Republican candidates and their financial backers realize that the congressional prisoner 's dilemma game works to their disadvantage , the Republican Party will be hindered in its attempts to field a competitive slate of congressional candidates . 
Mr. Runkel says he doubts Mr. Kennedy can muster enough congressional support to reorganize the Justice Department . 
DIASONICS INC. , South San Francisco , maker of magnetic resonance imaging equipment , annual sales of $ 281 million , Amex , had minor damage , mostly in a stockroom . 
`` Di Provenza '' was n't much of an advertisement for sunny , southern France . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 3.40 to $ 372.50 an ounce in heavy trading . 
A policeman shakes his head in amazement as he steers them away . 
The base metal price has dropped 30.3 % from a year earlier to 78 cents a pound . 
One of these centers can involve years of negotiating with numerous public agencies , local political leaders , and citizen groups , and with prospective tenants and sources of financing . 
There is no way to get an ambulance in quickly to move him to a hospital . 
That 's the conclusion of an independent report prepared by the Office of Technology Assessment at the request of the House and Senate judiciary committees . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , US Facilities closed at $ 3.625 , unchanged . 
Ed Shea and Barbara Orson never find a real reason for their love affair as the foolish , idealistic young Vass and the tirelessly humanitarian doctor Maria Lvovna . 
`` If that does n't happen , then we press forward on another vehicle and a separate vote , '' said press secretary Marlin Fitzwater . 
The bridge loans are intended to provide temporary financing for acquisitions . 
In the U.S. , one-fifth of the office PCs are hooked up to some sort of network . 
Harken Energy Corp. of Dallas said it will drop its $ 11.75-a-share , or $ 190 million , offer for Tesoro Petroleum Corp. if the two companies do n't have an agreement to merge by Dec. 15 . 
According to one analyst , workers at the Cananea copper mine in Mexico , which has n't been operating since it was declared bankrupt by the Mexican government in late August , are set to return to work . 
The embargo lasted only six months , but the price hikes became a fact of life . 
Changing legislation has opened the field to thousands of inexperienced Soviet players , many who promise more than they can deliver . 
Machinists already have rejected a proposal that called for a 4 % pay increase and 8 % bonus in the first year . 
The union also ceded the 2 % commission it had received on all Pemex maintenance contracts . 
The naczelnik averts his eyes . 
The maker of hand-held computers and computer systems said the personnel changes were needed to improve the efficiency of its manufacturing operation . 
This temblor-prone city dispatched inspectors , firefighters and other earthquake-trained personnel to aid San Francisco . 
`` We found the market not developing as we thought it would , '' a GE spokesman says . 
Fiscal pressures also forced the adoption of new fees charged by federal agencies , and an 18 % increase in the Securities and Exchange Commission 's budget would be financed entirely by an added $ 26 million in filing fees . 
Desperate , he has called in the Libyans to help fight the rebels of the Somali National Movement in the north , which is only one of several groups picking away at the regime in the capital of Mogadishu . 
And if you `` consider the changing distribution of credit , '' Mr. Durkin says , `` much of the increase in debt in recent years is due to increasing credit use by higher-income families , '' that is , `` those probably best able to handle it . '' 
It said financing would consist of $ 250 million from a private placement obtained through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and a $ 150 million revolving credit line underwritten by Chase Manhattan Bank . 
The agreement calls for South African debtors to make repayments in eight installments , starting in December of next year . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.11 billion from $ 1.03 billion . 
Hasbro said it had net income of $ 31.3 million , or 53 cents a share , up from $ 18.1 million , or 31 cents a share , a year earlier , when it took a pretax charge of $ 10 million after dropping development of an interactive video entertainment system . 
It wo n't happen again . 
Independent drillers are gingerly sinking bits into the Earth 's crust again . 
Among the expensive unknowns are stretches of elevated freeway in San Francisco that were closed because of quake-inflicted damage . 
Harsco declined to say what country placed the order . 
The Wilmington , Del. , company reported net of $ 547 million , or $ 2.36 a share , which was in line with Wall Street estimates . 
But that was not to be . 
Though the agency could remove Mr. Paul , it has no current intention to do that . 
If there is a recession that will change the statistical situation . '' 
In addition , a one billion mark credit dating from 1974 is to be written off . 
Exabyte Corp. had been planning to sell 10 % of its stock this week in an IPO that would raise up to $ 28.5 million . 
After one year I could walk away from the Ameritas policy with $ 792 , but Id get only $ 14 from the Equitable . 
You 'll find her there . 
Stop orders are sometimes called `` stop-loss '' orders because they are frequently used to protect profits or limit losses . 
`` There 's a distinct possibility that I may lose my job over this , '' the employee , Karen Allen , of Floor Covering Resources , Kensington , Md. , recently told a congressional hearing . 
It said it expects net to rise 45 % to 380 billion yen . 
The award was made by a federal court to the widow of a U.S. Forest Service employee who contracted Hodgkin 's disease after using herbicides containing Agent Orange in a weed-killing program . 
The company said it acquired 2.5 million shares for 785 pence ( $ 12.48 ) each , or a total of # 19.6 million ( $ 31.2 million ) , from its broker , Barclays de Zoete Wedd . 
`` You 're buying the S&P , and you always want to hold the cheapest form of it , '' he says . 
Even though National Geographic offers far more readers than does a magazine like Smithsonian , `` the page costs you an arm and a leg to develop any frequency , '' says Harry Glass , New York media manager for Bozell Inc . 
Breeders are betting on the common folk . 
Mrs. Marcos has n't admitted that she filed any documents such as those sought by the government . 
But city officials say tax revenues are lagging . 
Earlier this year , Texas Air 's Eastern Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
It 's simply the right time to do what we are doing , '' Mr. Lipstein said . 
Ashurst is new to the Far East . 
There was n't any evidence of survivors . 
But Panama illustrates that their substitute is a system that produces an absurd gridlock . 
When WCRS created Della Femina McNamee out of the merger of three smaller agency units in 1988 , it said it did so in order to attract larger clients , especially packaged-goods companies . 
The natural resources development concern said proceeds will be used to repay long-term debt , which stood at 598 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 510.6 million ) at the end of 1988 . 
But in another sense , the $ 846 million purchase is uncharacteristically nervy , industry analysts say . 
Joe Mack , a district manager for Cormack Enterprises Inc. , a Burger King operator in Omaha , Neb. , says discounting is so prevalent that `` we have to serve 15 % to 20 % more customers '' to keep sales level . 
So it 's quite possible that the terrific play between the brothers is n't natural at all , that Jeff and Beau had to work like crazy to make their brotherly love -- and resentment and frustration and rage -- seem so very real . 
They are supposed to play the game next Tuesday , in Candlestick Park here . 
Panda Motors is one such investment . 
Earnings have plummeted , too , in each of the past three quarters . 
`` The companies just gave back what they had reserved for , '' he said . 
That is n't much compared with what Bill Cosby makes , or even Connie Chung for that matter ( who is paid $ 1.6 million a year and who recently did a guest shot of her own on the sitcom `` Murphy Brown '' ) . 
They are also encouraged by the relatively mild side effects of FK-506 , compared with cyclosporine , which can cause renal failure , morbidity , nausea and other problems . 
It is possible then that Santa Fe 's real estate -- even in a state imperiled by earthquakes -- could , one day , fetch a king 's ransom . 
Normally , Violetta can go about her business without wondering whether she is moving as gracefully as the scenery . 
The stock had hit a high of $ 81 a share early last week but collapsed to $ 73.50 in the Friday stock plunge . 
Claude Bebear , chairman and chief executive officer , of Axa-Midi Assurances , pledged to retain employees and management of Farmers Group Inc. , including Leo E. Denlea Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer , if Axa succeeds in acquiring Farmers . 
Assuming that he paid a rough average price of $ 80 a share , and assuming he did n't sell before his announcement reached the market , Mr. Trump could be sitting with a modest loss with the stock at $ 76.50 . 
One son sacrifices his own career so that his avaricious brother can succeed , while another helps support the family with money siphoned from crime . 
Nor is it a Hungary , where yesterday the parliament approved constitutional changes meant to help turn the Communist nation into a multiparty democracy . 
`` People are n't necessarily running scared , '' Mr. Litvack said . 
Such a piece of DNA would probably constitute a gene . 
MORGAN STANLEY , THE ONCE STODGY investment house , in 1974 helped a corporate client complete a hostile takeover . 
Or , a wage that was $ 100 30 years ago would buy only $ 23.53 worth of stuff today . 
The University of Toronto stepped deeper into the contest for Connaught BioSciences Inc. by reaching an unusual agreement with Ciba-Geigy Ltd. and Chiron Corp . 
Yesterday 's yield was the lowest since 7.22 % on July 27 . 
The prices of most soybean and soybean-meal futures contracts rose amid rumors that the Soviet Union is interested in buying from the U.S. or South America about 250,000 metric tons of soybeans and as many as 400,000 metric tons of soybean meal . 
Revenue nearly tripled to $ 479 million , from $ 160 million . 
Perhaps it does . 
Lawyers close to the case said they believed the ruling was unprecedented . 
Last week a closely held New Jersey concern , Papetti High-Grade Egg Products Co. , rolled out an aseptically packaged liquefied item called Table Ready . 
With flat corporate profits on the horizon for 1990 , money managers say price-earnings multiples that look cheap today might go on being cheap for a long time . 
Until 1963 , it was good soil . 
Dana also said it was hurt by slumping U.S. truck sales and by a strike at a parts supplier . 
One local Phillips manager said a seal blew in one of the plant 's reactors . 
The 13-week bills mature Feb. 1 , and the 26-week bills mature May 3 , 1990 . 
Bethlehem said earlier this year that it planned to restructure the BethForge division to improve its cost structure . 
It said simply that it will boost its Navigation Mixte stake as it sees fit over the coming days to protect itself , as long as it has French regulatory officials ' approval . 
But this is almost an underground activity . 
He then made most of the changes , pilots say . 
I personally do not want to hasten Mr. Lehman 's demise , but I can see him figuring prominently in his own article . 
In return , the U.K. and France could keep their nuclear weapons . 
If the whole story were told , it would read something like this : 
Also , AMR was the most active Big Board issue ; 2.8 million shares changed hands . 
What is it , to borrow a term from Coniston , that so unsettled the market ? 
Consequently , Mr. Lawson saddled Mrs. Thatcher with a record trade deficit , renewed inflation and high interest rates -- three political failures in a row . 
P.J. Mode , Wilmer Cutler 's managing partner , says the trial team that represented Mr. Bundy was asked by the firm 's pro bono committee whether the new case posed a conflict and that no objections were raised . 
Broiler prices fell 6.5 cents in October to 30.6 cents a pound , while turkey prices rose 1.2 cents a pound to 38.5 cents . 
I think some people may believe they 're helping fund a massive TV and print campaign , but we could n't find that the charity does anything except write these letters , '' he says . 
There is n't any rush on the part of investors in the West to buy gold , he said . 
In yesterday 's report , First Interstate said its bank in Texas also reported a loss of $ 23.5 million for the quarter . 
`` We 're encouraging a graceful transition , '' says Mary Kay Poppenberg , the organization 's president . 
It was the most exercise we 'd had all morning and it was followed by our driving immediately to the nearest watering hole . 
The computer equipment and financial services company said IATA , a trade group , will sell access to the package to its 180 airline members world-wide . 
And catastrophes are getting ever more costly . 
Though it is far from certain that companies best known for selling Promise margarine and Tide detergent will succeed in cosmetics , there 's little doubt they will shake up the industry . 
Oppenheimer & Co. was the lead underwriter . 
He 's got a wife and two kids and a house in the suburbs ; the audience sees only the house , and only near the end of the movie . 
Individuals eager for tax-free income drove up bond prices , making state and local government debt one of the best-performing types of fixed-income investments during the period . 
When he was hired , Mr. Payne lauded Mr. Decker 's `` extraordinary ... skills '' and his `` outstanding reputation as one of the West 's brightest bankers . '' 
Mr. Ayers is editor and publisher of the Anniston , Ala. , Star . 
It makes sense from a strategic standpoint . '' 
`` But it would just mean a great first and second quarter next year . '' 
Together with two existing plants in the U.S. , Furukawa said it will expand its current local monthly production of memory disks to 1.4 million sheets from 800,000 . 
Profit of steel shipped for the company 's steel segment slid to $ 26 a ton , from $ 66 a ton a year earlier and $ 57 a ton a quarter earlier . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 400,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked . 
Still , most retailing observers expect that all the proposed retailing LBOs will depend partly on the sale of junk bonds , a market already in tumult , in part because of concerns associated with bonds issued by the Federated and Allied units of Campeau . 
But traders said the junk bond market increasingly is separating into a top-tier group , in which trades can be executed easily , and a larger group of lower-quality bonds in which liquidity -- or the ability to trade without too much difficulty -- has steadily deteriorated this year . 
The imposition of austerity measures , starting last October , already had begun to pinch when the massacre in Tiananmen Square on June 4 and subsequent events tugged the belt far tighter . 
The board increased by one to 26 members . 
( Mr. Reich 's new `` Different Trains '' for string quartet uses the technique magisterially . ) 
Earlier this month , Security Pacific , which is among the 10 largest bank holding companies in the U.S. , completed the acquisition of San Diego-based Southwest Bancorp . 
With companies such as Honda Motor Co. , Toyota Motor Corp. and Nissan Motor Co. running so-called transplant auto operations , Japanese auto production in the U.S. will reach one million vehicles this year . 
`` He has n't added anything , '' Mr. Levine said , predicting the board will again reject Mr. Green 's proposal . 
`` The trail of revenue is increasingly going away from pure advertising , and going towards other services , '' Mr. Spielvogel said . 
The surprise resignation yesterday of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson sent sterling into a tailspin against the dollar by creating uncertainties about the direction of the British economy . 
The New Orleans oil and gas exploration and diving operations company added that it does n't expect any further adverse financial impact from the restructuring . 
Concern that investors could misinterpret such readings led the American Association of Individual Investors to eliminate beta figures for precious-metals funds in the 1989 edition of its mutual-fund guide . 
`` That was the first time they lost and I won , '' he says . 
The report showed that deaths on urban interstate highways rose 7 % between 1986 and last year , while fatalities on non-interstate roads were about the same in 1988 as in 1986 . 
Industrial Bank of Japan , which claims to be the biggest Japanese buyer of U.S. mortgage securities , says it will more than double its purchases this year , to an amount one official puts at several billion dollars . 
`` We 've got a lot to do , '' he acknowledged . 
Those claims , along with priority employee claims , administrative claims , priority tax claims and administrative convenience claims , are expected to total about $ 16 million . 
Some issues were affected by Tuesday 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area . 
It 's sort of a Chapter 11 situation , '' he added , referring to the U.S. bankruptcy law that protects companies from creditors while they restructure . 
The agreement is effective Jan. 1 and is subject to approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board . 
In addition , they fear that banks have been overeager to issue cards to the public -- giving cards to too many big spenders who will default during a recession . 
In the U.S. , the Hartford Courant has a facsimile edition and some other newspapers are considering the idea . 
Seats are quoted at $ 430,000 bid and $ 525,000 asked . 
Indeed , the Soviet miners strike this summer clearly demonstrated that Mr. Gorbachev must proceed with economic reform . 
Consolidated Freightways plans to raise its rates 5.3 % late this year or early next year , and at least two competitors have announced similar increases . 
Meanwhile , the nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 143,178 cars this week , down 11.7 % from 162,190 a year ago and flat with last week 's 142,117 car output . 
The researchers , who are being financed by the Lithox funds , will receive a royalty , or percentage of sales , if their research yields a commercial product . 
The suit , filed in federal court in Manhattan , charges that New York 's mandatory retirement age of 76 violates federal law . 
EWDB , formed by the merger of Eurocom and Della Femina McNamee WCRS , said it agreed to buy Vizeversa , an agency in Barcelona . 
We 've heard California 's property-tax-cutting Proposition 13 blamed for a lot over the years , but ABC 's Ted Koppel came up with a new wrinkle in his earthquake coverage last week when he asked Democratic Assemblyman Richard Katz if Prop. 13 had withheld money needed for road maintenance . 
The company also changed its dividend policy , under which holders had received an annual 10 cents-a-share payment , by declaring a four-cents-a-share dividend , to be paid quarterly on post-split shares . 
So anyone buying the stock now is betting on some special transaction such as a recapitalization or takeover , and must do so using some guesswork about the likelihood of such an event . 
Many marketers say Philip Morris 's approach will be effective , but they agree that the ads ' implied smoking message is unmistakable . 
And that means 42-year-old Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive since January , will for the first time take complete control of Kidder and try to make good on some grandiose plans . 
Today , there are 77 units , all located in shopping malls . 
It also enables minimills finally to get a toehold in the flat-rolled steel market -- the major steelmakers ' largest , most prized , and until now , untouchable , market . 
Those filings , plus the expected sale of a number of financially healthy chains , such as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's and Bloomingdale 's , have added to the anxiety . 
Another she stuffed with eight `` rectilinear hedges '' for a topiary geometry lesson in the right-angling of plants . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The man who wore out his shoes wandering around Guadalajara in 1958 , describing in his travel book `` Viaje a la Alcarria '' how he scrounged for food and stayed in squalid inns , now tours Spain in a Rolls-Royce . 
For fiscal 1990 , analysts expect P&G 's sales to continue to grow , with earnings climbing between 15 % and 20 % . 
Mr. Marrie said the bank expects Arizona real-estate prices , which plummeted 40 % over the last year , to fall another 20 % before stabilizing . 
BellSouth 's revised proposal surprised many industry analysts , especially because of the company 's willingness to accept some dilution of future earnings . 
Mr. Carter is a political commentator who heads a television production firm . 
Such news is good for bonds because economic weakness sometimes causes the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates in an effort to stimulate the economy and stave off a recession . 
Sotheby 's , she says , is `` wearing both hats . '' 
Some predict there will be `` Third World bonds , '' backed by loans to Brazil , Argentina and other debt-ridden nations . 
The rest are split roughly between optimists who expect Hong Kong to hum along as before and pessimists who foresee irreparable chaos . 
St. Louis-based Emerson and Stuttgart-based Bosch make electrical and electronic products , including power tools . 
I 'll see you Wednesday ? ... Thursday . '' 
Moody 's said it also lowered the ratings of $ 70 million of Pinnacle 's MeraBank thrift unit long-term deposits to B-3 from B-2 , and on its subordinated debt to Ca from Caa . 
So does Mr. Friend and his law partner , Nick Nichols . 
The U.S. Commerce Department reported a $ 10.77 billion deficit in August , compared with a revised July deficit of $ 8.24 billion . 
Dale Lang , who this week completed the acquisition of the publisher of Ms. and Sassy , is candid about the challenge he is taking on . 
Mr. Skase 's statement cited four recent problems that he said had cut group cash flow by more than A$ 200 million . 
`` The junk bond market is being taken apart '' because of recession fears , said J. David Mills , senior vice president at Boston Company Advisers . 
The issue was oversubscribed and `` doing very well , '' according to an official with lead underwriter Morgan Stanley . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 27 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 1 . 
Honecker 's departure came after weeks of street protests and an exodus to the West of East Germans who had become disenchanted with his rule . 
For reasons he would n't elaborate on , he said he 's sure that schedule wo n't be met , meaning less profit impact from the product for DEC in the next few quarters . 
However , workers ca n't break ground until legal maneuvers to block the complex are resolved , moves which caused the signing to remain questionable up to the last moment . 
To help residents in Northern California rebuild , FEMA intends to set up 17 disaster assistance offices in the earthquake area in the next several days and to staff them with 400 to 500 workers from various agencies , said Robert Volland , chief of the agency 's individual assistance division . 
`` The security business is my favorite subject . 
Michael Alexander , a senior editor at Computerworld , a trade publication , said he was told that the worm gets into a computer center by looking for obvious passwords -- such as ones that are the same as the user 's name . 
`` And we were able to attract some new advertisers because this is something new . '' 
( Balloon flights almost always occur at dawn or dusk , when the winds are lightest . ) 
He will succeed Harry L. Freeman , 57 , who has said he will retire in December . 
The plan is talking about applicants admitted , not students who enroll . 
The Agriculture Department also said that the number of fattened cattle slaughtered in the quarter dropped by 5 % from the 1988 quarter , which was in line with projections by analysts . 
They showed up , but did n't -- or could n't -- challenge . 
Treasury bonds ended with losses of as much as 1\/4 point , or about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Discussing future monetary arrangements , Mr. Lawson repeated the Thatcher government 's commitment to join the exchange rate mechanism of the European Monetary System , but he did n't indicate when . 
The man-made inferno will tower over a man-made lagoon with more than four acres of pools , grottoes and waterfalls . 
`` The development could have a dramatic effect on farm production , especially cotton , '' said Murray Robinson , president of Delta & Pine Land Co. , a Southwide Inc. subsidiary that is one of the largest cotton seed producers in the U.S. . 
The solution , at least for some investors , may be a hedging technique that 's well known to players in the stock-options market . 
That year a four-man group headed by William Lieber in the Legislation and Regulations division of the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service , was assigned the task of designing a plan . 
She noted that the preliminary estimate of the third-quarter gross national product is due out tomorrow and is expected to be up about 2.5 % to 3 % . 
While the industrial average rallied on Monday following last Friday 's collapse , the OTC market , which did n't suffer too badly during the correction , tumbled . 
Most other junk bond issues finished a quarter-point lower on rumors that Campeau Corp. was filing for protection from creditors under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code . 
Brooks Brothers , which Marks bought last year , saw operating profit drop in half to # 5 million . 
`` October 13th left us with a cut and exposed nerve , '' said Jack Solomon , technical analyst for Bear Stearns . 
A spokeswoman said Dow is comfortable with Wall Street expectations that full-year earnings will total about $ 14.60 a share , compared with last year 's record net of $ 2.4 billion , or $ 12.76 a share . 
Japan has climbed up from the ashes of World War II and a gross national product of about $ 800 per capita to reach the heavyweight class among industrialized nations . 
Time officials declined to comment . 
`` Our image is a company that makes women 's products , '' said a Wacoal spokesman . 
Santa Fe also has $ 3.7 billion in debt . 
Maybe so -- if you can find where your favorite writer went . 
But small business , which generally detests government-mandated benefits , has taken note of the growing number of close votes . 
The Tokyo-based company had net of 3.73 billion yen in the previous reporting period , which was the four months ended March 31 . 
That , in turn , is expected to persuade banks to cut their prime lending rate , a benchmark rate on many corporate and consumer loans , by half a percentage point , to 10 % . 
The new nonstop flights , starting next May , will include Chicago-Warsaw , Chicago-Helsinki , Miami-Madrid , Dallas-Barcelona , a second daily Chicago-Paris flight and a second daily Chicago-Manchester flight , the officials said . 
Toto Co. , a Japanese ceramics maker , has developed a toilet that can check the user 's health . 
With the new TV spots , Ogilvy & Mather has opted for a family style with lots of laughter , hugs and tears . 
Bristol-Myers Squibb Co. , the entity formed from the recent acquisition of Squibb Corp. by Bristol-Myers Co. , logged the largest volume decline , 7,592,988 shares , to 12,017,724 . 
Paris loved her at first sight . 
But many Californians may not have adequate insurance coverage to pay for damages to their property . 
9:53 a.m . 
In 1976 , he teamed up with record producer Neil Bogart in Casablanca Records and Filmworks -- later called Polygram Pictures -- where they produced such hits as as `` The Deep , '' and `` Midnight Express . '' 
Saudi Arabia 's foreign minister met in Damascus with President Assad to develop a plan for the withdrawal of Syria 's 40,000 troops from Lebanon as part of a settlement of that nation 's 14-year-old civil war . 
It expects to post a loss of 6.4 billion yen for the year ending tomorrow and its liabilities currently exceed its assets by about 13.8 billion yen . `` 
Technology stocks , says Mr. Goldman . 
Coffield Ungaretti Harris & Slavin brought in Howard A. Menell as a partner in its Washington , D.C. , office , which opened Oct. 1 . 
Federal officials who had been probing the bank for months arranged a merger with European-American Bank & Trust , owned by six foreign banks , to avert the closedown . 
Had the suit been filed in time , they said , `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' would have been suppressed . 
The cement producer said the payment was made from excess cash flow . 
So one popular ploy is to make a prospective investor feel like an insider , joining an exclusive group that is about to make a killing . 
The remainder is held by the public and by family interests , a spokeswoman for the French group said . 
For instance , juries would have to consider specific `` aggravating '' and `` mitigating '' factors before deciding whether to condemn someone to death . 
Yesterday 's Centennial Journal misstated the company 's name . 
And though federal law dictates that only $ 100 million can be disbursed from that fund in any one state per disaster , administration officials expect Congress to move in to authorize spending more now in California . 
Many traders forecast a continuation of the market 's recent bearish trend and predict the U.S. currency will remain stuck in its relatively narrow ranges in the near term and then shift lower . 
My back is still in knots and my hands are still shaking . 
The West Germans then took over and finally found Markus Hess . 
Finding God 
The nation 's largest pension fund , which oversees $ 80 billion for college employees , plans to offer two new investment options to its 1.2 million participants . 
At the same time , he is expected to seek legal and regulatory means of blocking or delaying Paribas 's bid . 
Gregory Damonne Brown of Fremont , Calif. , a hardworking , reclusive young bachelor , told that story to the Tax Court . 
Ogilvy 's chairman , Kenneth Roman , is leaving to take a top post at American Express . 
Consumers Power Co. filed with the Michigan Public Service Commission a contract to buy power from the Palisades nuclear plant under a proposed new ownership arrangement for the plant . 
I have thus committed sufficient personal outlay to ensure that my grounds and lodgings will never be short of greens and flowers . 
With Mr. Vila as host , `` This Old House '' became one of the Public Broadcasting Service 's top 10 programs , airing weekly on about 300 of the network 's stations and seen by an average of 12 million viewers . 
You 're the real criminal here ... and what you did was n't just a murder -- it was a crime against humanity . '' 
Moscow claims this is all needed to protect the Kabul regime against the guerrilla resistance . 
The rally notwithstanding , there are plenty of worries about the short-term course of stock prices . 
The Japanese company hired Richardson Nagy Martin , a Newport Beach , Calif. , architectural firm , to design what the Japanese press has dubbed `` the Beverly Hills of Tokyo . '' 
A TVS spokesman said he did n't know Mr. Price 's plans . 
Pacific Telesis Group lost 62.5 cents to $ 44.625 . 
Both banks have been battered , as have other Arizona banks , by falling real estate prices . 
Vietnam is finding that turning a stagnant socialist order into a dynamic free market does n't come easy . 
Insurance premiums for one small Maryland concern went up 130 % in less than two years , the last increase coming after one of its three workers developed a herniated disk . 
That means that a corporation , after a specified amount of time has passed , can buy back its bonds by paying investors the face value ( plus , in some cases , a sweetener ) . 
Second , a long-term shareholder of a good company need n't worry too much when the stock price drops temporarily : It will bounce back . 
Alternatively , it would offer to swap three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
When the opportunist Lucio ( Jack Stehlin ) visits the convent to inform Isabella of her brother 's fate , Lucio not only slaps the mother superior on her rear , but brings along a voluptuous companion ( Jill Powell ) , not in Shakespeare 's script , to undulate lasciviously . 
In the year-earlier third quarter , Poughkeepsie Savings had net income of $ 2.8 million , or 77 cents a share . 
`` Only two classes of minds would think of this -- very weak human players , and computers , '' said Edmar Mednis , the expert commentator for the match , which was attended by hundreds of chess fans . 
EC Agriculture Commissioner Ray MacSharry said the U.S. plan `` calls into question '' the agreement reached by world negotiators last April in Geneva seeking `` substantial progressive reductions in agricultural support and protection . '' 
A GOP Senate fund-raising letter from Sen. Burns of Montana is made to appear personally written , and its opening line is , `` Please excuse my handwriting . '' 
That is due mostly to payments from Allianz for most of the 50 % stake it has agreed to acquire in Navigation Mixte 's insurance business . 
Eugene S. Clarke IV 
He argued that both CPI and PPI have in fact decelerated since spring . 
RIVER RUN : 
In a generation or two some of the New Crowd may attain true respectability , perhaps to be displaced in turn by a later flock of unscrupulous raptors . 
And , by the end of that week , the key federal funds interest rate , which is largely controlled by the Fed , had settled at 8.75 % , barely changed from the level of just under 9 % that prevailed the previous week . 
Chicago businessmen Bertram M. Lee and Peter Bynoe signed a new agreement to purchase the Denver Nuggets basketball team , but not as principal owners . 
Trucking , shipping and air-freight companies have announced rate increases , scheduled for this fall or early next year , reflecting higher costs and tightened demand for freight transport . 
Tandy has added several new products to that line , including a laptop computer priced around $ 1,000 , and is focusing its advertising on the easy-to-use software that is packaged with its machines . 
El Salvador is destroying more than 1.6 million pounds of food that had rotted in government warehouses , government officials said . 
Since Sept. 1 , about 13 million fewer bushels of U.S. soybeans have been sold overseas than for the same period last year . 
The most arbitrary of these is the imposition of `` service fees , '' which will directly widen the cost spread between U.S. and foreign markets . 
But if the board rejects a reduced bid and decides to explore other alternatives , it could transform what has been a harmonious process into an adversarial one . 
Trained dolphins : pur-poises . 
In other words , after the glory boom of the Reagan years , wages had sunk from the post World War II peak by 16 % as capitalists , helped by the government , turned down the screws or went offshore . 
The TV units of Paramount and MCA are exploring offering prime-time programming to independent stations two nights a week . 
Steven F. Kaplan was named a senior vice president of this graphics equipment company . 
Analysts say Mr. Suominen had grown increasingly worried about the state 's potential financial exposure as Waertsilae Marine 's losses ballooned to more than double the figure estimated in August . 
Part of the drop will come from an anticipated charge of as much as $ 500 million from the proposed sale of its Rouge Steel unit . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Dun & Bradstreet closed yesterday at $ 53.75 , down 25 cents a share . 
Judge Sentelle , of the appeals court in Washington , made this point at a Cato Institute conference last week in a remarkable speech titled , `` RICO : The Monster That Ate Jurisprudence . '' 
A spokesman for National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , said the network was `` looking into what happened . '' 
Baker offered to review Israel 's `` suggested changes '' to his proposal for direct Israeli-Palestinian talks . 
Overall , Honeywell reported earnings of $ 74.4 million , or $ 1.73 a share , for the three months ended Oct. 1 compared with a loss of $ 41.4 million , or 98 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Henry Sargent Jr. , Pinnacle executive vice president , said the action `` wo n't really have any effect on us . 
Cincinnati-based P&G took an interest ; it ordered two studies on psyllium and cholesterol . 
The stock closed at $ 38.50 on heavy volume of about 3.5 million shares . 
Wasserstein Perella & Co. is the dealer-manager for the offer , which will expire Nov. 29 , unless extended . 
But the size , shape and role of the NSC staff have been left for each president and his national security adviser to decide . 
In the coming months , however , this is likely to change . 
The last federal execution before the Supreme Court 's 1972 ruling banning the death penalty took place in 1963 , meaning that the federal government did n't exercise its execution authority for eight years . 
Anxiety is rising over recent government proposals to eventually lower the strict barriers that now separate -- and protect -- the two industries from each other . 
More than 100,000 claims against Robins are pending . 
`` Corporate profits are going to decrease faster than interest rates will fall , and the probability is that we 'll see negative economic growth in the fourth quarter . '' 
Catherine Adams , the Beebes ' lawyer , said the verdict would not discourage other plaintiffs from filing such suits . 
For employee and employer alike , the worry is widespread . 
He contended that the Fed wo n't ease rates further , but predicted Bundesbank officials will relax key rates in West Germany . 
The new technology , which creates a very thin piece of steel , radically reduces the costs of making flat-rolled sheets . 
Wells Fargo 's return on equity increased to 24.4 % from 23.8 % . 
Too early to tell , but a trade deficit that is significantly smaller than we imagined does suggest a review of our trade posture . 
Moreover , some analysts said they expect a foreign paper company with deeper pockets than Georgia-Pacific to end up acquiring Nekoosa , signaling to the rest of the industry that hostile bids are unproductive . 
`` I think there is a damned good chance someone is going to hit the skids on this , '' said Oppenheimer & Co. analyst Myron Picoult . 
We know Verdi 's own contribution was mighty impressive since the operatic `` Libera me '' was reworked for the Manzoni Requiem , of which he wrote every note himself having learned his lesson . 
The junk market 's `` yield hogs are learning a real painful lesson , '' he says . 
Flights are `` missions . '' 
The wall behind me was slightly deformed , but the center had held . 
Under bankruptcy law , Eastern has exclusive rights for a certain period to develop its own reorganization plan . 
However , inflation for 1990 was seen slowing to 4.5 % . 
A spokesman also said margins for the company 's service business narrowed somewhat because of heavy investments made in that sector . 
`` The Thief and the Dogs '' is a pioneering work , the first stream-of-consciousness novel in Arabic , but it is likely to disappoint Western readers . 
The round-trip fare to Havana is 410 Irish punts ( $ 578 ) . 
Mr. Louis-Dreyfus , in a recent interview , said he might sell `` a marginal agency or office . '' 
Next door she put a smaller plaid-floored glass house , where , she suggested , a flat of strawberries might be displayed in the dead of winter . 
`` There are a lot of them , and they have property . '' 
Each of them contributed a section at the behest of Verdi , who was nearly driven to his own early grave by the troublesome arrangements . 
All of a sudden , prices were no longer in denominations of 100 or 200 . 
I want people in the barber shops and the beauty shops and standing in line at the rib joints to be talking about the show . 
Some researchers say new cancer drugs to slow or reverse tumor growth may be based on the suppressor proteins normally produced by the genes . 
Finally , a $ 300 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 12 classes by Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
`` If they tried to sell , they 'd be chasing their own tail . 
High-yield traders said spreads between the bid and offered prices of Western Union junk bonds have been widening for some time , and in certain cases , bids for Western Union securities are not available . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
CBS will pay an average of $ 82 million more each year than ABC and NBC had paid together -- and those two networks expect losses on baseball this season . 
Following the dive in U.S. stocks , the mark has strengthened more than its major counterparts . 
His credentials are excellent for the task . 
While Mideast crude imports were higher compared with year-earlier levels , they fell 18 % compared with August imports . 
Like Lebanon , and however unfairly , Israel is regarded by the Arab world as a colonial aberration . 
With no floor debate , the Senate on Friday voted 69-26 to convict Mr. Hastings of perjury and conspiring to accept a bribe , five votes more than needed . 
In particular , many are snubbing the scotch preferred by their parents and opting for bourbon , the sweet firewater from the Kentucky countryside . 
W.R. Grace & Co. said it formed a new horticultural-products company by combining its soil-nutrients and fertilizers business with Sierra Chemical Co. , Milpitas , Calif . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
But traders on the exchange floor , who can observe the computer-guided trading activity on monitor screens , said most of the top program-trading firms were active both days . 
Mr. Percival declined to comment . 
The three-page Crown Royal ad features a black-and-white shot of a boring holiday party -- and a set of colorful stickers with which readers can dress it up . 
Like which are droppable and which are not . 
`` Someone must monitor where the funds are deployed , '' says Mr. Dave . 
`` People tend to see risk primarily on that one dimension , '' says Timothy Kochis , national director of personal financial planning for accountants Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
Japan 's wholesale prices in the first 10 days of October fell 0.3 % from the previous 10 days but rose 3.3 % from a year ago , the Bank of Japan said . 
The rest , he is confident , can be raised . 
The problem , says Mr. D'Arcy , a psychologist , is that `` it 's very hard to get any hard measures on how stress affects job performance . 
This makes enormous sense in Japan , where direct tax accounts for more than 70 % of revenues and the capture rate of direct tax is so unfair . 
But some fear imposing a temporary gasoline tax increase in the meantime could undercut support among voters for the measure . 
PRECIOUS METALS : Futures prices inched upward in mostly lackluster trading . 
My mind was miles north at a place called Coogan 's Bluff , where a real sports hero had captured the imagination of a kid who never fully grew up and is all the richer for it . 
Some patent lawyers had hoped that such a specialty court would be filled with experts in the field . 
After all , in all five recessions since 1960 , stocks declined . 
But there still may be prolonged debate and political maneuvering that holds up the $ 156.7 billion funding bill for the fiscal year that began Oct. 1 . 
A final opinion must be approved prior to the acceptance of tendered shares for payment under the offer , which was due to expire at 12:01 a.m. EDT today . 
Leading the assault against the Egg King has been United Egg Producers . 
`` I ca n't think of any reason to join Lloyd 's now , '' says Keith Whitten , a British businessman and a Lloyd 's member since 1979 . 
The council 's annual report has psyllium on its last page , lumped with such unglamorous export items as sarsaparilla and `` Nux vomica , '' a plant that induces vomiting . 
DFC asked the central bank to appoint managers after it revised loan-loss provisions to around the same level of shareholders ' funds of 180 million New Zealand dollars ( US$ 105.4 million ) . 
Paying off that debt put such a squeeze on Campeau and its stores that Federated decided to sell off the jewels of its retailing empire , including Bloomingdale 's . 
Power failures kept just seven of its 1,500 automated-teller machines off-line . 
I 've learned one thing from candidates , A technique so deftly done : If a question ca n't be answered , Strongly answer an unasked one ! 
Local bar associations in some states have numbers that provide free tape-recorded messages explaining certain areas of the law . 
The prosecutor quoted statements from the Marcoses in which they said they were in this country at the invitation of President Reagan and that they were enjoying the hospitality of the U.S. . 
Yet a bill tailored to the interests of a single individual passed Congress with almost unimaginable speed , before the judicial process had run its course , and , indeed , while the Morgan case was awaiting a ruling by the appellate court . 
Fluent in Spanish from his days in the Peace Corps , Mr. Courter actively courts minority voters but seems oddly over his head . 
Kodak , based in Rochester , N.Y. , said IBM also had bid for the business . 
Also closely watched is Exxon Corp. , where short interest slid to 4,469,167 shares from 5,088,774 . 
Machine tools are complex machines ranging from lathes to metal-forming presses that are used to shape most metal parts . 
Fujitsu said it hopes the Hiroshima contract will help it secure pacts with other municipalities . 
Housing and Urban Development 's budget is $ 17 billion . 
Sales of health-care products increased 6 % in the third quarter , based in part on strong sales of prescription drugs such as Premarin , an estrogen-replacement drug , and sales of the company 's infant formula . 
Mr. Crary said testimony by Kodak 's patent counsel , Francis T. Carr of Kenyon & Kenyon , showed that `` he worked with Kodak continuously from the outset of the project '' in an effort to avoid infringement . 
Primarily that putting one of these inner-city deals together takes time , patience , breadth of vision and negotiating skills that not all developers possess . 
According to industry executives , Peter Sutherland , a former European Community commissioner from Ireland , was also a serious contender for the American Express job . 
This information was gleaned from your own news stories on the region . 
In the ratings compiled by the A.C. Nielsen Co. , ABC , which broadcast the World Series , topped the competition with a 14.8 rating and 25 share . 
According to reports released by the two government agencies , domestic consumer and wholesale prices each rose by 0.2 % in October from the previous month . 
Rather , senior administration officials said that the unexpected meeting was scheduled at Mr. Bush 's request because of his preference for conducting diplomacy through highly personal and informal meetings with other leaders . 
Several components that track the health of the manufacturing sector of the economy turned down in September . 
Paramount Communications Inc. said it sold two Simon & Schuster information services units to Macmillan Inc. , a subsidiary of Maxwell Communication Corp . 
The Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-Share Index plummeted 40.4 points to close at 2149.3 . 
By buying futures contracts , these companies attempt to protect themselves from swings in the price of the corn that they are obligated to deliver . 
The share price was languishing at about 400 pence before Ford 's Sept. 19 announcement of its interest in a minority stake . 
Officials of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency said they have punished only a few banks for violations of anti-discrimination laws . 
Yet Jack 's the one who can remember every dive they ever played , and when , and he dutifully shows up for work night after night ( he consoles himself with booze and by showing up at the last minute ) . 
Wilfred American Educational Corp. said a federal grand jury in Boston indicted the operator of cosmetology and business schools for mail fraud . 
`` I do n't know of any living ballplayer that 's ever done it , '' says Jack Smalling , a dealer in Ames , Iowa , and a recognized expert in the field of baseball autographs . 
Prenatal diagnosis of genetic defects as early as the sixth week of pregnancy is increasingly common today . 
The administration said improvements in Costa Rica 's economic condition warrant the cut in aid , which the country uses mainly to make payments on its $ 4.5 billion foreign debt . 
Chairman Antonio Asensio will retain a 70 % share in Zeta . 
But will it be enough ? 
`` We 're not running that ad campaign any more , '' Mr. Straszheim snaps in a rare show of irritation . 
For rival liquor companies , the Whitbread auction is a rare opportunity to acquire valuable brands . 
While American PC sales have averaged roughly 25 % annual growth since 1984 and West European sales a whopping 40 % , Japanese sales were flat for most of that time . 
Its capital will also be raised to 232.4 billion lire ( $ 172.5 million ) from the current 204.3 billion lire . 
The fund also might buy and sell futures and options contracts , subject to approval by the New York State Insurance Department . 
Yesterday , the city demolished two dwellings in the district because of severe structural damage and said as many as 19 of the district 's 350 dwellings might have to be razed . 
Inflation may be stable at the moment , running at about 4.5 % . 
The joint venture is being undone , with McCall 's magazine being sold last summer to the New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group for about $ 80 million , and Time Warner agreeing to sell back its 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother to Mr. Lang . 
`` There are very few companies that can boast of such a close-knit group , '' says Robert A. Brawer , 52 years old , recently named president , succeeding Beatrice Coleman , his mother-in-law , who remains chairman . 
The pressure for change will rise with costs . 
DPC said it could n't comment on the suit . 
In any case , supplies to patients wo n't be interrupted , the company added . 
Courtaulds ' shares rose 15 pence to 362 pence , valuing the entire company at about # 1.44 billion . 
`` They have to continue to tighten their belts , '' said Craig Kloner , an analyst at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
A Soviet legislative panel rejected as not radical enough a government proposal on decentralizing economic control . 
Crane officials did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
But the company 's latest quarter was a few pennies a share lower than the more pessimistic projections on Wall Street . 
The British pound , pressured by last week 's resignations of key Thatcher administration officials , nevertheless rose Monday to $ 1.5820 from Friday 's $ 1.5795 . 
The rapidly flashing return signals from excited hydrogen atoms in the blood give a `` stop-motion '' movie of the blood-filled vessel , ( like the `` stop-motion '' seen in disco dancers when a strobe light is flashing ) . 
Britain , France and Italy pull out of a proposal to build new NATO frigates ; the U.S. and West Germany have each withdrawn from missile projects . 
MCI Communications , the most active issue , finished down 5\/8 to 42 1\/8 . 
Today , this branch of Mr. Rey 's empire runs under the name Omnicorp Offering Services and handles mergers and acquisitions , placement of securities and real estate . 
Warner tells another . 
Although the New York market plunge prompted a 70.5-point drop in the London Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100 Share Index , Mr. Leigh-Pemberton declared `` that the experience owed nothing to the particular problems of the British economy . '' 
Basf AG said it moved its headquarters for Latin America to Mexico and the headquarters for the Asia\/Australia regional division to Singapore , effective Oct . 
Some in Washington contend that it 's too soon to tell whether Mr. Breeden will help or hinder the SEC . 
Mr. Stevens 's remarks , confirming a report in The Wall Street Journal that British Air wants to start from scratch in any new bid for the nation 's second-largest airline , helped push UAL stock lower for the fourth straight day . 
In September 1988 , that level was 9.5 % . 
And cultivating a luxury image strong enough to persuade consumers to pay more than $ 15 for lipstick or eye makeup requires a subtle touch that packaged-goods companies have yet to demonstrate on their own . 
`` The administration should now state that if the { February } election is voided by the Sandinistas ... they should call for military aid , '' said former Assistant Secretary of State Elliott Abrams . 
But violation could bring substantial tax penalties to both employer and employees . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Recognition rose 87.5 cents to $ 6.625 . 
However , even USX executives who work closely with him are n't sure about his long-term goals . 
At a news conference this week , Bank of Japan Gov. Satoshi Sumita cautioned banks to take a `` prudent '' stance regarding highly leveraged deals . 
Control Data Corp. , which just months ago was hemorrhaging financially , thinks it will be healthy enough soon to consider repurchasing public debt . 
This is like asking foxes to feel remorse about chickens , and naturally rescissions are almost never approved . 
Futures prices eased on indications of improvement in the industry 's labor situation . 
They strongly suggest that Justice 's prosecutions of Drexel Burnham Lambert , Michael Milken and Princeton\/Newport violated notions of fundamental fairness . 
Mr. Niciporuk sits . 
Meanwhile , Wall Street 's volatility unnerved investors in other markets . 
It 's a good strategy in a rising market , where a 25 % leveraged portfolio in effect allows investors to have 125 % of their money working for them . 
Are the hats merely part of her new L.A. persona , along with the many ultra-thin Capri cigarettes she smokes , the parties she throws for 500 people , the Chekovian feasts she offers guests at her weekend place in Santa Barbara ? 
He argued that the current circuit-breaker system allows investors to know `` precisely when and where any trading interruptions will occur and how long they will last . '' 
A spokesman for the retail jeweler said the company would provide more details today and that it expects to reach a definitive agreement by the end of the week . 
Sen. Boren said the committee could n't defend itself by making the documents public because that would violate classification rules . 
But its success has been largely in the sale of small , nonperforming companies , which are valued for their assets . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial public offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 will be offered by the company and 334,774 will be offered by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. , Hambrecht & Quist Inc. and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
A subsequent rally in UAL helped the staggering stock market stage an astonishing recovery from an 80-point deficit to finish only slightly below Monday 's close . 
Mr. Gorbachev badly needs a diversion from the serious economic problems and ethnic unrest he faces at home . 
Northwest Airlines settled the remaining lawsuits filed on behalf of 156 people killed in a 1987 crash , but claims against the jetliner 's maker are being pursued , a federal judge said . 
Magazines are n't delivered at all , even if an individual 's name is listed ; employees who want their magazines have to pick them up from the mail room or the company library -- and are told to change the subscriptions to their home addresses . 
Australia 's inflation is expected to rise as high as 8.3 % in the quarter ending March 30 , but could fall to around 7 % by June , according to economists . 
With ballots from most of the state 's major cities in by yesterday morning , the Republicans came away with 10 % of the vote in several of the key districts . 
Mr. Noriega also conveyed intelligence from his spy operation inside the Nicaraguan capital of Managua . 
It 's hard to believe this really is happening . 
Any hiring is confined to retail sales . 
That brought the average 's cumulative gain this week to about 114 points . 
Meanwhile , total fabrication demand for silver has risen six years in a row , he says . 
4:30 a.m . 
Losses at its Malapai Resources Co . uranium-mining unit narrowed to $ 3.4 million from $ 18 million a year ago , which included a $ 9 million write-down of utility inventories . 
Mr. Andersson says he is confident that taking parts of the company public will help erase the `` conglomerate stigma '' that has held down Trelleborg 's share price . 
The new manager will face the daunting task of leasing 1.8 million square feet in a relatively soft Chicago real estate market . 
Conservatives , embarrassed by Republican influence-peddling scandals at the Department of Housing and Urban Development , have used the issue in an effort to shift blame onto a Democratic-controlled Congress . 
The Turner move is in line with a cable-TV trend toward more original programming -- and toward finding more ways to amortize the high cost of producing films . 
Under terms of the sale , Nuggets owner Sidney Shlenker could receive up to $ 11 million in additional payments from the franchise 's future earnings . 
St. Paul Medical Center , also in Dallas , sees only a `` minimal erosion '' of support staff due to AIDS . 
A bloated payroll and pervasive graft caused Pemex 's operating costs to balloon to 95 cents of each $ 1 in sales , far above the industry norm . 
But Judge Louis L. Stanton of federal court in Manhattan ruled that the city could n't be faulted for waiting too long because it did n't realize until 1986 that its ownership of the painting was in dispute . 
`` But when prices were crazy , it was even harder to do an LBO . 
In addition to resuscitating the old issue of whether death sentences deter criminals , this bill has made race a major part of the death-penalty debate . 
Wary investors have been running for the stock market 's equivalent of bomb shelters , buying shares of gold-mining and utility companies . 
But because first-quarter demand is normally the weakest of the year , several market participants say , OPEC production will have to decline to keep prices from eroding further . 
As previously reported , the account is troubled , with Philip Morris asking Backer Spielvogel Bates , Ogilvy & Mather , and possibly others to try their hand at developing new creative work . 
The field took off in 1985 after scientists at Britain 's Sheffield University developed a handy , compact magnet for brain stimulation . 
To be sure , one wonders what kind of man is this , who feels compelled to try to understand the most primitive longing and instinct in a way that requires the most sophisticated appreciation of visual storytelling . 
`` You could still have some very bad times ahead , '' said Mr. Bachmann . 
This trader characterized the recent price action as a contest between the fundamentalists , who see higher prices ahead , and the technicians , who are basically buying cotton toward the bottom of the current trading range , around 71 cents , and selling it when the price climbs more than 74 cents . 
There are $ 15,845,000 of 7 3\/8 % bonds priced at par and due 2004 ; $ 22,985,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2009 ; and $ 82.6 million of 7.60 % bonds priced at par and due 2019 . 
The Bonanza franchise system , which generates about $ 600 million in sales annually , represented substantially all of the partnership 's assets . 
One Egg King -- which at just under four feet tall and two feet wide has been likened to the robot R2-D2 -- can crack about 20,000 eggs an hour . 
Though President Bush 's political critics at home have been urging him to open a more direct dialogue with Mr. Gorbachev , it actually was the arguments of leaders within the Soviet bloc itself that led the president to seek the December meeting . 
At the current price , the USAir holding represents 9 % of all the assets that Mr. Steinhardt manages . 
`` One is the panic , the earthquake in San Francisco , which is positive . '' 
The pool invested idle cash for many state agencies and local governments . 
He 's the kind of guy who rescues trampled flags . 
The Camden County congressman still carries himself with a trademark `` I'm-coming-down-your-throat '' intensity , but at a pause in Newark 's Columbus Day parade recently , he was dancing with his wife in the middle of the avenue in the city 's old Italian-American ward . 
Jaguar executives said last week they expect to have a friendly alliance with GM wrapped up by the end of the month . 
On Friday , Intel began notifying customers about the bugs which cause the chip to give wrong answers for some mathematical calculations . 
Their reaction was to do nothing and ride it out . '' 
First Boston incurred millions of dollars of losses on Campeau securities it owned as well as on special securities it could n't sell . 
One party could stand for consumer interests , small government , free trade and globalism to put Japan clearly among the most developed and open countries . 
Yet under its 45-year-old president , Trelleborg moved aggressively into those unfashionable base industries -- first strengthening its existing rubber and plastics division , later adding mining as well as building and construction materials . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. said it agreed definitively to acquire one of Control Data Corp. 's computer-maintenance businesses . 
Couple Counseling Grows to Defuse Stress 
Integrated Resources said talks have ended with another potential buyer of its core businesses . 
A quake that measures two on the Richter is n't twice as severe as a `` one '' -- it 's 10 times worse . 
Revenue was C$ 291.6 million , up from C$ 252 million in 1988 . 
For example , President James A. Garfield is entombed here , the victim of an assassination in 1881 . 
BanPonce jumped 4 1\/2 to 47 3\/4 after agreeing to be acquired by Banco Popular de Puerto Rico for $ 56.25 a share . 
In 1983 `` extended wear '' versions , designed to be worn for 30 days at a time , wree offered . 
Color Systems , which converts black-and-white film to color videotape , posted a loss of $ 7.1 million , or $ 1.32 a share , on revenue of $ 10.6 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
The stock , to be purchased on the open market or through privately negotiated transactions , will be held as treasury shares for stock options or other general corporate purposes . 
The insurance brokerage agency , just a fragment of Helmsley 's vast empire , would be the first piece of the company to be stripped away since last summer when Mr. Helmsley 's wife , Leona Helmsley , was found guilty of tax evasion . 
Nissan , in a 34-page tract , modestly compares its `` hydraulic active suspension '' to a cheetah , and equates the various parts to the animal 's heart , brain , nerves and blood vessels . 
Of the proceeds , $ 500 million will be used to fund its tender offer . 
People said they did n't think a billion-dollar deal would trade . '' 
Administration officials defend Mr. Bush 's decision to make the trip . 
One of the reasons Bush administration aides are anxious to insist that the coming meeting will be informal is to avoid comparisons with the last such loosely structured superpower gathering , former President Reagan 's 1986 meeting with Mr. Gorbachev in Reykjavik , Iceland . 
There are only two large puppets in the program : Pong Pagong and a monkey named Kiko Matsing . 
Cross & Trecker Corp. said it reached an agreement to sell its Wiedemann division to recently created Murata Wiedemann Inc. , a U.S. affiliate of Murata Machinery Ltd. of Kyoto , Japan . 
-- Marrill J. Pederson . 
Save the sequester , and let Washington scream . 
Mr. Ireland said 11 DC10-30 aircraft that PWA also said it plans to sell , beginning in 1992 , have a current half-life value of about $ 34 million each , or a total $ 374 million , raising aggregate potential proceeds from the aircraft sale to about $ 1.02 billion . 
Securities regulators praise Drexel for its energetic effort , led by government-approved general counsel Saul S. Cohen , to settle its legal problems with the states . 
At 10:33 , when the S&P 500 December futures contract crunched to a 12-point loss under the force of sell programs , S&P futures trading was halted and program trades on the Big Board were routed into a special computer that scans for order imbalances . 
Bethlehem Steel 's profit plunged 54 % in the third quarter , hurt by higher costs and lower shipments to key clients . 
But LTV 's move marks the first effort by a major steelmaker to counter the free fall in spot prices . 
At its November meeting , it will try to revise its quotas to satisfy Persian Gulf members that can produce far more oil than their allotments . 
`` This particular issue goes to the very integrity of the capital-formation market , '' state Banking Commissioner Howard Brown said . 
Not one thing in the house is where it is supposed to be , but the structure is fine . 
In June 1980 , Michele Sindona -- an Italian financier who in July 1972 had bought a 22 % block of Franklin 's stock from Loews Corp. , headed by Laurence A. Tisch -- was sentenced to 25 years in prison after being convicted of fraud and perjury . 
Negative answers crackle back . 
Both moves are effective today . 
The fourth part , consisting of $ 22 million of 12 1\/2 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1999 , was priced at 85.339 with a yield to maturity of 15.50 % . 
Sears posted a 16 % drop in third-quarter profit as U.S. retail operations recorded the first loss in over five years . 
The plan thus places a large new affirmative-action program , based on `` socioeconomic disadvantage , '' on top of the existing program based on race . 
`` Some retail accounts , such as commercial banks and pension funds , wanted to get on the bandwagon before it was too late , '' said Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
Mr. Lang points out that even Success , in part , fits the company 's image , since about 30 % of its readership is female . 
And with the quiet pragmatism of Mr. Guzman Cabrera replacing the prickly populism of La Quina , government technocrats have been given a free hand to open the petrochemical sector to wider private and foreign investment . 
In a brief filed with the Supreme Court last week , Mr. Pretl criticizes the appeal for raising `` abstract '' and `` theoretical '' legal issues , while jeopardizing the proposed reorganization and the settlement payments to claimants . 
It helped Dictaphone attract better engineers , and it provided new technology for other company products . 
Merrill has been one of the main firms executing index arbitrage for customers . 
Also , the premiums paid by the U.S. government on a purchase of copper for the U.S. Mint were lower than expected , and acted as a price depressant , analysts said . 
The initial coupon on the floating-rate notes will be 12.9375 % . 
For all six million workers under major collective bargaining agreements , regardless of when they were signed , wage increases in the first nine months of 1989 averaged 2.5 % -- including cost-of-living adjustments . 
Pressed by Chairman Dan Rostenkowski ( D. , Ill . ) of the House Ways and Means Committee , Treasury Undersecretary Robert Glauber told a congressional hearing that the administration would give up its demand for the capital-gains tax cut if faced with a potential default . 
`` But my daughter could n't , until she was too ill to take it . 
( They are Grace Energy Corp. of Dallas and Marine Drilling Co. of Houston . ) 
Shoppers , many of whom operate small businesses , pay annual membership fees , which provide an income base for the stores . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. and Tandem Computers Inc. also signaled that they should recover quickly . 
Oppenheimer 's Mr. Palmero , meanwhile , is steering clear of Gaylord Container , Stone Container and Federal Paper Board . 
The World Bank also offered 100 million Swiss francs of 6 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1999 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.83 % via Credit Suisse . 
Aside from Nomura 's injured pride , the biggest victim so far has been the New Zealand government . 
Those duties had been held by Van Pell , 44 , who resigned as an executive vice president . 
Competition is intensifying as larger companies invade a mountain-bike market Mr. Sinyard 's company once had virtually all to itself . 
They can be relieved only by changing that system , not by pouring Western money into it . 
The U.S. unit dipped to a session low against the mark just after the release of the U.S. consumer price index . 
Last month , program trading accounted for 20.9 million shares a day , or a record 13.8 % of the Big Board 's average daily volume . 
`` Earlier generations were brand loyal across categories , '' he says , `` but boomers tend to be brand loyal in categories like running shoes and bottled water , but less so in others like toilet paper and appliances . '' 
The Justice Department rejected the implication that its prosecutors are currently more willing to plea bargain . 
Another measure makes commodity brokerage firms liable for violations committed by independent floor brokers who execute trades for them . 
Cincinnati Microwave Inc. said it introduced two radar detectors . 
`` The market will have to look for a new theme now and that theme will be a return to growth , '' declares Mary Farrell , a PaineWebber analyst . 
And the question remains whether the jury system can maintain its integrity while undergoing such a skillful massage . 
Company officials have said they plan to reduce that ratio to less than 50 % over the next 2 1\/2 years . 
A Toto spokesman said the toilet not only tests blood pressure , pulse and urine , it also stores the data for up to 130 days . 
It is merely the most obvious . 
Imports rose 11 % to 18.443 trillion lire in September from a year earlier , while exports rose 17 % to 16.436 trillion lire . 
Treasury Securities 
And the researchers themselves acknowledged they still must do much more work before they can say whether the treatment would actually cure humans . 
If I were to ask a sample of American parents , `` Do you wish the elementary schools to encourage creativity in your children ? '' the near-unanimous answer would be , `` Yes , of course . '' 
They are not interchangeable , since they are motivated to act based on their own circumstances . 
Separately , Innopac reported a fourth-quarter loss of about C$ 2.6 million , or 18 Canadian cents a share , reflecting inventory write-downs . 
A soft landing is n't something that can be achieved once and for all , Mr. Confair adds . 
The 249-166 roll call came as the chamber approved a compromise bill allocating $ 17.2 billion to the departments of State , Justice , and Commerce in fiscal 1990 and imposing increased fees on business interests making filings with the government . 
Shaw Industries , which agreed to acquire Armstrong World Industries ' carpet operations for an undisclosed price , rose 2 1\/4 to 26 1\/8 . 
His Tuesday night team , the Leftovers , is in first place . 
However , the Treasury said it will postpone the auction unless it has assurances of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auction date . 
The action is a counterclaim to a suit filed by Alaska in August against Exxon and six other oil companies . 
Little known outside the legal world but a powerhouse within , Litigation Sciences , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi PLC , employs more than 100 psychologists , sociologists , marketers , graphic artists and technicians . 
It is generally agreed that when CFCs rise from earth to stratosphere , the chlorine in them is capable of interfering with the process through which ultraviolet rays split oxygen molecules and form ozone . 
Westmoreland exports about a fourth of its coal tonnage , including a significant amount of metallurgical coal produced by others that is used by steelmakers overseas . 
See , the other rule of thumb about ballooning is that you ca n't steer . 
It 's George Bush wanting to meet a foreign leader and talk to him directly . '' 
`` Besides , we have enough on our plate . 
When a hospital in Lexington installed a lithotripter last year , demand for a similar kidney-stone smashing machine at a Humana hospital in Louisville fell 34 % . 
Said the spokeswoman : `` The whole structure has changed . 
Now they 're losers and he 's in jail in Mobile County . 
For him , natural history is anything but a gradual , predictable march from primordial slime to human consciousness ; it is a careening , chaotic affair in which the emergence of a featherless biped was a one-in-a-million shot . 
Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. say they use voice-activated systems to record and verify orders between salesmen and traders . 
But with the impending passage of these new programs , Mr. Bush will surely be sending many people hurtling back into the regulatory thicket that he had helped cut back . 
Sometime next year , Control Data will `` develop a new bank relationship , '' Mr. Perlman said . 
Furukawa Electric Co. said it plans to increase production of computer memory devices on a large scale in the U.S. and Japan . 
`` Most American investors have just given up , '' Mr. Brody says . 
`` Wall Street thinks of everything in terms of money , '' says Tom Gallagher , a senior Oppenheimer & Co. trader . 
In addition , the principles attempt to eliminate the so-called Delaney Paradox . 
Mr. Cawthorn said the profit growth in the latest quarter was due to the sale of two Rorer drugs . 
Most see little reason to doubt that their cash will go toward these noble goals . 
But if the Japanese return in force , their financial might could compensate to some extent for local investors ' waning commitment . 
Before 1974 , a President could `` impound , '' or refuse to spend , funds appropriated by Congress . 
GE , along with a division of Ebasco , a subsidiary of Enserch Corp. , have been building the first 250-megawatt phase of the project , which they expect to complete in late 1990 . 
And before it does , they 're trying to cut back on the clutter that created the situation in the first place . 
British Gas shed 8.5 pence a share to close at 185 pence ( $ 2.90 ) . 
The second ship is scheduled to be delivered in fall 1990 and the third in fall 1991 . 
It is as though the land knows of its own beauty , of its own greatness , and feels no need to shout it . 
Both Ford and its rival General Motors recently set their sights on grabbing significant minority stakes in the British company . 
They were old-fashioned elegant gentlemen , who happened to be of German Jewish extraction . 
On Friday , the American Diabetes Association issued a similar statement urging the six million U.S. diabetics not to overreact to the British report . 
Fundamental fairness and a sense of responsibility lead us to share operating efficiencies with our customers . '' 
And the Japanese make far more suggestions -- 2,472 per 100 eligible employees vs. only 13 per 100 employees in the 
It has happened before . 
This pattern was particularly evident among more highly educated couples . 
It { Tuesday 's quake } has n't solved our problem . 
`` It 's distracting attention from serious issues , like how to make DEA , FBI and Customs work together '' on drug enforcement . 
After MGM\/UA terminated the $ 1.5 billion merger because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit , Qintex Entertainment -- which is 43%-owned by Qintex Australia -- found itself facing problems of its own . 
And in July , Nissan 's Tennessee manufacturing plant beat back a United Auto Workers organizing effort with aggressive tactics that have left some workers bitter . 
`` You should really think twice if you think you can out-smart the system . '' 
He says fellow bikers show the same concern for the land that they demonstrated as hikers ; many are appalled that the conservation community would suddenly consider them the enemy . 
Alfred Sikes , the new FCC chairman , championed deregulation of AT&T at his last job as head of a Commerce Department telecommunications agency . 
The scare over Alar , a growth regulator that makes apples redder and crunchier but may be carcinogenic , made consumers shy away from the Delicious , though they were less affected than the McIntosh . 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8340 marks , up 0.0040 . 
`` Going into the fourth quarter the sales comparison will be more difficult , '' predicted restaurant analyst Howard Hansen of Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
In this case , that 's about $ 250,000 . 
While renewing military aid had been considered out of the question , rejected by Congress and de-emphasized by the Bush administration , Mr. Ortega 's statement provides Contra supporters with the opportunity to press the administration on the issue . 
Today , Mr. Lang believes his magazines will offer what many women 's magazines do n't . 
Under the agreement , Prospect is permitted to increase its stake in Recognition to 30 % . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , as previously reported , had net of $ 65.9 million , reversing a $ 3.5 million loss a year earlier ; its latest results include a $ 37 million gain from the sale of an institutional money management business . 
In a message read out at the rally , exiled ANC President Oliver Tambo , who ca n't legally be quoted in South Africa , said the country was at a crossroads and that Mr. de Klerk `` may yet earn a place among the peacemakers of our country '' if he chooses a `` path of genuine political settlement . '' 
Government statistics in fact show that the profit rate -- net pretax profits divided by capital stock -- peaked in 1965 at 17.2 % . 
Prospect slipped 25 cents to $ 10.50 in national over-the-counter trading . 
By a 26-7 margin , the committee scuttled the more expensive alternative , and the debate forced a strained confrontation between Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and his party 's largest state delegation in the House . 
The wholesaler of cash and carry merchandise reported fiscal fourthquarter earnings that were better than analysts had expected . 
Mercedes sold 82,348 cars in 1988 . 
Pharmaceuticals were mostly higher , with SS Pharmaceutical gaining 140 to 1,980 . 
Among the three worst-performing groups , with declines of 10 % to 20 % , are airlines , casinos and securities brokers . 
True , when you went to college , there was n't that much to learn . 
MGM Grand said the latest stock offering wo n't cover the $ 600 million or more cost of building the proposed resort and theme park , and added it will need to seek additional financing , either through bank borrowings or debt and equity offerings , at a later date . 
While domestic orders climbed an adjusted 8 % and a nominal 11 % in September , foreign orders declined 4 % after inflation and 1 % on a nominal basis . 
A unit of DPC Acquisition Partners launched a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the shares outstanding of Dataproducts Corp. , and said it would seek to liquidate the computer-printer maker `` as soon as possible , '' even if a merger is n't consummated . 
At a yearling sale , a buyer can go solo and get a horse for a few thousand dollars . 
He also denounced Moscow 's nine-year involvement in the war in Afghanistan , saying it involved `` gross violations of ... civil norms and ethics . '' 
Amid the market disorder , even Drexel , which has the widest and most loyal following of junk bond investors , is pulling in its horns . 
The insured bonds are rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Its GM Hughes Electronics and financial-services units both reported that third-quarter earnings were down from a year earlier . 
Like all genes , tumor-suppressor genes are inherited in two copies , one from each parent . 
For whom is the saving ? 
The shares are redeemable after the end of 1994 . 
Likewise , journalists John Burgess and Michael Isikoff of the Washington Post have estimated that at least $ 800 million was transferred from Japan to the U.S. to deal with the church 's annual operating losses in this country . 
Because he sees a `` 5 % to 6 % base rate of inflation in the economy , '' he doubts that interest rates will fall much any time soon . 
Christopher Castleman , LIT chief executive , said in an interview that the loss stemmed from the default of three options traders who had bet on a price rise in UAL Corp. shares before Oct. 13 . 
But a medical clinic with about 20 employees wrongly listed all of them -- including physicians and receptionists -- as independent contractors . 
Much of the cost of cleaning up after the earthquake will involve repairing highways and bridges . 
FADA , which holds problem assets of thrifts that were closed before the bailout legislation was enacted , is being liquidated . 
In major market activity : 
BellSouth 's `` back-end protection was flawed previously . 
Safety authorities did n't immediately know the cause of the blasts . 
The state agency was particularly vexed to learn that the Rubens and a half-dozen other paintings listed among the bank 's `` furniture and fixtures , '' were actually hanging in the chairman 's house . 
Mr. Guber also says in his affidavit that Mr. Daly `` told us that even if Sony did not want us , Warner 's relationship with us already was irreparably damaged , that there was no way ` to put the egg together , ' and that it would sue Sony for tons of money . '' 
In Washington and on Wall Street . 
It has purchased about 19 million of them . 
The company reported good gains in all of its divisions . 
Sen. Arlen Specter ( R. , Pa . ) urged acquittal of the judge in a brief circulated to his Senate colleagues during closed-door deliberations . 
For one thing , credit-card loans are unsecured . 
`` To the professionals in the trade it did n't cause much surprise . 
After hours of conflict and debate , that jury focuses on the facts with near-perfect objectivity . 
whose Della Femina McNamee WCRS agency created liar Joe Isuzu , among others -- announced a massive restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business and includes selling the majority of its advertising unit to Paris-based Eurocom . 
Friday 's strong price gains confirmed a turnaround in the precious metals markets , according to PaineWebber 's Mr. Frawley . 
In exchange offers that expired Friday , holders of each $ 1,000 of notes will receive $ 250 face amount of Series A 7.5 % senior secured convertible notes due Jan. 15 , 1995 , and 200 common shares . 
Holiday said third-quarter earnings rose to $ 39.8 million , or $ 1.53 a share , from $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , a year earlier . 
He says the Lilly executives told him they could n't take the risk with Wang . 
Contract details , however , have n't been made public . 
Nekoosa 's poison pill allows shareholders to vote to rescind it , but Georgia-Pacific is n't likely to pursue such a course immediately because that would take 90 to 120 days , and would n't affect the provisions of the Maine law . 
`` Peter is the bright , sympathetic guy when you 're doing a deal , '' says one agent . 
Ford faces an uphill fight for Jaguar , however . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.38 , off 0.11 ; spot index 130.09 , off 0.71 . 
Mexico , with its desperate need for investment , and Japan , with its huge budget surplus , would seem like a perfect match . 
It is expected that GE Capital Corp. , a financial-services subsidiary of General Electric Co. , will provide much of the funding for the proposed leveraged buy-out of Merksamer , based in Sacramento , Calif . 
The state bar association 's policy making body , the House of Delegate , voted Saturday to ask Chief Judge Sol Wachtler to give the bar 's voluntary program three years to prove its effectiveness before considering mandatory pro bono . 
It 's not that we do n't know how to , because we do . 
Says Allen D. Wheat , head of trading at Bankers Trust Co. : `` People are just plain scared . '' 
It 's a matter of being close to those suppliers ; many of those companies do n't know us as well as they should . '' 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
It was n't known to what extent , if any , the facility was damaged . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Tuesday on the back of Wall Street 's steep drop and renewed fears over U.K. economic fundamentals . 
A former vice president of the Singapore branch of Drexel Burnham Lambert Group Inc. was charged in court yesterday on 19 counts of cheating . 
The good news -- to fans of stable credit , at least -- is what the rejection says about the state of mind of junk buyers . 
The average seven-day compound yield of the funds reached 9.62 % in late April . 
The red ink came as no surprise to Wall Street , but analysts said they saw ominous hints of a further delay in volume shipments of Version 1.1 , a harbinger of continued losses in the fourth quarter . 
Ameritech 
With the dust settling from the failed coup attempt in Panama , one of the many lingering questions the Bush administration will ponder is this : Is the National Security Council staff big enough , and does it have enough clout , to do its job of coordinating foreign policy ? 
The composite portrait that emerges is n't of a pampered jock marking time until he can land a seven-figure pro contract -- he 's part of a tiny minority . 
Having resided in the great state of California for the past seven years , I find it hard to ignore our environmental problems when I start my commute to work with eyes tearing and head aching from the polluted air ; when I try to enjoy the beaches and come home covered with tar and oil ; when I hear of numerous deaths related to irresponsible processing of cheese and use of chemicals in fruit growing . 
The decision to keep the embattled F-14 's production line running for at least another year is an important victory for the House , and especially for Rep. Les Aspin ( D. , Wis . ) . 
None of this backlash could change the fact that Ms. Brown 's regime was remarkably undistinguished and unimaginative . 
Then I remembered the quake of '71 , which I experienced in Santa Barbara in a second-story motel room . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : Prices closed lower after trading in relatively narrow ranges because of strong selling in the cash market and continued favorable harvest weather . 
Mr. Leemans said this genetic manipulation does n't hurt the growth of that plant . 
On the other hand , they make sure at a minimum that their systems are described in their employee handbooks and talked up by personnel specialists . 
Stock prices rallied in active trading . 
Much of its attention was spent fighting organized labor 's initiatives on issues the small-business community traditionally opposes -- from raising state minimum wage levels to mandating benefits in health plans . 
SANTA FE PACIFIC PIPELINE PARTNERS Limited Partnership , of Los Angeles , increased its quarterly cash dividend to 60 cents a unit from 55 cents , payable Nov. 14 to units of record Oct. 31 . 
Scott E. Thomas says the plans give employees `` a bonus in the form of charitable donations made from an employer 's treasury '' in exchange for the political donation . 
Though Ms. Pfeiffer has the flashy part -- she gets the best comic bits and to wear glamorous dresses and spiked heels the boys are pretty great , too . 
Investment-grade corporate bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point lower , while most junk bonds ended unchanged . 
Industry analysts predict that by 1995 , South Korea will be building three million cars a year -- about half of that for export . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5990 , up from $ 1.5920 late Wednesday . 
Mr. Baker hears her out , pokes around a bit , asks a few questions and proposes some explanations . 
Its partners are United 's pilots , who were to own 75 % , and UAL management at 10 % . 
But when market interest rates move up rapidly , increases in bank CD yields sometimes lag . 
Dr. Levy 's answer may come with a new kind of magnetic brain probe , a device that he and dozens of U.S. researchers are studying with great hope . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
She now lives with relatives in Alabama . 
I can adjust the amount of insurance I want against the amount going into investment ; I can pay more or less than the so-called target premium in a given year ; and I can even skip payments if my cash reserves are enough to cover the insurance portion of the policy . 
The Thurmond bill would establish a federally administered death sentence for 23 crimes , most of which were formerly punishable by death under federal statutes that the Supreme Court invalidated . 
Capital expenditure in 1990 will rise slightly , Mr. Marous said , from an estimated $ 470 million this year . 
The company also hopes the latest acquisition will help secure large construction orders from Japanese concerns with U.S. operations . 
They are a tribute to Federal 's management which , since the company 's founding 16 years ago , has had its way with its work force -- an unusual feat in the contentious transportation industry . 
Friday 's trading volume totaled 132.8 million shares . 
Mr. Angrist writes on the options and commodities markets for The Wall Street Journal . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. said Prime Computer Inc. has agreed to resell as much as $ 200 million worth of Sun 's machines over the next two years . 
Some results are self-explanatory . 
Mr. Bush 's veto power puts him a commanding position in the narrowly divided House , but a vote to override his position could well pick up new support because of the wealth of health and education programs financed in the underlying bill . 
Waxman sells a variety of hardware products for the home repair market . 
`` I think that you will see a significant improvement in the budget formulation and execution process which , in turn , I believe will result in a significant increase in revenue , '' he said . 
Ways and Means veteran Gephardt ( D. , Mo . ) moves to the House Budget Committee ; Rep. Cardin ( D. , Md . ) replaces him ... . 
`` There 's no reason to believe that juries rule inappropriately , '' he says . 
According to Gen. Sundarji , that would have forced Bofors to disclose the names of the middlemen who received kickbacks from the company . 
Related Roommates Trim Hospital Bills 
The Bloomfield Hills , Mich.-based real-estate holding company said it will offer the rights at $ 8.75 a share to shareholders of record on Oct. 26 . 
Veterinary products are showing especially strong growth , Mr. Bergsma said . 
Both China and Taiwan are seeking seats in GATT , which sponsors trade-liberalizing agreements and sets world-commerce rules . 
Brokers clutching thick folders stand in lines , waiting their turn to speak to the underwriters . 
Furthermore , because timing is so critical with RU-486 , she will learn , via a pelvic examination and ultrasound , not only that she is pregnant , but just how pregnant she is . 
Others said IBM might increase the size of the offering to as much as $ 1 billion if investor demand is strong . 
ABB said the contract , signed with the Dutch utility N.V . Energieproduktiebedrijf UNA , is valued in excess of $ 200 million . 
But with growth come growing pains , and never has this been clearer on the Indian capital market than now . 
Luis Carlos , knowing that helping the Americans could advance the career of any Panamanian officer , relayed Tony 's reports on the leftist tendencies he observed among his fellow students and , more important , among his officers and instructors . 
And do n't expect anyone to change the term `` blue chip , '' either , even though some of the companies that still enjoy the title may be riskier investments than they were . 
For the past seven years , investors have had the wind at their backs , in the form of a generally growing economy . 
But other sectors failed to attract investor interest and remained sluggish , making overall trading appear mixed . 
Step 1 cleans up our books . 
Some California thrift stocks also fell , including Golden West Financial Corp. and H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , which reported lower earnings yesterday . 
For providing what his customers described as very personal and helpful service . 
Another concern is liquidity , or how easily a security can be converted into cash . 
While Westinghouse has n't had a nuclear power plant order from a U.S. utility in about a decade , excess capacity is beginning to shrink . 
The nine major U.S. auto makers plan to build 147,121 vehicles this week , down 9.6 % from the 162,767 a year ago , but 2.5 % higher than last week 's 143,534 . 
However , Judge Weinstein wrote in his opinion late last month that terrorism and acts of war against civilians can not be defined as political acts . 
Addressing a conference of the New York-based Institute for East-West Security Studies in Frankfurt yesterday , Mr. Genscher said , `` History will judge us by whether we have taken the opportunities that emerge from these reforms . '' 
Rhone-Poulenc , a chemical and pharmaceutical company , said RTZ Chemicals has annual sales of about $ 900 million . 
`` { Wall Street } is beginning to realize -- as Shakespeare said -- the trouble is not in our stars , but in ourselves . '' 
Part of the problem , though , may reflect a general unwillingness to work with the urban poor . 
One analyst noted that the company often has better store locations than do its franchisees , thus aiding promotional efforts . 
Investment banking revenue fell 32 % to $ 205 million , in part reflecting the continued slowdown of the underwriting business . 
Each 5,000 mark bond carries one warrant and one certificate for four warrants , exercisable from Dec. 18 , 1989 , to Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % above the closing share price when prices are fixed Oct. 30 . 
Under the super-majority amendment , certain mergers and other transactions would require approval of holders of 80 % of the company 's common shares outstanding . 
Mr. Guttman told one person familiar with the New York exchanges during the search for a replacement that he was looking for a president who would be `` responsive to the needs of the membership and the board . '' 
Nissan Motor Co. 's Infiniti division likes to insist that every dealer construct and furnish a building in a Japanese style . 
`` I 'm not accusing insurers of dereliction of duty , '' Robert Patricelli of the U.S. Chamber of Commerce told Mr. Waxman 's panel . 
He said ours is supposed to be `` a government of laws not of men , '' and yet RICO defenders `` tell us that we should rely on prosecutorial discretion to protect against overbreadth of RICO . '' 
ITT Corp. , its insurance business hurt by Hurricane Hugo , reported a 4 % decline in third-quarter net income , despite a 4.2 % rise in revenue . 
But major packaged-goods players of the world -- such as Procter & Gamble , Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever -- have steadfastly eluded the agency . 
The computer processes 55 million instructions per second and uses only one central processing chip , unlike many rival machines using several processors . 
Thus , the proteins from the yeast are molecularly more like human proteins than those from bacteria . 
Silicon Graphics Inc. 's first-quarter profit rose sharply to $ 5.2 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 1 million , or six cents a share , a year ago . 
A figure above 50 indicates the economy is likely to expand ; one below 50 indicates a contraction may be ahead . 
After all , farmers here work with `` hazardous '' chemicals every day , many of them the same chemicals that would have been destroyed in the incinerator . 
But Mr. Giuliani , a celebrated prosecutor , has had difficulty switching from his crime-busting , finger-pointing mode to a political stance that suggests he might know something about running this big , troubled city . 
Dell Computer dropped 7\/8 to 6 . 
Its suitor , McCaw Cellular , also added 1\/2 to 40 1\/2 on 395,700 shares . 
The women indicated which family member usually did various household chores and the approximate share each did . 
The posters were sold for $ 1,300 to $ 6,000 , although the government says they had a value of only $ 53 to $ 200 apiece . 
Polls bear out this warning , but after a decade of increased Republican influence here , the new politics of abortion have contributed to a world turned upside down for Mr. Courter . 
Two hundred years ago , critics of the new United States Constitution warned that the electoral districts for Congress were too large and encompassed too many different economic interests . 
Ad Notes ... . 
While utilization management frequently reduces hospitalization costs , these savings are often offset by increases in outpatient services and higher administrative costs , according to the report by a panel of health-care experts . 
The probe , which is painless , non-invasive and apparently harmless , employs strong magnetic fields to induce small whirlwinds of electricity within the brain . 
An Eastern spokesman said `` the $ 40 million will have no effect whatsoever on the asset structure of Eastern 's plan . 
Why is the stock market suddenly so volatile ? 
Other winners included real estate issues Mitsubishi Estate , which closed at 2,500 , up 130 , and Mitsui Real Estate Development , which gained 100 to 2,890 . 
Under the new approach , Sears set prices that were somewhere between its old `` regular '' and `` sale '' prices . 
UAL'S STOCK SKIDDED an additional $ 24.875 , to $ 198 , as British Airways indicated it may balk at any hastily revised version of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Air 's parent . 
The major question , said one holder who asked not to be named , is whether New York investor Bennett S. LeBow , whose Brooke Partners controls Western Union , is willing to offer a large enough equity stake to entice bondholders into agreeing to a new swap . 
Soon after that report , two other research teams uncovered evidence that the same damaged p53 gene is present in tissue from lung and breast cancers . 
Neal Litvack , marketing vice president for Fidelity Investments , said inflows Friday into Fidelity 's Spartan and Cash Reserves money-market funds were about twice normal levels , with about half coming from equity and junk-bond funds . 
But the market remains uneasy about Mr. Major 's policy strategy and the prospects for the pound , currency analysts contend . 
AT&T predicted strong growth in demand for such products . 
Coda owned 60 % of the pipeline and private entities owned the rest . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Gannett 's third-quarter earnings rose 11 % to 52 cents a share from 47 cents in the year-ago period . 
Michael , which also processes potatoes , still relies on spuds for about a fourth of its sales and nearly half its pretax profit . 
British government bonds ended moderately higher , encouraged by a steadier pound and a rise in British stocks . 
Still , criminal defense lawyers worry that defendants are being deprived of their Sixth Amendment right to counsel and a fair trial if the government can seize lawyers ' fees . 
The devices might someday serve as temporary pacemakers or restarters for stopped hearts , says Dr. Tacker , whose prototype was dubbed the `` Tacker whacker . '' 
Will he , if he wins , be in the thrall of the most liberal of his allies , who advocate such policies as rent control for commercial buildings , or will he tilt toward the real-estate interests that have funneled money into his campaign ? 
Voyager 2 sent back spectacular photos of Neptune and its moon , Triton , this summer . 
The Canadian wound up writing a check . 
For the week the Dow Jones Industrial Average sank 92.42 points , or 3.4 % . 
In consenting to the injunctions , none of the individuals or companies admitted or denied the allegations . 
`` I do n't know where all the buses are . '' 
Insurers face the prospect of paying out billions of dollars for damages caused by this week 's California earthquake . 
If the Paribas bid succeeds , it will be the second time in two months a big French investment banking group has snapped up an insurance group . 
But it will be years before it is clear whether higher rates will offset the payouts for such disasters . 
That would hold spending on the program at about the previous year 's level . 
UNR recently emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings that left 64 % of the reorganized company 's common stock in the hands of trustees of an asbestos-disease claims trust . 
HomeFed had been one of the handful of large West Coast thrifts that in recent quarters had counteracted interest-rate problems dogging the industry by keeping a lid on problem assets and lending heavily into the furious California housing market . 
If approved at a shareholder meeting in December , the number of shares outstanding would decrease to five million from 50 million , and par value would rise to 10 cents from a penny . 
Personally , I 'm glad there are people like him around to slow down the profit takers , and those who are in such a blind hurry for something that may appear to benefit them in the immediate future , not caring about the long-range implications . 
In short , throw away the passbook and go for the glory . 
Interest will be paid semi-annually . 
Two guys from Gary , Ind. ? '' 
The Upper Saddle River , N.J. , communications firm said it is considering alternatives to the restructuring of the senior secured notes because of changes in the high-yield market . 
We suggest that Mr. Fernandez find an incompetent principal , toss him out of the building and let the forces of the status quo explain to the parents whatever it is they 're defending . 
One proposal is to introduce a new payment system for parking in Paris . 
On Friday , Hambrecht & Quist added St. Jude Medical to the list of 20 stocks it strongly recommends . 
CHARLES SCHWAB & CO. , San Francisco , discount brokerage firm , annual sales of $ 392 million , had only minor damage to headquarters building and was up and running for yesterday 's market open . 
They talked of the home run . 
The 13.25 % subordinated debentures due 2002 were issued in August 1987 as part of the $ 690 million financing for a leveraged buy-out of the company . 
To understand what Mr. Engelken means , one must go back to a sunny October afternoon in 1951 at New York 's Polo Grounds stadium , where , it can be argued , the most dramatic moment in baseball history was played out . 
-- Ivern Ball . 
And he has attached himself to the Lincoln story tenaciously . 
`` Saturday Night '' has cast actors to appear in future stories ranging from the abortion rights of teen-agers to a Nov. 4 segment on a man named Willie Bosket , who calls himself a `` monster '' and is reputed to be the toughest prisoner in New York . 
Separately , Colgate Wednesday finalized an agreement with MacroChem Corp. , a tiny dental products and pharmaceutical concern based in Billerica , Mass. , to market in the U.S. four of MacroChem 's FDA-approved dental products . 
The government moved aggressively to open the spigots of federal aid for victims of the California earthquake , but its reservoir of emergency funds must be replenished soon if the aid is to continue . 
Mr. Marinaro could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
Back in 1975 , late in the season , a then-21 Mr. Gideon made his only major league appearance , five and two-thirds innings for the Texas Rangers against the Chicago White Sox . 
He says the number of automobile choices is causing stress among consumers today , and that people will simply ignore new models that lack a well-defined image . 
Researchers could n't estimate the cost of the drug when it reaches the market , but they said FK-506 will enable patients to cut hospital stays by 50 % and reduce the number of blood tests used to monitor the dosage of cyclosporine and other drugs among transplant recipients . 
In its basic structure and style the book is novelistic , with piquant character portrayal , hard-wire action and devious intrigue of the sort more likely to be encountered in a Washington docudrama than in a constitutional history . 
Thus , Mr. Sinyard 's company must innovate more than ever to stay ahead of them , by developing new products specifically for mountain biking . 
Before the union rejected the company 's offer and the strike was launched with the graveyard shift of Oct. 4 , Boeing had been counting on turning 96 aircraft out the door in the present period . 
Dealers said there was late talk of a Whitbread sale of brewing operations to Scottish & Newcastle . 
Yvon Bussieres was named senior executive vice president and chief operating officer of Provigo , a new position . 
WHICH IS the best medicine for runaway health costs : competition or regulation ? 
And that , in turn , would only strengthen the argument of those who oppose execution under any circumstances . 
But yesterday 's agreement would make it easier for state governments to handle the promised aid by deferring for one year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants . 
Burlington 's operating profit grew to $ 9.2 million from $ 3.8 million a year earlier , Pittston said . 
He sees a shift in American values -- at least regarding apples -- toward more emphasis on substance and less on glitz . 
A year earlier , net was $ 71.6 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
A spokesman for underwriters Salomon Brothers Inc. said Beatrice cut its high-yield offering to $ 251 million from a planned $ 350 million after it became clear the company would have to give investors higher yields . 
Courtaulds Chairman and Chief Executive Sir Christopher Hogg will remain in both posts at the surviving chemical company after the spinoff . 
In early trading in Tokyo Friday , the Nikkei index rose 170.65 points , to 35544.87 . 
Under the originally contemplated terms of the offering , the notes would have been reset annually at a fixed spread above Treasurys . 
Another analyst , John C. Maxwell Jr. of Wheat , First Securities in Richmond , Va. , recently went to a `` sell '' recommendation on Kellogg stock , which closed Friday at $ 71.75 , down 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The high court , leaving intact a $ 4.25 million damage award against General Dynamics Corp. , declined to resolve questions about a legal defense against civil lawsuits often used by government contractors . 
Erik Keller , a Gartner Group analyst , said organizational changes may still be required to really take advantage of CIM 's capabilities -- someone on the shop floor may not like having someone in an office using a personal computer to look over his shoulder , for instance , and may be able to prevent that from happening . 
On just three big deals -- for four years of baseball and for the Olympic Winter Games in both 1992 and 1994 -- Pilson bid a total of $ 1.64 billion . 
However , the officials said it was too early to disclose the nature of the proposed projects or indicate when the talks might be concluded . 
Basketball star Michael Jordan and singer Randy Travis have also agreed to appear in ads . 
There are at least 27 class-action shareholder suits that have been consolidated in federal court in New York under U.S. District Judge Milton Pollack . 
The Fed exercises a power given to it by Congress and the president . 
Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi set a date next month for general elections that some analysts say could cost him and his ruling Congress ( I ) Party control of the government . 
Even if B.A.T receives approval for the restructuring , the company will remain in play , say shareholders and analysts , though the situation may unfold over the next 12 months , rather than six . 
The maker of engineered materials has acquired more than 2.7 million shares under the program . 
The Golden Gate handled as many cars as normally yesterday , but over four hours rather than the usual two-hour crush . 
The government is sharpening its newest weapon against white-collar defendants : the power to prevent them from paying their legal bills . 
Mr. Connolly noted that net third-quarter charge-offs , at $ 63 million , improved slightly from the $ 67 million in the second quarter . 
Longer term , the impact is unclear . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-A by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Wells Fargo & Co. of San Francisco posted a 17 % jump . 
Giant Group said a federal court in Delaware has denied a motion by Rally 's Inc. seeking to block a group led by Giant Chairman Burt Sugarman from acquiring more of the company 's shares . 
The company also named Michael E. Gellert , a director and a major shareholder , to fill the vacant seat of chairman . 
In 1986 , Unocal sold a 7.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to Deutsche Erdolversorgungs G.m.b . H. , a West German oil company , for an undisclosed amount . 
Chinese officials are trying to use the Canton Trade Fair to lure back overseas traders after the bloody crackdown on dissent . 
To keep him quiet we invent a new unified command every year or so run by the Army or the Air Force and put more of the Navy and Marines under it . 
A similiar proposal has been made in the W. Herbert Hunt case although he and the IRS are at odds over the size of the non-dischargable debt he would have to pay to the government from future earnings . 
`` There 's either a minority { stake } package capable of getting Jaguar shareholder approval or there is n't , '' said one knowledgeable individual . `` 
Other blue-chip consumer issues also fared relatively well : PepsiCo rose 1 3\/8 to 58 1\/2 ; Coca-Cola Co. was unchanged at 66 3\/4 ; McDonald 's also closed unchanged at 30 1\/2 , and Merck rose 1\/2 to 75 1\/4 . 
The attorney general 's office in Connecticut alone has put seven of them out of business over the past couple of years , and the enforcement drive is continuing there and elsewhere . 
OPEC 's ability to produce more petroleum than it can sell is beginning to cast a shadow over world oil markets . 
NEW ENGLAND CRITICAL CARE Inc. offered $ 35 million in convertible subordinated debentures through Morgan Stanley & Co. and Prudential-Bache Capital Funding . 
Over time , the odds increasingly favor the investor with a diversified portfolio . 
The experiment , applicable to many genetic disorders , involved beta-thalassemia , a severe blood anemia resulting from a missing hemoglobin gene . 
The federation was among the plaintiffs in a lawsuit filed in August against Exxon seeking full payment of environmental recovery costs from the spill . 
An L.L. Bean spokeswoman notes : `` People are just used to living in a last-minute society . '' 
The program trading situation seems to have driven individual investors as well as others out of the market , and even Europeans are suspicious . 
The programming division saw a decline in operating cash flow because the year-ago quarter included a $ 12 million dividend from Turner Broadcasting System and because the quarter includes expenses associated with the Nov. 15 launch of HBO 's Comedy Channel . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
The State Development Board set up a Hugo Hotline to accept business-to-business help . 
Some dealers say other traders were n't picking up their phones . 
To top off the bearish factors affecting yesterday 's trading , late October weather , especially in the Northeast U.S. , continues to be very moderate , leaving heating oil futures trading lackluster . 
`` Readers do n't want to face all those ad pages at the front of a magazine , '' he said . 
The Dorrance family will still receive a substantial portion of the auction proceeds above $ 100 million , people familiar with the transaction said . 
An accelerating move by personal computer manufacturers ' to include advanced graphics capabilities as standard equipment further dampened reseller purchases of Western Digital 's equipment . 
9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
He said it especially will strengthen the company 's efforts in the rapidly growing field of bio-analytical instrumentation , and in applied nuclear physics . 
In that context , Robert Loggia 's riveting performance as the unlovable -- even crotchety -- veteran agent seems a better franchise for a series than most . 
Pretax profit was estimated at 23.0 billion yen , down from 25.51 billion yen , while net income was estimated at 12 billion yen , up from 11.95 billion yen . 
Dr. Marston , 66 years old , succeeds Alexander T. Daignault , 72 , who did n't stand for re-election due to mandatory board retirement policy . 
Each 1,000 mark and 10,000 mark bond is convertible from Nov. 27 , 1989 , to March 21 , 1995 , at a price to be determined when terms are fixed Oct. 25 . 
Total snack-food profit rose 30 % . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery jumped $ 3.20 to $ 370.20 an ounce . 
Answers to a dozen questions in the 1986 , 1987 , 1988 and 1989 national surveys reveal that men and women in the 18 to 24 age bracket are considerably more liberal on race and gender than were the 18 to 24 year olds in NORC 's polling in the early 1970s and early 1980s . 
The Fed 's reluctance to ease credit now could be laying the groundwork for a new recession , perhaps starting early next year . 
One vocal critic of the changes , Chicago lawyer Warren Lupel , says non-lawyers should n't be on the inquiry panels because they are unlikely to appreciate the nuances of attorney-client relationships . 
$ 150 million of 9 % depository receipts due Nov. 27 , 1994 , priced at 101.60 to yield 9.07 % less fees , via Bankers Trust International Ltd . 
He said that the research team had no financial stake in the drug . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
If this pattern continues , the Labor Department said , 1989 will be the first year that the measure has shown an increase since 1981 when the department started comparing expiring contracts with those that replaced them . 
But predictions that central banks of the Group of Seven ( G-7 ) major industrial nations would continue their massive dollar sales went astray , as the market drove the dollar downward on its own , reacting to Wall Street 's plunge and subsequent price volatility , lower U.S. interest rates and signs of a slowing U.S. economy . 
The `` Major Events '' strategy , Mr. Pilson says , is designed to notch a place for CBS on the crowded TV dial of the 1990s . 
The independent-contractor project , which began in 1988 , involves about 350 IRS agents . 
James Fallon , a New Providence , N.J. , marketing consultant to the chemicals industry , says Du Pont still holds an edge in making the pigment because the company was `` first in with the technology '' to lower costs . 
The old guard had every right , however , to disdain the newcomers ' new ways of making money , such as greenmail . 
But Pemex 's courtship with private companies , and especially foreign ones , is controversial in a country where oil has been a symbol of national sovereignty since foreign oil holdings were nationalized in 1938 . 
The suit says the company failed to disclose material adverse information about its financial condition . 
A person can do some heavy thinking about insurance there -- and shop for something more exciting while she 's doing it . 
Mr. Della Femina says he plans to remain heavily involved in the creative product at the world-wide agency , serving as a sort of `` creative conscience . '' 
Cilcorp Inc. , Peoria , Ill. , said it agreed to acquire the environmental consulting and analytical service businesses of Hunter Environmental Services Inc. of Southport , Conn . 
Actually there is a consensus somewhere on sanctions : In May a Gallup Poll found that most South African blacks , 85 % , oppose economic sanctions . 
Czechoslovakia has restricted consumer-goods exports to neighbor countries because of `` massive buying out of food '' by tourists from Poland , Hungary and the Soviet Union , the Rude Pravo daily said . 
Los Angeles will be the site of a new entertainment division for the ad agency . 
Kia is the most aggressive of the Korean Big Three in offering financing . 
A White House spokesman said that while Bush would n't alter a longstanding ban on such involvement , `` there 's a clarification needed '' on its interpretation . 
But devices are there for the asking , whether in stores or through the mail . 
Over the past two years , the Fed has given a handful of banks ' securities affiliates permission to underwrite and deal in a variety of corporate , asset-backed and municipal securities that had previously been the sole domain of securities firms . 
One troubling aspect of DEC 's results , analysts said , was its performance in Europe . 
You just call your broker and say `` buy '' or `` sell . '' 
\*\* Includes $ 9 million write-down of assets and takeover defense costs . 
This amounts to an extraordinary repudiation of the tenure of New York mayoral candidate and former U.S. Attorney Rudolph Giuliani , who was more inclined to gathering scalps than understanding markets . 
Keihin Electric Express Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- 
There is n't any way to continuously measure the amount of tritium in the heavy water , so it 's been difficult to tell whether the tritium formation is related to the heat bursts or some other phenomenon . 
a - Discounted rate . 
The price of coffee has gone down almost 45 % since the beginning of the year , to the lowest level ( after inflation ) since the Great Depression . 
Follow With Care 
British Airways said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Air 's parent . 
Telerate shares fell 50 cents on Friday to close at $ 20 each in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
For the more than 43 million Americans with disabilities , the 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act provides the missing piece . 
While his case may be extreme , it reflects the vulnerability of many small communities to domineering judges . 
`` The proposal , while well-intended , I think can be dangerously misleading because the likely consequence would be to weaken , rather than strengthen the control the SEC has exercised for 50 years over the financial adequacy and viability of broker-dealers , '' Michael Raoul-Duval , managing director of First Boston , said in an interview . 
The exchange should take a pro-active position . '' 
Was there a fiduciary breach in order to obtain personal gain ? 
The debt consists of $ 50 million of 13 3\/8 % subordinated notes due 1998 , and $ 25 million of 9 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2012 . 
Under the existing contract , Rockwell said , it has already delivered 793 of the shipsets to Boeing . 
Her challenge is to keep her fledgling empire on top in the 1990s . 
It counts among its customers a majority of the world 's largest corporations , which entrust their most critical business information to IBM computers . 
`` The conventional wisdom used to be that you could n't modify the immune response of an infected individual '' by innoculating them with synthetic viral proteins , Dr. Redfield said . 
Mr. Gotlieb , who serves as a consultant to Stikeman , Elliott , one of Canada 's biggest law firms , is advising Pepper Hamilton 's Washington office on legal matters related to Canadian-U.S. investment , corporate finance and international transactions . 
The frenetic stock and bond markets cooled off , but the dollar slumped . 
His success is easy to understand . 
Her dismissal angered many in the regional theater establishment and led Peter Zeisler , head of Theatre Communications Group , to write an editorial in American Theatre magazine condemning the board . 
Still , 20 Japanese companies , including giants such as Sanyo Industries Corp. , Matsushita Electronics Components Corp. and Sony Corp. have set up shop in the state of Northern Baja California . 
Dr. Kobayashi responded that he thought the antibody could potentially kill all infected cells . 
The prisons are too crowded . 
The GM agreement is expected to retain Jaguar 's independence by involving an eventual 30 % stake for the U.S. auto giant as well as joint manufacturing and marketing ventures . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.55 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
But it did n't elaborate , and it remains unclear how far Western tourists and foreigners living in Moscow will be allowed to benefit from the sweeping rate cut . 
Investors expect SunGard Data Systems , a company that provides disaster recovery services for computer-dependent businesses , to profit from the earthquake . 
Philips did n't indicate how many shares outstanding it has of either issue . 
GAP Inc. , San Bruno , clothing retailer , annual sales of $ 1.25 billion , NYSE , expects most of its stores to return to full operation and all 2,500 of its Bay-area workers to be back at work by today . 
The U.S. wants a higher won to make South Korea 's exports more expensive and help trim Seoul 's trade surplus . 
Among them were the ALQ-135 electronic countermeasures system for the F-15 fighter . 
In the end , Mr. Davis used junk bonds so that he could raise Paramount 's bid to $ 200 a share . 
When he initially refused , he says , they stabbed him in the back and made off with $ 2,000 and 280 blank tickets . 
HealthVest missed an interest payment to Bank of Tokyo on Oct. 1 . 
Transactions in which prices were disclosed totaled $ 188.1 billion , up 15 % from $ 163.2 billion a year earlier . 
Analysts agree , predicting that the revived market could significantly boost Westinghouse 's bottom line in coming years . 
`` It 's just like weather forecasting , '' says Energy Transportation trial attorney Harry Reasoner of Vinson & Elkins . 
`` But not a single piece of paper was sold . '' 
Investors in stock funds did n't panic the weekend after mid-October 's 190-point market plunge . 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
The Des Moines-based publisher said it created a new Custom Marketing Group that will offer advertisers special rates for combination packages in its magazines , such as Ladies Home Journal and Better Homes and Gardens . 
The move will help the bank to keep up with international solvency ratios being phased in by the Bank for International Settlements and will also represent the first time that its voting shares have been held by a party other than the government . 
Together with the 3.6 million shares currently controlled by management , subsidiaries and directors , the completed tender offer would give Sea Containers a controlling stake . 
The yen 's softness , she says , apparently stems from Japanese investors ' interest in buying dollars against the yen to purchase U.S. bond issues and persistent worries about this year 's upheaval in the Japanese government . 
The food company , which has 720,000 warrants and about 2.9 million common shares outstanding , said it may increase the offer to purchase any or all warrants that are properly tendered . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Rather than trying to `` lecture us , '' says one congressional aide who attended the two-hour meeting , Mr. Krenz `` wanted to listen . '' 
As part of his plea agreement with the government , the 44-year-old Mr. Craig faces a maximum of three years in prison . 
Analysts predicted that the move would further shake creditor confidence in Qintex Australia and force it to sell assets . 
Ultimately , the specialists view this as yet another step toward electronic trading that could eventually destroy their franchise . 
Separately , the U.S. Embassy has filed three protests in as many days with China 's government , alleging harassment of diplomats and their families , an embassy source said . 
But GM 's results also illustrate the increasing diversity of its operations . 
There have been three days of hot , wind-swept rain , and now with the first sun we are after speckled seatrout , which with redfish provides most of the game fishing hereabouts . 
Viacom Broadcasting Inc. definitively agreed to acquire KOFY ( AM ) and KOFY-FM in San Francisco for about $ 19.5 million from Pacific FM Inc . 
Nearby , five temporary residents of the school shelter sit on stools , having their necks and backs kneaded by volunteer masseuses . 
The shock of seeing homes destroyed and city services disrupted may cause some to confuse priorities such as the true economic value of a freezer full of meat . 
According to an analyst , Cuba ca n't meet all its shipment commitments and has asked Japan to accept a delay of shipments scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
But it may lead to separate financial reports based on different rules for the government entities under FASB rules and those still under GASB rules . 
Look at what happened to UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , and its chief financial officer , John C. Pope . 
W.J. Usery Jr. , labor secretary during the Ford administration , was named to mediate talks to settle the six-month strike by the UMW . 
The attitude of the Wisconsin Investment Board reflects a growing receptivity to time-limited poison pills on the part of institutional investors , as shown by the discussions at recent meetings of the Council of Institutional Investors and my informal survey of several retirement plans with large stock positions . 
At a meeting in Malaysia , Australia and Canada also assailed the British prime minister for criticizing the 49-nation group 's call for Pretoria to ease apartheid . 
Their museum had purchased an Attic black-figured column krater and shipped it from London . 
Within weeks the unfolding Iran-Contra scandal took away Mr. Noriega 's insurance policy . 
That purchase represented an attempt by Whitbread , a venerable British brewer , to become a major player in the global liquor business . 
`` Those devices do n't give sufficient certainty to our bosses in Japan , '' says Yasuo Nakamura , representative of the Industrial Bank of Japan . 
Last year , Mr. Kume said , Nissan exported slightly over one million vehicles , and produced 570,000 cars and trucks at its factories in North America , Europe and Australia . 
But some indexers make little or no use of futures , saying that these instruments present added risks for investors . 
Bell Atlantic Corp. and Southern New England Telecommunications posted strong profit gains for the third quarter , while Nynex Corp. , Pacific Telesis Group and U S West Inc. reported earnings declines for the period . 
Mr. Achenbaum helped Morgan in its recent agency search , and he has a long relationship with Hyundai , which is having severe troubles , including declining sales . 
Friday 's auction will be limited to $ 150 million disbursed by the Central Bank to potential investors . 
Consolidated Papers Inc. said it plans to spend $ 495 million on new paper-manufacturing equipment and facilities . 
Over the weekend , the National Abortion Rights Action League singled out eight politicians , including Pennsylvania 's Mr. Freind , as 1990 targets and held a Washington seminar designed to train its leaders in political techniques , including how to put the anti-abortionists on the defensive in state legislatures . 
Last year the public was afforded a preview of Ms. Bartlett 's creation in a tablemodel version , at a BPC exhibition . 
Many Japanese companies have taken the warnings by the country 's leaders to heart and sought development partnerships rather than landmark properties . 
A comprehensive development policy for governors over 30 would seem to be a more pressing need . 
A network spokesman would n't comment , and ABC Sports officials declined to be interviewed . 
`` There will still be deals , '' argues Mr. Connolly . 
Every issue is multisided . 
`` It 's contrary to common sense , '' she added . 
Economists predict the report will show economic growth of about 2.5 % in the third quarter , which would have little effect on financial markets . 
The team reported they managed to induce bacteria to produce a non-toxic version of the poisons produced by the bacterium that causes whooping cough . 
A report by the staff of the Joint Economic Committee of Congress released yesterday concluded , `` It is misleading to make this change without adjusting for other changes . '' 
Coors is hoping to become one of the first companies to distribute bottled water nationwide . 
That means making sure that copies of vital computer software and company records are out of harm 's way . 
Maybe she could step across the plaza to the Met -- where she has still to make her debut -- and help out her Czech compatriot by singing the slow parts of `` Traviata . '' 
Bergen Brunswig Corp. , proposed offering of liquid yield option notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Kidder so far this year has executed a monthly average of 37.8 million shares in index-arbitrage trading , and is second only to Morgan Stanley in overall program trading , which includes index arbitrage . 
NORTH SIDE SAVINGS BANK directors declared an initial dividend of 10 cents a share , payable Dec. 5 to stock of record Nov. 21 . 
It recently began a pilot program to test an electronic trading system called ATS\/2 , the automated trading system created by the International Commodities Clearing House . 
DIGITAL EQUIPMENT CORP. , Maynard , Mass. , computer maker , annual sales of $ 12.7 billion , NYSE , had structural damage at its San Francisco sales office but no appreciable damage elsewhere in the area , including its Cupertino plant . 
Fighting also was reported around the strategic town of Khost , near the Pakistani border . 
Among other things , the restructured facilities will substantially reduce the group 's required amortization of the term loan portion of the credit facilities through September 1992 , MLX said . 
ADVANCED MICRO DEVICES INC. , Sunnyvale , integrated circuit maker , annual sales of $ 1.12 billion , NYSE , had only minor structural damage . 
An investment group led by Chicago 's Pritzker family recently lowered a $ 3.35 billion bid for American Medical International , Beverly Hills , Calif. , because of the threat of the legislation . 
Bouygues S.A. , a diversified construction concern based in Paris , said its consolidated profit for the 1989 first half , after payments to minority interests , surged to 188 million French francs ( $ 30.2 million ) from 65 million francs a year earlier . 
This is in response to George Melloan 's Business World column `` The Housing Market Is a Bigger Mess Than You Think '' ( op-ed page , Sept. 26 ) . 
The state agency , which usually publishes the data on monthly basis , but traditionally combines the index for the two summer-holiday months , said the advance was led by output of consumer goods , which rose 3.5 % from June and was up 7.2 % from a year earlier . 
Negative money was invented in 1988 to make the 1990-94 Five Year Defense Plan conform to the numbers in President Reagan 's final budget submission to Congress . 
`` I care very much for this post , '' he says . 
On Friday , the stock-index futures market was unhinged from the stock market when the Chicago Mercantile Exchange halted trading in Standard & Poor 's 500 futures contract -- a `` circuit breaker '' procedure instituted after the 1987 crash and implemented for the first time . 
Mr. Warren will remain on the company 's board . 
Here are some of the major components of the gross national product expressed in seasonally adjusted annual rates in billions of constant ( 1982 ) dollars : 
Backup computer tapes were hand-carried to an IBM office in Philadelphia , and the company expects its mainframe to be up in a few days . 
Note that the younger couple 's portfolio has a higher expected annual return , 10.1 % vs. 8.8 % , as calculated by Seidman Financial Services , which is the financial-planning affiliate of BDO Seidman . 
In the current mood of the Japanese people , journalists and even some industrialists , giving power to the Socialists might be good for the LDP , cleansing it of past sins . 
In any case , says Dr. Minna of the National Cancer Institute , `` We 're witnessing the discovery of one of the most important steps in the genesis of cancer . 
Now Movieline is located in the same building as Vesoft . 
Opponents show that there are already more funds available than commendable reform efforts . 
With a leveraged position of about 45 % , the fund 's share price has plunged 28.5 % so far this year . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
A month ago , when Beatrice first filed to sell debt , the company had planned to offer $ 200 million of its senior subordinated reset notes at a yield of 12 3\/4 % . 
Mr. Krutchensky approached Ms. Volokh five years ago about backing the publication , which started out as a listing guide . 
UAL stock dropped $ 1.625 yesterday to $ 190.125 on volume of 923,500 shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
In the year-ago period , Bethlehem earned $ 101.4 million , or $ 1.27 a share , including a $ 3.8 million gain from early retirement of debt . 
In 1986 , Stamford officials thanked Mr. Hoelzer for taking care of the mural -- and demanded he return it as soon as possible . 
About 9,800 technical workers , notably chemists and lawyers , were switched to non-union status . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Eagle shares rose 12.5 cents to $ 11 . 
Coca-Cola Co. yesterday said singer Elton John signed to appear in an ad for Diet Coke . 
One chemist privately suggested this hinted that some `` anomalous '' chemical reactions might be producing the heat . 
DISASTER STATES are n't jumping to raise taxes for relief and recovery . 
He says Mr. Briggs told him he was being set up for a `` honey trap , '' in which Mr. Noriega would try to involve him in an orgy and then record the event `` with sound and video . '' 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
`` It is really unfortunate for human beings to be swayed by emotional discussions , '' the association said . 
The Asahi Shimbun , a Japanese daily , last month reported that Aichi revised its tax calculations after being challenged for allegedly failing to report all of its income to tax authorities over a two-year period . 
That money also would have to be borrowed . 
Sears is negotiating to refinance its Sears Tower for close to $ 850 million , sources said . 
A spokesman for Southam declined to comment on the price the company is seeking or on estimates of the paper 's annual losses , which most analysts place at between C$ 4 million and C$ 7 million . 
`` Last season , we did a story that involved spending $ 700,000 in converting a two-family house into a bed and breakfast . '' 
Golden Feldman Furs Inc. began retailing aggressively eight years ago , and now retail sales account for about 20 % of gross income . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Clearly , the central figure in this process is Egon Krenz . 
Simply put , there is n't enough business for every store to grow . 
As a result , yields on long-term muni bonds now stand at about 95 % of long-term Treasury yields , the highest such level in more than two years . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 1989 and Wednesday October 4 , 1989 . 
Few people are aware that the federal government lends almost as much money as it borrows . 
Among other blue chips , Exxon gained 1\/8 to 45 1\/2 . 
Southern 's Gulf Power unit may plead guilty this week to charges it illegally steered company money to politicians through third parties . 
Among Mr. Bacarella 's picks : Oracle Systems , Reebok International Ltd. and Digital Microwave Corp . 
Daihatsu also has the Fellow 90 , the Leeza Spider and the Hijet Dumbo . 
Property reinsurance rates are likely to climb first , analysts and brokers believe . 
Specific-Time Order : This type of order couples many of the orders described above with instructions that the order must be carried out at or by a certain time . 
The comptroller 's office also said that of 37,000 complaints it received since January 1987 , only 16 alleged racial discrimination in real estate lending . 
With this personal strategy firmly in place , I look forward to years of fine life-style investments and increasing widespread leverage . 
I understand , but have n't yet verified , that there are studies by Norwegians , Russians and the Max Planck Institute that show either unchanging or declining UV-B at the surface . 
`` The whole of Europe and the industrialized world is suffering from a breakdown in infrastructure investment , '' he says . 
As a result , UAL 's chairman , Stephen M. Wolf , pulled out of the buy-out effort to focus on running the company . 
`` Everybody forgets that there are fashion cycles in classic merchandise , '' observes Carol Farmer , a retail consultant . 
This year , the older someone is the bigger the discount . 
Many economists think the rise in the value of the U.S. dollar this year will further crimp progress in trade , because it makes exports more expensive and imports cheaper . 
Mr. Lee , president of Luzon Petrochemical Corp. , said the contract was signed Wednesday in Tokyo with USI Far East officials . 
Sammye Meadows Sam Rushforth Gary Bryner Heber City , Utah 
Maidenform products are mainly sold at department stores , but the company has quietly opened a retail store of its own in Omaha , Neb. , and has 24 factory outlets , with plans to add more . 
With annual sales of about 30 billion pesetas , Zeta publishes over a dozen magazines , including the popular Tiempo , Interviu and Panorama , and three regional dailies . 
The bank is a subsidiary of Baltimore-based MNC Financial Inc . 
He has been considered several times for appointments to federal district and appellate court vacancies in Pennsylvania . 
c - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share and extraordinary gain of 14 cents a share from cumulative effect of accounting change . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Homestake closed at $ 15.25 , down 25 cents . 
It expects to begin construction by year end and start shipping four-megabit dynamic random-access memory chips by mid-1991 . 
Meanwhile , the government 's Land Bureau reports that only about a third of Korean families own their own homes . 
Mr. Hubbard , who died in 1986 , bequeathed the copyrights on his writings to his church , which licensed them to New Era Publications , a Danish corporation . 
Great American Bank , citing depressed Arizona real estate prices , posted a third-quarter loss of $ 59.4 million , or $ 2.48 a share . 
Educators added that Next needs to soon offer a color version of its computer . 
Mr. Kim of J. Walter Thompson does n't think so . 
Wang 's customers are data processing managers who want to be sure that their suppliers are stable , wellrun companies that will be around to fix bugs and upgrade computers for years to come . 
Sony Corp. , which temporarily dropped out of the PC business three years ago , started selling its work station in 1987 and quickly became the leading Japanese company in that market . 
Another person close to the talks said , `` It is very hard to justify paying a silly price for Jaguar if an out-and-out bidding war were to start now . '' 
Such so-called male-sterile plants can then be fertilized by pollen from another strain of the plant , thereby producing hybrid seed . 
`` Right now most of the roads into the Bay area are closed , but the list of closings changes about every 20 minutes . 
`` All our efforts are now focused on improving earnings to the point where we can fund additional new-country development , continue to invest in the business and reinstate the dividend , '' he added . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
A genetically engineered version of the human protein developed by Amgen Corp. of Thousand Oaks , Calif. , recently has been marketed by the Ortho Pharmaceuticals division of Johnson & Johnson . 
The case is pending . 
Some writers in theoretical journals even raised the notion of introducing democracy , at least in the workplace . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items increased 22 % to # 92.6 million from # 75.6 million a year earlier , while fully diluted earnings per share rose to 29.90 pence ( 47 cents ) from 24.68 pence ( 39 cents ) . 
And he favors a more cooperative approach toward the neighboring states of New Jersey and Connecticut in the battle over companies thinking of moving employees out of New York City . 
Three years later , machinery producer Ateliers de Constructions Mecaniques de Vevey S.A. was to become part of the Rey empire . 
The company said its quarterly results are now being publicly filed as the result of the formation earlier this year of employee stock investment plans . 
Caesars World Inc. plans to defend its august reputation by sinking $ 190 million into its opulent Caesars Palace , next door to the new Mirage , and adding a $ 100 million shopping area reminiscent of Rodeo Drive . 
New Jersey is a proving ground for this aggressive women's-rights movement this year . 
Mr. Sloan praises the company as recession resistant and notes that it has an annual earnings growth rate of 32 % a year over the past five years . 
`` There is no difference of opinion between ( Chairman ) Lord King and Sir Colin on any aspect of company policy . 
She represents a new breed of savvy consumer who puts bargain prices , nutritional and environmental concerns , and other priorities ahead of old-fashioned brand loyalty . 
The 142 institutional-type money funds rose $ 2.23 billion to $ 85.49 billion . 
The $ 82.8 million of Series B bonds , which are n't subject to the alternative minimum tax , were priced at par to yield from 6.85 % in 2000 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
When the market fell below that level on Monday and then yesterday could n't climb above that level , traders started selling out their positions . 
As of Sept. 30 , Mercury 's assets were $ 2.25 billion , down from $ 2.62 billion a year ago . 
Richard Buckley said Stevric 's acquisition of Arby 's `` would allow seasoned franchisers and food-service operators , with no conflicts of interest , to stabilize franchisee relations and properly refocus the company 's energies toward growth . 
The disk drives will doubtless sell well when they finally become available . 
Kemper Financial Services Inc. , charging that program trading is ruining the stock market , cut off four big Wall Street firms from doing any of its stock-trading business . 
He is taken aback in an interview when asked whether , as mayor , he plans on reforming the political `` fiefdoms '' that perpetuate the monumental ineffectiveness of New York 's school system . 
HOLIDAY ADS : 
$ 100 million issue of collateralized mortgage obligations is being offered in four classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
The department also said it takes four months to establish a trend . 
A Rake 's Progress Means Branching Out 
He says that even if the natural gas contract boosts volume at the exchange strongly , the 1990 business plan calls for having adequate compliance people to ensure that exchange rules are being followed . 
Beghin-Say said the sale will be done in two parts and will raise a total of 2.025 billion francs ( $ 325 million ) . 
At the moment gold traders are n't concerned about inflation , he said , and as for the dollar , `` gold 's association with the currency has been diminishing recently so drops in the currency are n't having much impact on gold . '' 
They note that when an unexpectedly sharp widening in the U.S. trade gap in August was reported earlier this month , hopes for a sustained narrowing of the trade deficit were dashed and sentiment gripped the market that the U.S. economy was losing its momentum . 
`` An unknown quantity to most of the art world , Paul is no stranger to lavish spending , '' the magazine said , noting that he does n't stop at paint on canvas but also spends big on art you can eat . 
Stevens 's dutiful conflation of the public and private realms -- like his beloved master 's -- destroys all it was designed to preserve . 
Although other resignations may follow , it 's still not clear to what extent the change in party personnel will alter the government 's resistance to fundamental change . 
BizMart , another retailing stock , was off 3\/8 to 8 1\/4 on nearly 80,000 shares . 
`` Consolidation has been long overdue . 
The average accepted yield bid was 9.617 % for a price equivalent of 98.523 . 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
The first priority for Wang 's sales force is to make sure it holds on to existing customers . 
One airline official said about three times as many free-travel coupons are being turned in as in previous years -- not surprisingly , as the airlines last year allowed many travelers to build up mileage at triple the normal rate . 
By repeatedly drawing the jury 's attention to the arm , the defense lawyers planted doubt about the origin of the woman 's injuries . 
G. Christian Hill and Ken Wells contributed to this article . 
Within the past two months a bomb exploded in the offices of the El Espectador in Bogota , destroying a major part of its installations and equipment . 
April 22 , 1988 : 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
Both Unocal and Burlington had been seen as potential targets for a British Petroleum bid . 
If that proves true , analysts say Banco Exterior could be a prime partner -- or even a takeover target -- for either a Spanish or foreign bank seeking to increase its market share after 1992 , when the European Community plans to dismantle financial barriers . 
Specter , the vice chairman of the Senate 's evidence panel , said there was `` insufficient evidence to convict '' the Miami jurist . 
Royal contends that Realist failed to disclose material information , including Realist 's negotiations to acquire Ammann Laser Technik AG , to stockholders prior to Realist 's June 6 annual meeting . 
But some large insurers , such as State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , do n't purchase reinsurance , but fund their own program . 
The anthers in these plants are difficult to clip off . 
Moreover , the opportunity to sell steel at a price acceptable to USX may be gone , for now . 
The result is a generation of young people whose ignorance and intellectual incompetence is matched only by their good opinion of themselves . 
The `` Fairness '' Doctrine 's enthusiasts are incumbents in the House who know the rules squelch lively discussions on broadcasts , deterring feisty challengers . 
Dow Jones said it extended the offer to allow shareholders time to review a supplement to the Dow Jones tender offer circular that it mailed last Friday . 
Later , however , the company agreed to meet on Monday with the Seattle Professional Engineering Employees Association after a federal mediator intervened , according to the union . 
It said debt remained at the $ 1.22 billion that has prevailed since early 1989 , although that compared with $ 911 million at Sept. 30 , 1988 . 
Or , for that matter , the core . 
Each share point is worth about $ 60 million in sales . 
The main issue in the strike at the Ohio facility was health-care benefits , Mr. Stein said . 
Most companies still are trying to sort through the wreckage caused by Hurricane Hugo in the Carolinas last month . 
Under the proposed agreement involving the world 's tallest building , Chicago-based Sears would receive about half the money through conventional mortgage financing and the other half as a convertible mortgage . 
But the market is changing . 
`` Mad Rush '' began its life as the accompaniment to the Dalai Lama 's first public address in the U.S. , when Mr. Glass played it on the organ at New York 's Cathedral of St. John the Divine . 
Commerzbank gained 1 to 252.5 . 
c - Domestic car 
Separately , a Qintex Entertainment shareholder filed suit in federal court in Los Angeles charging Qintex Australia with misleading shareholders about Qintex Entertainment 's financial position . 
They worry that Mr. Breeden also will roll over when told to do so by the White House . 
Traders will also watch for whether the Soviet Union continues its traditional fall buying of U.S. grain . 
Rather , there increasingly is a group of international brokerage and trading firms that operate in most European financial centers -- including European giants such as Barclays Bank PLC and Deutsche Bank , as well as Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. of the U.S. and Japan 's Nomura Securities Co . 
Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette placed the stock on its list of recommended issues . 
`` It 's an explosive cocktail '' thrown at the world , says Kenneth Courtis , senior economist at the Tokyo unit of Deutsche Bank Group . 
Sears , Roebuck & Co. is struggling as it enters the critical Christmas season . 
You can take them with you . '' 
Investors who want to change the required timing should write their representatives in Congress , he added . 
Seagram asks customers to buy only two or three bottles over a 12-month period , says Richard Shaw , vice president of U.S. direct marketing . 
Tangible capital will be about $ 115 million . 
Congress still is struggling to dismantle the unpopular Catastrophic Care Act of 1988 , which boosted benefits for the elderly and taxed them to pay for the new coverage . 
The Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker ran a loss of $ 37 million on assembling and marketing cars in the U.S. , a deterioration of $ 378 million in that line from the 1988 quarter . 
And the Treasury said residents of the San Francisco area will be able to cash in savings bonds even if they have n't held them for the minimum six-month period . 
Just when Ms. Gruberova sat down away from her guests to cough in private , her salon began sliding around the stage ; her country hideaway also has a very active set of drapes . 
But the general trend , given rising costs in the league , has been to raise prices , and Mr. Jones is expected to eventually follow suit . 
But that 's not the only problem for stocks . 
Rally 's operates and franchises about 160 fast-food restaurants throughout the U.S. . 
A spokesman for LTV Steel , which is a unit of Dallas-based LTV Corp. , noted that steel prices , adjusted for inflation , increased only 1.7 % between 1981 and the fourth quarter of 1988 , while the prices of other industrial commodities increased nearly five times as much . 
Monday and Tuesday `` were lackluster in comparison , '' he said . 
Treasury Undersecretary David Mulford defended the Treasury 's efforts this fall to drive down the value of the dollar , saying it helped minimize damage from the 190-point drop in the stock market Oct. 13 . 
According to the Middle East Economic Survey , the North African nation is holding talks with Italy for adding a fourth pipe to a section of the Trans-Mediterranean pipeline , expanding capacity by up to six billion cubic meters a year from 12.5 billion . 
Some of Japan 's goods being produced as a result of the investment boom are already successful overseas . 
The estimated gain for Brae is $ 15 million , including a tax credit of $ 7 million , the sellers said . 
Average daily volume in S&P 500 futures last year was 44,877 contracts . 
These security costs are kept off-budget because the centers ' site acquisition , construction , and financing costs were reduced by such programs as Urban Development Action Grants , Economic Development Administration Grants , Community Development Block Grants , tax-free Industrial Development Bonds , Enterprise Zone tax write-offs , city infrastructure grants , and tax increment financing . 
The company did n't disclose the new estimate but said the change was related to Integrated 's failure to sell its core businesses , as well as `` other events , '' which it did n't detail , that occurred after its announcement last week that it was in talks with the unidentified prospective buyer . 
On Oct. 5 , the Bundesbank raised the Lombard and discount rates by one percentage point to 8 % and 6 % , respectively , the highest levels in seven years . 
What comes out of the ballot box could be crucial in determining whether Brazil finally lives up to the potential of the world 's eighth largest economy or keeps living up to its other , less enviable title : that of the developing world 's largest debtor , teetering on the brink of hyperinflation , mired in deficits and stagnation , with huge economic inequalities and social discontent boiling under the surface . 
Technology stocks bore the brunt of the OTC market 's recent sell-off , and traders say it 's natural that they rebound sharply now that the market has turned around . 
The company also cited some success in damping cost increases and said it wants to return to profitability in 1990 . 
They question whether the IMF has any role in developing countries , given its original mandate to assist industrial countries in balance-of-payments emergencies . 
Mr. Allen , who teaches government at prestigious Harvey Mudd College in California and will remain a member of the commission , has spent years arguing that civil rights are individuals ' rights . 
Moreover , Daewoo 's domestic sales have grown half as fast as sales of its rivals . 
Because commercial banks and the developing-country governments believe they will get a piece of any capital increase , a scaled-down IMF mission would leave both feeling shortchanged . 
But skeptics ask why you should bother buying this stuff when you can get only slightly lower yields on government-guaranteed paper . 
Separately , attorneys for the 42 or so limited partners have had serious discussions that could lead to the distribution of the partnership 's assets . 
In 1985 , the Medical Tribune reported that a growing number of critics are challenging the FDA bioequivalence-therapeutic-equivalence equation . 
Warner Communications Inc. is close to an agreement to back a new recorded music and music publishing company in partnership with Irving Azoff , who resigned in September as head of MCA Inc. 's MCA Records unit . 
The maker of water-treatment chemicals and equipment said it will select the plant site early next year , and production is expected to begin in 1991 . 
Results for the earlier quarter included a $ 100,000 restructuring charge . 
The company was founded in Sacramento in 1929 by two brothers , Ralph and Walter Merksamer , who operated as DeVon 's Jewelers . 
Michael Grobstein , 46 years old , was named vice chairman for planning , marketing and industry services , a new post . 
`` The Soviet Union has a lot of know-how , but it has been difficult to put that into actual production because of various structural problems in the economy , '' says Mr. Shapovalov , the Foreign Ministry official . 
As the government prepares to release the next batch of economic reports , the consensus among economists and money managers is that the news will be negative . 
This clause , they argue , is designed to go beyond an earlier clause specifying that the president can veto a `` bill , '' and is broad enough to allow him to strike out items and riders within bills . 
Coniston said it would pursue `` various financing alternatives . '' 
The guidelines also state , `` The government 's policy is not to seek the fullest forfeiture permissible under the law where that forfeiture would be disproportionate to the defendant 's crime . '' 
Metromedia said its unit is the fifth-largest provider of long-distance communications service in the U.S. , with projected 1989 revenue of more than $ 550 million . 
On Farmers , Mr. Prideaux said it is too early to quantify the level of potential claims . 
Continued strength in the dollar was cited as one reason the trade position may deteriorate . 
He also noted that stocks on Aug. 1 , 1990 , are currently projected at 3.3 million bales , the smallest end-of-season supply since 1985 . 
Net income rose to $ 699 million , or 65 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 587 million , or 55 cents a share . 
Revenue jumped 5.6 % to $ 2.9 billion from $ 2.8 billion in the year-ago quarter . 
`` We have no further developments to report , '' he said . 
Mr. Melloan 's column was right on the money , but I wish it could have gone one step further . 
In the Marina District , residents spent yesterday assessing damage , cleaning up and trying to find friends and neighbors . 
In U.N. General Assembly votes last year , Canada voted the same as the U.S. only 63 % of the time . 
I do n't think that is the case . '' 
He 's not thinking about home runs anymore , just base hits . 
The only Afrikaners who would be willing to work for this salary would n't know how to handle money . '' 
Known as Easy Eggs , the product has disappointed investors . 
The state has endorsed the New England Electric plan , which promises to limit rate increases to 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
Lyphomed Inc. , Rosemont , Ill. , and Medco Research Inc. , Los Angeles , said the Food and Drug Administration granted full marketing approval for a new drug for the treatment of a condition in which the heart beats between 150 and 200 beats a minute . 
She was interested only if she could guide it editorially as well . 
Kitchen full of broken crystal . 
In the first nine months , 1,977 transactions were announced , up 15 % from 1,716 in the year-earlier period . 
However , home builders would have to bear the full costs of such beach-house construction . 
Aug. 6 , 1987 : 
Both posts had been vacant . 
But , at least , the law of averages should have swung to the favorable side . 
`` I do n't think ( the reorganization is ) going to happen . '' 
Sterling said it had requested a briefing by NASA but had not decided whether to protest the agency 's latest decision . 
As of Sept. 30 , Philip Morris had 926 million shares outstanding . 
Farmers lay down before the bulldozers . 
The rating agency said it is focusing especially on the transportation service company 's efforts to control costs , improve margins and enhance its competitive position in its primary business , vehicle leasing and rental . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
BSB has 3.1 million shares outstanding . 
From January to early September , the index of stub stocks -- the tiny portion of equity that 's publicly traded following a recapitalization -- outperformed Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index by about 20 % . 
Revenue-short states also are becoming more aggressive pursuers of tax delinquents , and perhaps none tracks them down with more relish than does New York since it acquired an $ 80 million computer system in 1985 . 
In when-issued trading , the Refcorp bonds were quoted at a price to yield 8.17 % . 
Given the prelude 's thematic connections with the music preceding the last act , the idea is more worn than bad , though as luck would have it , for a change there actually was a conductor in the pit whom we wanted to hear , Carlos Kleiber , trying to make memorable music while we all waited for the bed lump to stir into song . 
October 's troubles began when the trust failed to sell a state-owned commercial bank , Associated Bank , for the minimum price of 671 million pesos ( $ 31 million ) . 
Obviously not . 
Mr. Ravine succeeds William R. Mansfield Jr. , who will remain with the company until the end of the year to support the transition and to complete important projects . 
The industrials were up about 60 points in the afternoon , but cautious investors took profits before the close . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
Most were obtained with huge inputs of church money from South Korea and Japan , minimum cash downpayments and sizable mortgages . 
Analysts and consultants had mixed reactions to yesterday 's announcements , praising Mr. Rifenburgh 's efforts but questioning whether the company can survive in a highly competitive marketplace . 
The answer seems perfectly clear . 
`` Many programs we have now come from the West and are not suitable to our culture , '' a government minister said . 
London shares were depressed initially by overnight losses in New York and by the drop in sterling after Mr. Lawson 's resignation . 
Residents of this city soon will be seeing ads urging them to visit `` Cleveland 's outdoor museum '' -- Lake View Cemetery . 
Comsat Video , which distributes pay-per-view programs to hotel rooms , plans to add Nuggets games to their offerings , as Mr. Turner did successfully with his Atlanta Hawks and Braves sports teams . 
The first Merkur , the XR4Ti , went on sale in early 1985 . 
He said 13,000 more copies were sent to Estonia because of strong sales . 
Meanwhile , Ford officials became convinced they could n't expect to recover the investment it would require to make Saab 's cars competitive in the increasingly crowded luxury market . 
GM lawyers have been working with technicians to develop more uniform welding procedures -- the way a vehicle is welded has a lot to do with its durability . 
After hitting two-year highs this summer , net sales of stock funds slowed in September , according to the Investment Company Institute , a trade group . 
But at a time of mounting concern over alcohol abuse , some liquor marketers consider Seagram 's frequent buyer promotion risky . 
Galax , Va . 
According to some of the grand panjandrums of the market , it never happened . 
In London , stocks closed lower in volatile trading as an opening rally was obliterated by worse-than-expected U.S. trade figures . 
For most investors `` the benefits just are n't worth the risks , '' says Barbara Roper , who follows financial-planning issues for the Consumer Federation of America , a consumer-advocacy organization based in Washington . 
Under the plan , DeSoto said it will sell certain assets and businesses that do n't meet strategic and profitability objectives . 
The occasional Englishman tries to put on airs but we let it pass ... . 
The offering included $ 550 million of 12 % senior subordinated debentures due 2001 and $ 200 million of zero coupon liquid yield option notes due 2004 . 
So there is reason to believe that Michael 's hopes for a bacteria-free , long-shelf-life egg were n't all hype . 
But he added : `` The mere fact of a meeting does n't deal with the substance of policy . '' 
A revolution takes more than conference manifestos . 
Removed from office were George Pratt , Robert E. Davis , Norman Gray , John Virtue , corporate secretary , and Barrett B. Weekes , chairman , president and chief executive officer . 
Circulation soared as the weekly went way beyond standard literary themes to cover Vietnamese society and its ills . 
The fund now holds a cash position of about 15 % . 
Brawls between union factions still erupt at Pemex installations . 
The protesters point out that Galileo also could crash to Earth then . 
Meanwhile , the man Mr. Krenz replaces has left an indelible mark on East German society . 
Proceeds will be used to commercialize recently patented technology and support the company 's international expansion . 
Talks between the two sides could unravel , of course , as they have more than once since Sony announced its plans to hire Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
Par Pharmaceutical Inc. said it named its interim president and chief executive officer , Kenneth I. Sawyer , to those posts permanently , and elected him to the board . 
Prosecutors , in an indictment based on the grand jury 's report , maintain that at various times since 1975 , he owned a secret and illegal interest in a beer distributorship ; plotted hidden ownership interests in real estate that presented an alleged conflict of interest ; set up a dummy corporation to buy a car and obtain insurance for his former girlfriend ( now his second wife ) ; and maintained 54 accounts in six banks in Cambria County . 
Chemicals that exceed these risk levels would be barred , but those that fall below these levels would be allowed . 
`` Why we even just sold a three-bedroom house in Van Nuys and were able to keep the price firm in a weak real-estate market by noting that the original Lone Ranger lived there , '' says David Rambo , a sales associate with Jon Douglas Co. , a Los Angeles real-estate agency . 
Mr. Maynard 's forces finally defeated the measure , though it took a vote on the floor of the House of Representatives to do it . 
The board had also been expected to approve a SKr1.5 billion international offering of new Trelleborg shares . 
Then it had a series of smaller glitches , including problems manufacturing certain personal computers and the delay in the announcement of some important workstations . 
They were appalled , for instance , that he wanted to target more of the $ 3 billion Community Development Block Grant ( CDBG ) program to low-income projects and zero out the notorious `` discretionary '' funds that have allowed HUD officials to steer contracts to political cronies . 
Such skills allow riders to fly down treacherous mountain grades at speeds of up to 40 miles an hour -- a thrill for the cyclist but a nightmare for unsuspecting hikers or equestrians . 
`` I 've done what I came to do '' at Kidder , he says . 
Fluor Daniel already has reassigned most of its work crew , the sources said . 
Bruno DeGol , chairman of DeGol Brothers Lumber , Gallitzin , Pa. , was named a director of this bank-holding company , expanding the board to 11 members . 
But the simplicity may be misleading . 
The company plans to expand plant capacity 50 % by 1991 . 
About 800 have crossed the picket lines and returned to work . 
Among the new issues was Massachusetts 's $ 230 million of general obligation bonds . 
Despite levels of obstruction , incompetence and ensuing frustration of mythic proportion , these projects all remain , in my mind , valuable and well worth the effort . 
In fact it can be argued that increasing capital commitments by market makers ( a result of some post-1987 crash studies ) also increases market volatility , since the more securities are held by market makers at any given time , the more selling pressure is overhanging the market . 
Parkland Memorial Hospital in Dallas says it has n't had any problem recruiting , even after a nurse contracted the virus while injecting an AIDS patient . 
Trading had been impeded by a major computer failure that took place before the start of Monday 's session . 
Mr. Baker 's assistant for inter-American affairs , Bernard Aronson , while maintaining that the Sandinistas had also broken the cease-fire , acknowledged : `` It 's never very clear who starts what . '' 
California lawmakers want to eliminate temporarily a $ 100 million cap on the amount of federal highway relief for each state for each disaster , as well as a prohibition on using the emergency highway aid to repair toll roads . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.49 , up 0.27 ; spot index 130.80 , off 0.24 . 
People in Glass houses tend to look stoned . 
The pound immediately began to take a buffetting after the resignations were announced . 
For instance , he suggests that salespeople making telephone calls should say to themselves : `` All I want to do today is get 50 rejections . '' 
Baltimore attorney Michael A. Pretl and 17 other attorneys representing 18,136 claimants in the U.S. and abroad argue that the appeal would delay -- and perhaps even destroy -- a $ 2.38 billion settlement fund that is the centerpiece of the reorganization plan . 
Valley National Corp. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 72.2 million , or $ 3.65 a share , and suspended its quarterly dividend because of potential losses on its Arizona real estate holdings . 
Anything to make a sale . '' 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The resulting scandal led to the firing of James N. von Germeten as Boston Co. 's president and to the resignations of the company 's chief financial officer and treasurer . 
As a result , many economists were expecting the consumer price index to increase significantly more than it did . 
Electrical power was out in still-daylighted Candlestick Park , but battery-operated radios and television sets were plentiful . 
Like Foothills , TransCanada 's Polar Gas consortium plans to build a pipeline directly south from the Mackenzie River delta in Canada 's western Arctic with an initial capacity to transport 1.2 billion cubic feet of gas daily . 
Carmine Grigoli , chief market strategist for First Boston , who still says , `` We expect the Dow average { to be at } 3000 by mid-1990 , '' nonetheless foresees a sluggish economy in the meantime . 
But the basic technology in the line is almost five years old , which means it is long in the tooth , and competitors are rolling out strong products of their own . 
But traders said the market 's tone could pick up this week if New York City 's $ 787 million bond offering goes well . 
AT&T applauded the FCC 's actions . 
While admitting such a move would be `` devastating '' to most creditors , Judge Abramson told a courtroom filled with nearly two dozen attorneys that he was concerned about the toll mounting legal bills will take on Mr. Hunt 's shrinking estate and about the fact that , following voting by creditors , none of the reorganization plans appeared to be viable in their present form . 
The SEC also charged that Mr. Holmes acted as an officer or director of New Ventures , in violation of his previous consent agreement . 
`` Entrepreneurs do n't rush to get into a stagnant or declining industry . '' 
`` The Fourth Knee Play , '' an interlude from `` Einstein on the Beach , '' is like a toccata but it does n't seem to move much beyond its left-hand ground in `` Three Blind Mice . '' 
The ultimate outcome depends on what he does , not on what we do . 
EXAMINE WHAT HAS CHANGED . 
That 's not plot . 
The issue came to a head last year , officials recalled , partly because the Reagan administration had sought unsuccessfully to win committee approval of funding for new Panama coup efforts . 
`` You have to go out to all your constituents , '' says James H. Giffen , who is spearheading the most ambitious attempt by U.S. firms to break into the Soviet market , involving investment of more than $ 5 billion in some two dozen joint ventures . 
The packages must be sorted quickly and distributed to smaller vans for delivery , so couriers can be on the road by 8:35 . 
Those employed in state-funded special programs increased by 7,400 to 65,200 in the same period , the Directorate said . 
One maneuver : the `` public education '' gambit . 
The association said it would monitor the conduct of lawyers and warned that solicitation of business is unethical . 
Charles Redmond , a NASA spokesman , said the agency discovered the virus on Monday on the collection of computer networks collectively called Internet and expected 100 university centers to be infected by today . 
Conference participants saw these effects as flowing directly from ( a ) Marxist devaluation of environmental resources , which are not produced by labor ; ( b ) planned economies ' inability to control pollution where enterprises are state-owned and penalties are paid by the government ; and ( c ) the continuing Stalinist emphasis on heavy industry for economic development , producing a far heavier and more wasteful use of energy and natural resources than in the West . 
While claiming that penalties , legal fees and interest have driven the value of its claim to more than $ 250 million , Minpeco has agreed to settle for an allowed claim of as much as $ 65.7 million . 
Compounding the trouble to Japanese investors , mortgage securities pay interest monthly , since most mortgages require homeowners to make monthly payments . 
The buyer was n't identified . 
Boston Co. 's fall from grace is bad news for its parent , Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. , which has relied heavily on the banking and money management unit 's contributions in recent years . 
Next March , the shuttle Discovery will launch the Hubble space telescope , a $ 1.5 billion instrument designed to see the faintest galaxies in the universe . 
`` You can see the highs and lows of the business all under one roof , '' she tells the group . 
If a client needs prejudiced jurors , the firm will help find them . 
`` We wo n't have any more of this wayward behavior , '' says Sir Peter Hordern , a backbench Tory member of Parliament . 
Although investigations now account for only about 5 % of Pinkerton 's total revenue , that side of the business has traditionally been the more `` glamorous '' of the two and it carries historical and sentimental value . 
`` Ford wants { Jaguar } very much . '' 
Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading economic newspaper , reported Wednesday that Tokyu Department Store Co. is planning to team up with U.S. and Western European financing to buy the New York-based retail chain , which Campeau has put up for sale . 
Delivery is to begin in early 1991 . 
Nissan handled the die-hards in a typically Japanese fashion : They were n't fired but instead `` were neglected , '' says Kouji Hori , the personnel manager at the Nissan Technical Center . 
That would benefit Chinese enterprises as well as Sino-foreign joint ventures , both of which have been plagued by shortages of working capital . 
Governors have found that they have to use the device sparingly to maintain political comity . 
Widely expected to open 10 to 15 cents a barrel higher on the strength of statistics from the American Petroleum Institute , the December contract managed to start the session only eight cents higher . 
In Texas , taxes and development costs are also lower , they said . 
Prime will still manage Ramada 's domestic franchise system when the sale closes . 
Congressmen raised the issue yesterday at a hearing . 
In a July analysis titled `` From Euphoria to Despair , '' W.I. Carr ( Far East ) Ltd. , another securities firm , said that eroding confidence might undermine future economic development . 
`` Notwithstanding foreign ownership of Connaught , this accord would enhance research and development in Canada , '' said James Keffer , the university 's vice president of research . 
But the Oct. 17 temblor put a halt to much nonessential building , and heavy rains last week slowed the rest , freeing construction workers for earthquake repairs . 
Were we smart or just lucky ? 
Results included a $ 37 million gain from the sale of rights from Chevron 's investment in Amax Inc. , and a loss of $ 30 million from the sale of California oil and gas properties . 
Inexplicably costumed as a rabbinical student , tottering around on lifts , Mr. Shicoff hardly seemed the fellow to catch a fancy cocotte 's eye . 
They estimate the return a person 's current portfolio is likely to generate over time , along with a standard deviation that suggests how much the return will vary year by year . 
But it was Frank Lloyd Wright who said , `` Is this not Anti-Christ ? 
Reps. Hamilton and Dorgan also have altered their bill , dropping a proposal to add the Treasury secretary to the 12-member Fed committee that makes monetary policy . 
The consultants maintained Eastern would n't generate the cash it needs and would have to issue new debt to meet its targets under the plan . 
The coupling of the law firm and the Washington Legal Foundation is odd also , because Wilmer Cutler was one of the firms singled out for criticism two years ago by the conservative legal group for displaying a liberal bias in its pro bono work . 
Finally , there is one family movie that quite eloquently explores the depth of human emotion -- only its stars are bears . 
Hawker Siddeley said its core electrical products division enjoyed strong growth , with a 20 % rise in operating profit during the period . 
But the broadcasts continued through the blacked-out night , with pictures of the sandwiched highway ganglion in Oakland and firefighting in the Marina district . 
A Seagram spokesman in New York would n't comment . 
Paribas said Lonrho will participate in the forthcoming capital boost for Societe Commerciale . 
In each case the ending of this unsustainable inflation caused a severe recession -- the two worst of the postwar period . 
No doubt there is something to irk everyone in this AT&T-sponsored dramatization of Bob Woodward and Carl Bernstein 's book about Watergate . 
DPC last week launched a new , $ 10-a-share offer for the Woodland Hills , Calif.-based computer printer maker . 
She serves high Russian tea , at 5 p.m . 
The courts have not defined `` minimal amounts , '' but publishers , I understand , take it to mean about 50 words . 
A seat on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange was sold for $ 416,000 , down $ 36,000 from the previous sale Oct . 
The two companies , both based in San Juan , will form a bank holding company with assets of just over $ 9 billion . 
Some have raised their cash positions to record levels . 
They try to figure out the long-term results the person needs to meet major goals . 
Mr. Savaiko noted that copper had a steep fall in spite of a weak dollar , which would normally support the U.S. copper market . 
Still , Bethlehem 's core basic steel operations experienced a steep drop in operating profit to $ 58.6 million from $ 186.4 million a year ago , when the industry enjoyed strong demand and pricing . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt 's attempted corner on silver a decade ago is still haunting the market in this metal . 
`` Due to the earthquake in San Francisco , Nissan is donating its commercial air time to broadcast American Red Cross Emergency Relief messages . 
Now , some see Mr. Bush trapped in a position he is neither comfortable with nor able to escape . 
Sammi Steel Co . ( Korea ) -- $ 50 million of bonds due Nov. 8 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 1 1\/4 % to 1 3\/4 % coupon at par , via Merrill Lynch International Ltd. and Dong Suh Securities Co . 
The federal productivity estimators use labor input , rather than output , data for their calculations of half of private financial and service industries as well . 
John C. Burton , an accounting professor at Columbia University 's Graduate School of Business , said `` there 's a lot of emotion involved in the name of an accounting firm with a long history and with roots in England , where accounting predates the U.S. . '' 
Northrop 's interest expense also soared to $ 35 million from $ 17 million a year ago . 
For decades , psyllium husk has been the main ingredient in such laxatives as Procter & Gamble Co. 's Metamucil , the top-selling brand in the U.S. , and Ciba-Geigy Corp. 's Fiberall . 
Whipsawed financially and emotionally by Friday 's heartstopping 190-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average and yesterday 's 88-point rebound , they 're wondering if an individual has any business being in the market . 
A federal judge has issued a preliminary injunction against the purchase because of Federal Trade Commission concerns that the transaction would reduce competition in the production of two kinds of rivets . 
So much , too , for the notion that we humans triumphed in the Darwinian struggle by evolving big brains . 
On the Nasdaq over-the-counter system , Allied Capital Corp. , Washington , D.C. , ( ALII ) began trading last Thursday . 
Central Maine said it is evaluating `` many energy options '' to make up for the lost future power , including new energy generation and management proposals from New England , and possibly new Canadian purchases . 
Rubbermaid officials said they are n't aware of any effort to take over the company , but believed the shareholder plan needed to be strengthened . 
Debenture holders also will receive the equivalent of 10 % of the common stock in Chicago & North Western 's parent company . 
But inside the white walls of the Orange Workers ' office -- just about the largest building in town , save for the Dutch Reformed Church and the school -- South Africa 's neat racial order is awry . 
Abby Joseph Cohen , a market strategist at Drexel Burnham Lambert , is n't nearly so sanguine about the market 's chances of surging to new highs anytime soon . 
The scope of the improvement in the U.S. business caught some analysts by surprise . 
The average six-month bill was sold with a yield of 8.04 % , up from 7.90 % . 
`` It became apparent in hearings that there ought to be regulation of leveraged buy-outs of some sort , '' Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House Aviation Subcommittee , said during the panel 's deliberations . 
After days of intense but fruitless negotiations , a federal judge last week threatened to convert William Herbert Hunt 's Chapter 11 personal bankruptcy case into a Chapter 7 liquidation . 
His skis spread farther and farther apart -- just as buy-sell spreads widen during a financial panic -- and soon he is out of control . 
Although dealers said investors are becoming more bearish toward the dollar in the wake of the stock market 's recent troubles and as the U.S. economy weakens , the dollar ended down only modestly . 
The scars will be here years after the polls close . '' 
The American people and their government also woke up too late to the menace drugs posed to the moral structure of their country . 
He predicted that PWA would have little difficulty attracting prospective buyers . 
A U.S. decision to refuse the IMF its capital increase , or limit it to 25 % , would bring a major change in international economic policy , and could not be taken lightly . 
Revenue rose 27 % to $ 715.1 million from $ 563.8 million . 
Mr. Hayes , 52 years old , left Southwestern Bell Telephone Co. in January , where he had been chairman , president and chief executive , to join Triad Capital Partners , a St. Louis company with interests in solid waste and recycling , telecommunications and international venture capital . 
Still stinging from the international backlash over the sale two years ago of sensitive military technology to the Soviets by a subsidiary of Japan 's Toshiba Corp. , many Japanese are eager to avoid appearing to help the Soviets in any way . 
Worst part was watching power lines waving above my head and no way to drive away . 
Last year it funded its high employment by heavy borrowing , and it suffered huge losses when sales turned down instead of rising . 
Elliott Abrams , a veteran of intelligence committee debates , doubts that even Grenada or the Libyan raid would have taken place if `` consensus '' had been required . 
Many plants that used to make military equipment are now being ordered to produce televisions , videocassette recorders , small tractors and food-processing machinery . 
Demand is so strong that all of the domestic makers -- Hyundai , Kia Motors Corp. , Daewoo Motor Co. and even upstart SsangYong Motor Co. -- plan to build more factories . 
Even if the buy-out group is able to obtain financing , the transaction still faces obstacles . 
Kathie Huff , a respondent in the Journal survey from Spokane , Wash. , says her husband is adamant about eating only Hunt 's ketchup . 
The issue used at-market pricing . 
The number had a troubling effect on Wall Street , suggesting that more fundamental economic problems may underlie last Friday 's stock market slide . 
Although the dollar rose slightly against most major currencies , the focus in currency markets was on the beleaguered British pound , which gained slightly against the dollar . 
The machine uses a single processor , which makes it easier to program than competing machines using several processors . 
Because a put option gives its owner the right , but not the obligation , to sell a fixed number of shares of the stock at a stated price on or before the option 's expiration date , the investor is protected against a sudden drop in the stock 's price . 
U.K. composite , or non-life , insurers , which some equity analysts said might be heavily hit by the earthquake disaster , helped support the London market by showing only narrow losses in early trading . 
It is naivete to equate a government 's policies with the will of the people ( as we well know ) , and it is even worse folly to merge the clearly divergent agendas of Fidel and the military and the state bureaucracy . 
Indeed , the insurance adjusters had already bolted out of the courtroom . 
The office will provide `` one-stop shopping '' for Japanese financial institutions and other clients seeking advice on access to the world capital markets , according to A. Bruce Schimberg , Sidley 's senior banking specialist , who will move to Tokyo from Chicago to open the office next year . 
The Canadian government also has recently opened new trade offices in San Diego ; San Juan , Puerto Rico ; Miami ; Princeton , N.J. , and Denver , bringing the total number of such Canadian offices in the U.S. to 27 . 
Though Mrs. Thatcher does n't need to call an election until June 1992 , she would prefer doing so in late 1991 . 
Business has been good enough that he just took a spur-of-the-moment weekend trip to the mountain area of Cloudcroft , something `` I have n't done in years . '' 
Staffers at Thompson , whose offices are in the ultramodern Embarcadero Center , watched pictures drop from the walls and then felt the skyscraper sway seven to eight feet , according to a spokeswoman . 
We have very exciting prospects for far more impressive advances in the treatment of colon cancer during the years immediately ahead . 
At the same time , the strategy requires that he deal effectively with those who seek genuine Western-style political pluralism . 
Buoyed by the continued inflows into money funds , assets of all mutual funds swelled to a record $ 953.8 billion in September , up fractionally from $ 949.3 billion in August . 
The legislation would open the way for more telephone services and more competition in the telephone business in the three provinces , federal officials said . 
Ford , which already has an unwelcome 13.2 % holding , is prepared to bid for the entire company and had lobbied the government to lift the takeover restrictions early . 
This would be consistent with its unwavering support for the Brady Plan and G-7 exchange-rate intervention , and with its financial commitment to Mexico , Poland and others . 
But the troubles of SCI TV are a classic tale of the leveraged buy-out excesses of the 1980s , especially the asset-stripping game . 
r - Revised . 
The three of us stopped breathing for a moment , and then when it kept on coming we lunged for the doorway . 
It 's also likely that regulators will try to forge some kind of consensus between the would-be pipeline builders before undertaking any hearings into rival projects . 
In August , personal income rose 0.4 % and personal consumption increased 0.9 % . 
In Hugo 's wake , Congress allocated $ 1.1 billion in relief funds , and White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said $ 273 million of that money remains and could be diverted for quick expenditures related to the earthquake . 
But Polish agriculture does possess one great asset already : the private farmer . 
There is no small irony in the fact that some of the most-jingoistic advertising comes courtesy of -- you guessed it -- outsiders . 
The U.S. did manage to supply the Dutch with oil by relabeling supplies ; once oil is shipped , no one can tell its source . 
Deeply ingrained in both the book review `` Kissing Nature Good-bye '' by Stephen MacDonald ( Leisure & Arts , Sept. 27 ) and the books reviewed is the assumption that global warming is entirely a result of human activity . 
If it had been , he mighta hit it out . '' 
How soon Wang will stage a comeback , or if it will at all , are still matters of debate . 
A Labor Department spokesman said the unusually high number of initial claims for state unemployment benefits reflects the impact of Hurricane Hugo on southern states , particularly North Carolina and South Carolina . 
But creditors are free to press for court approval of their own plan , or the court could ignore both sides and draw its own . 
And at 9:15 , they posted a $ 135 to $ 155 `` first indication , '' or the price range in which the stock would probably open . 
Warner denies such an agreement was made , and disputes the Guber-Peters version of virtually every telephone call and meeting the two sides had on the matter . 
Morgan Grenfell , which has been mentioned in takeover rumors , rose 20 to 392 pence ( $ 6.18 ) a share . 
Now , investment salesmen say it 's time to take some risks if you want the kind of returns that will buy your toddler a ticket to Prestige U. in 18 years . 
Instead , New York City police seized the stolen goods , and Mr. Krisher avoided jail . 
The 20-stock MMI mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
It jumped 7.5 Monday . 
Still , flat-rolled is the steel industry 's bread and butter , representing about half of the 80 million tons of steel expected to be shipped this year . 
Mr. DaPuzzo also complained that the sharp swings in stock prices lately is scaring away retail and foreign investors . 
Small retailers who ca n't afford to travel to his New York showroom have become fair game . 
Grover Hartt III , a government lawyer , warned that Mr. Hunt stood to lose certain oil and gas properties , $ 200,000 in English pottery , a Colorado condominium and other assets he might have kept if he had settled with the IRS . 
According to a detailed report by Zbigniew Bochniarz of the University of Minnesota 's Hubert Humphrey Institute , 27 areas containing a third of Poland 's population are regarded as `` ecological hazards '' due to multiple violations of standards . 
`` We believe that the vast majority of imported material is safe . 
Among composite insurers , General Accident rose 10 pence to # 10.03 ( $ 15.80 ) a share , Guardian Royal climbed 5 to 217 pence , Sun Alliance rose 3 to 290 , and Royal Insurance jumped 12 to 450 . 
The entire second floor of its Madison Avenue store is now casual sportswear featuring items such as ski sweaters , leather backpacks and a $ 42 wool baseball hat with the store 's crest . 
HomeFed said the slide in loan originations was more a matter of design than a sign of cooling in the California market . 
The debt was reoffered priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 . 
NBI , a maker of word-processing systems , said it ca n't predict if any of the preferred stock will be converted . 
Finally , Mitsubishi Estate has no plans to interfere with Rockefeller 's management beyond taking a place on the board . 
If this thesis is correct , it has important implications for macroeconomic policies : It may lower the sense of urgency behind efforts to enact tax incentives and other measures to increase the rate of growth in productivity and real GNP . 
Meanwhile , more computer makers now are competing for the new business . 
`` Human nature being what it is , people do n't always follow instructions , '' says Jack Guzewich , chief of food protection for the New York state Health Department . 
Last week , Revco 's parent company , Anac Holding Corp. , said the company reported a loss of $ 16.2 million for the fiscal first quarter , compared with a loss of $ 27.9 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
When the response to criticism is only a better explanation of policies without altering the reasons for the criticism , I am convinced that Mr. Kageyama has still failed to attack the root cause of the problem and is simply treating symptoms . 
First Boston , whose holding company , CS First Boston Group , is one of the larger issuers of bridge loans on Wall Street , said it is also concerned that once the SEC has the power to monitor holding companies , it will try to regulate their activities . 
The problem is one that East Germany shares with other half-states , such as North Korea , but one it must shoulder alone in the East Bloc . 
While Sears would n't comment on the brouhaha over Mr. Vila 's commercial endorsements , it appears to be building a fence around Mr. Vila 's affections . 
The shutdown affects 3,000 workers and will cut output by about 4,320 cars . 
The law could redound to the advantage of brokers and banks , who incur high administrative costs to deliver securities to investors . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
The reason does n't relate to your selling skills . '' 
Mr. Morishita 's main business certainly appears to be thriving , although he wo n't disclose numbers . 
`` But they wanted to roll the dice and we 're going to let them , '' Mr. Hartt said . 
At last night 's sale , 13 of 44 works that sold were purchased by Aska International Gallery , the art-acquisition unit of Aichi Financial , a Japanese conglomerate that owns 7.5 % of Christie 's . 
The British government also strongly opposes the charter in its current form . 
The number of issues falling on the New York Stock Exchange each day is eclipsing the number of gainers . 
The group will complain to Washington , to the heads of program-trading firms and to the heads of the Big Board itself , he said . 
He is n't convinced , though , that the price decline reflects falling demand because the world economy remains relatively strong . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Hutchinson predicted that 1989 would be `` solidly profitable '' for Westmoreland and that 1990 would bring `` more of the same . '' 
To wit , my maiden voyage ( and novitiates are referred to as virgins ) began at dawn on a dew-sodden fairway and ended at noon in a soggy field . 
Ms. Moss said Ms. Levine secretly taped many conversations with her bosses at the Odeon in which they told her she was being fired as maitre 'd because she was pregnant . 
After-the-fact judicial examination of an actor 's conduct has always been the common law 's method . 
The respondents were mildly optimistic about the economy and investment markets , but their collective judgments were a notch more sober than they were a year ago . 
TW Services 
Some , particularly in West Coast earthquake zones , are dusting off their evacuation plans , checking food stocks and reminding employees of what to do if emergency strikes . 
Mr. Simmons declined to comment , and the White House said the congressmen 's letter is under review . 
And Democrats , who are under increasing pressure from their leaders to reject the gains-tax cut , are finding reasons to say no , at least for now . 
In order to ensure that the rights of all interested parties are protected , the Criminal Division has instituted the following requirements to control the use of TROs in RICO prosecutions . 
David L. Koffman , president and chief executive officer of Jayark , holds about 40 % of Kofcoh , Jayark said . 
His appointment expands the board to 13 members . 
Now the Alley has moved ahead on both artistic and financial fronts . 
Previously it had proposed seven years of 5.5 % increases . 
Even a federal measure in June allowing houses to add research fees to their commissions did n't stop it . 
The derivative markets remained active as one new issue was priced and talk circulated about more offerings in the next day or two . 
`` I thought it was in the upper deck , '' said Bobby Thomson , now 66 years old . 
Some experts now predict Anheuser 's entry into the fray means near-term earnings trouble for all the industry players . 
Diamond-Star said it will export about 1,500 Eclipse cars to Japan by year 's end . 
The failed takeover would have given UAL employees 75 % voting control of the nation 's second-largest airline , with management getting 10 % control and British Air 15 % . 
Elected to Congress in 1978 , the 48-year-old Mr. Courter is part of a generation of young conservatives who were once very much in the lead of the rightward shift under Mr. Reagan . 
The 13-week and 27-week bills will be issued tomorrow rather than Thursday , Nov. 2 , as originally planned . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3411.08 , up 
In the House-passed tax bill , Mr. Thevenot got his wish ; real-estate assets are included in the capital-gains provision . 
Dresdner Bank said it will also buy all shares tendered by shareholders on the Paris Stock Exchange at the same price from today through Nov. 17 . 
I saw what he did to them firsthand . 
The art collection might have come to rival the Medicis ' had the Florida comptroller 's office not got wind of Mr. Paul 's aesthetic adventure . 
It says that despite loose regulation of the market itself , its longstanding regulation of industry will prevent such crashes . 
The company said it expects to pay the first dividend , of 12.5 cents a share , in the 1990 first quarter . 
Litigation , if not settled out of court , could drag on for years . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in Merrill Lynch , which closed unchanged at 28 3\/8 as 2.7 million shares changed hands . 
Louis Gerstner Jr. , chairman and chief executive officer of New York-based RJR , called the sale a `` significant step '' in the company 's divestiture program , as well as a `` a strategic divestiture . '' 
Does this corporation have a high-quality management team with a good track record ? 
And shares of leveraged junk funds this year have been clobbered even harder than the junk bonds they hold . 
Thursday , Nov. 2 , 9-10 p.m. EST , on A&E ( repeated at 1 a.m. and on Nov. 5 ) : `` Third and Oak : The Pool Hall . '' 
Troubled SCI Television Inc. proposed to restructure much of its $ 1.3 billion in debt to buy time to sell assets and pay its obligations . 
I have never had as many calls as I had this morning . 
Clearly , people like Mrs. Lombardi are giving marketers fits . 
Scam artists seek out such people -- or try to make sure that their victims isolate themselves . 
The cycle has been repeated several times since China began reforming its planned economy in 1979 . 
Within the alliance it is supposed to act as a balancing force , guarding against excessive control by government or abuse of its economic position by business , for either could result in a deterioration of its living standards ( under the new resolutions , workers councils may demand that a cooperative be closed or its prices be reduced ) . 
`` I would like to go back to 1970 . 
Federal officials seized the association in April , a day after the parent corporation entered bankruptcy-law proceedings . 
The divisions that Parker Hannifin is retaining were n't mentioned in Thursday 's edition . 
UAL tumbled $ 56.875 to $ 222.875 on volume of 2.3 million shares , and AMR declined by $ 22.125 to $ 76.50 as 4.7 million shares changed hands . 
UGI is a gas and electric utility and distributes propane nationally through its AmeriGas subsidiary . 
But they wo n't necessarily eat at Denny 's . 
Third-quarter results included net realized capital gains of $ 48 million , which included $ 27 million from the sale of Federated Investors in August and a $ 15 million tax credit . 
Strategy , however , is about possibilities , not hopes and dreams . 
Nor is CBS a shoo-in to get blockbuster ratings . 
Mr. Good devotes much serious space to the events of Feb. 25 , 1942 , when American gunners spotted strange lights in the sky above Los Angeles . 
Fees 2 . 
`` He 's sharp as a tack . 
He felt we should be giving something back . '' 
Employees have n't yet been notified . 
However , he only received federal clearance to buy more than $ 15 million of the stock on Sept. 20 , when the price rose $ 2 a share to $ 78.50 . 
While D.T. shuffled its king back and forth in a defensive crouch , Mr. Kasparov maneuvered the knight to a dominant outpost . 
A mile and a half away looms the 150-foot-tall rig of the Sniper , due to be pumping by December . 
But their ideal of an Afrikaner homeland , an all-white reserve to be carved out of present-day South Africa , is a mainstream desire of the right-wing , which embraces about one-third of the country 's five million whites . 
The Philippine merchandise trade deficit widened to $ 1.71 billion during the first eight months of 1989 from $ 807 million a year earlier . 
When it comes to buying and selling shares , Westridge Capital Management Inc. takes a back seat to no one . 
Additional cable partners could boost subscribers even further . 
Some financial sources said privately that Paribas blundered in failing to move sooner for the insurance and industrial group , bidding only after speculation had pushed up the price . 
When UAL finally opened a half hour late , some 400,000 shares traded at $ 150 . 
He cautions that early damage estimates are often low ; the damage totals in Hurricane Hugo increased tenfold as more information was received . 
Renaissance , a Cincinnati-based money manager , began buying stocks again this week with half of the $ 1.8 billion that it oversees for clients , according to people familiar with the firm 's revised strategy . 
In wooing British lawmakers , GM has pointed out that its willingness to settle for a minority stake would keep Jaguar British-owned and independent . 
Mr. Guber says that Mr. Semel did convey that information and that Mr. Semel said Mr. Ross was `` crazy because of the Time deal , '' meaning , Mr. Guber says , that Mr. Ross `` did not want to communicate to his new merger partner , Time Inc. , that Warner 's agreements provided for our departure under these circumstances . '' 
His recommendation was rejected by the government . 
But Burns confesses in an interview : `` That 's not my handwriting . 
$ 588,350,000 . 
The Dow Jones industrials rose 5.94 , to 2689.14 , making the gain for the week a record 119.88 points , or 4.7 % . 
The announcement said the acquisition should be completed by December after a definitive agreement is completed and regulatory approval is received . 
To help do this , Mr. Palmer developed a portable massage chair three years ago that he hopes will bring `` structured touching '' into mainstream America . 
Yesterday 's explosions were the second round in two months at the plastics plant . 
His hero signed photographs of the homer and diplomatically called Ralph Branca `` a very fine pitcher . '' 
But of course the market could decide that the firm 's capital stock -- its assets -- means nothing if the firm is not producing profits . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Champion 's shares rose 25 cents to $ 32.125 . 
This bug is not going to have any affect on that at all . '' 
An established brand name is insurance that at least the product will be of acceptable quality , if not always the best value for the money . 
The communication Mr. Lee brought represents the softer line the U.S. has been hoping to hear from Chinese officials since the June 4 massacre of pro-democracy demonstrators in Beijing . 
Total capital investment at the site could be as much as $ 400 million , according to Intel . 
Joining the call for some kind of study or regulatory action , Merrill Lynch & Co. recommended program-trading reforms late Friday , including higher margins on stock-index futures and greater regulatory coordination . 
`` We have previously had discussions with representatives of Pinkerton 's Inc. concerning the { sale of the company } and we concluded that we did not have liability under the contract , '' says American Brands . 
But a majority of the board , which includes three members from the Australian company , overrode him . 
`` It has never been done before , but there 's always a first . 
We 'll have to wait and see '' how the plan develops . 
Rather , it 's of a kid ( we 're talking about 17 to 22 year olds here ) having a tough time making the best of what will probably be his one shot at college . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index of 225 issues , which gained 111.48 points Wednesday , climbed 266.66 , or 0.76 % , to 35374.22 . 
`` They allowed this country to be credible . 
But , he adds , the constitution empowers the government to impose some controls , to mitigate the shortage of land . 
Cardinal Scientific Inc. of Waldorf , Md. , seeks a Small Business Innovation Research grant to produce a `` nozzle assembly for an Army mass delousing outfit . 
Apple said that its money would be better spent in areas such as research and development . 
But he says he did n't understand he was buying the CD on the secondary market , and he contends his broker never fully explained the risks . 
`` But if you 're an individual investing money and trying to get it back again , then that is n't of overwhelming importance . '' 
I do n't like the sound of that . 
Small-business groups also will fight the medical-leave provision of legislation that would expand parental leaves . 
A 20-story mesh spire will stand atop 50 stories of commercial space . 
Pemex 's customers also are pleased with the company 's new spirit . 
The Senate estimates that its version of the provision would yield $ 17 million the first year and a total of $ 409 million over five years . 
Indeed , with demand for steel not growing fast enough to absorb capacity , steelmakers will have to change the way they do business . 
`` This process should point out that it 's not going to be easy for a firm that 's convicted of a felony to immediately jump back into the retail business , '' Ms. Bryant said . 
The magazine Success , however , was for years lackluster and unfocused . 
Of 1,500 people sent a questionnaire , 951 replied . 
Thereafter , interest paid annually at 7.65 % . 
He owns 43 % of CenTrust 's shares . 
Ms. Parks and her mother indicated they want to `` catch him unawares from behind , '' he says . 
The guideline was n't a law , but a joint interpretation of how the U.S. might operate during foreign coups in light of the longstanding presidential order banning a U.S. role in assassinations . 
Justice is attempting to avoid a replay of these tactics . 
You only have a privilege to practice . '' 
But yesterday 's action put to rest any lingering resistance from tobacco interests . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 700 million in new cash with the sale Tuesday of about $ 10 billion in two-year notes to redeem $ 9.29 billion in maturing notes . 
`` Having more than a token presence here should enhance communications and business relationships , '' Mr. Litvinchuk said . `` 
And some of its top client-service executives , including Mr. Phillips , were promoted to the point they were saddled with administrative duties , with little time to see clients . 
Flesh goes to total alert for flight or fight . 
The discovery `` suddenly puts an obscure gene right in the cockpit of cancer formation , '' says Robert Weinberg , a leader in cancer-gene research at Whitehead Institute in Cambridge , Mass . 
The crimes may appear small , but the prices can be huge . 
He added that `` hopefully LIN will conduct a fair auction . '' 
Spiegel also opposes the beeper bill , saying the noise it requires would interfere with customer orders , causing irritation and even errors . 
`` There is a one-out-of-three shot of getting it this year , '' said Sen. David Boren of Oklahoma , a leading Democratic proponent of cutting the capital-gains tax . 
`` Lethal Weapon II '' was also a big hit . 
Oil Spill Case Shows Liability Fund Flaws 
The petrochemical maker said the biggest reason earnings declined was a loss of production time and the increased costs associated with a temporary maintenance closing and expansion of an olefins plant . 
However , as is common with sweeping legislation , the proposal contains many provisions that could destroy important parts of the system it sets out to preserve . 
`` His side of the business has been successful in a tough environment , '' Mr. Rubel said . 
The 1989 act simply extends these guarantees to the private sector . 
ITT 's Hartford Insurance Group had a $ 53 million quarterly pretax loss from Hurricane Hugo , ITT said . 
Mr. Eddington acknowledges that the carrier will have to evolve and adapt to local changes , but he feels that the Sino-British agreement is firm ground to build on for the foreseeable future . 
Complex cases , such as antitrust suits and many business disputes , would receive intense supervision by federal judges to keep pretrial proceedings moving . 
Commissioner Mary Francis Berry said it was `` another sad episode in the saga of the unguided missile who is chairman . '' 
Over the years , it has helped encourage investments by entrepreneurs in the Third World through its extensive credit operations and through loans and investments by the International Finance Corp . 
In perhaps his most telling remark , Mr. Greenspan termed the current U.S. inflation rate of around 4.5 % as `` much too high to be ignored . '' 
In the absence of humans , would the Earth enjoy a constant climate over the long term ? 
Investment-grade corporate , municipal and mortgage-backed securities also fell . 
Lawrence Insurance underwrites mostly primary insurance , a company spokesman said . 
After only 17 months , its main contract , based on the Hang Seng index , had grown to be the second-largest stock-index-futures contract in the world . 
That information , he argued , is critical to reconstructing sharp market moves , such as the one nearly two weeks ago . 
Then they opened small gift shops mostly aimed at Japanese tourists . 
But alleviating that overhang failed to stimulate much activity in the secondary market , where prices were off 1\/8 to up 3\/8 point . 
A broker may have to approach as many as 20 underwriters who insure the endeavors on behalf of the syndicates . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
At Giant Bicycle Inc. , Rancho Dominguez , Calif. , sales have tripled since the company entered the U.S. mountain-bike business in 1987 . 
It is a market attribute -- the ability to absorb selling orders without causing significant price changes in the absence of news . 
Wearing a business suit and western-style hat and boots , he opened up his briefcase and dumped $ 1 million in cash on a table in front of the directors , says Myron Diebel , the bank 's president . 
Revenue increased 7.5 % to $ 540.9 million from $ 503.1 million . 
Mr. Falls kept the form , but Americanized it with Mr. Bartlett 's further help . 
Locally elected school boards , especially in our larger cities , become the prey of ambitious , generally corrupt , and invariably demagogic local politicians or would-be politicians . 
Wedtech , which became embroiled in political-corruption cases that eventually led to its demise , formerly was a minority-owned South Bronx , N.Y. , defense contractor . 
Caere was underwritten by Alex . Brown & Sons . 
More than one-third of the responding businesses said they suffer from drug dealing and loitering near their premises . 
The failed bank had assets of about $ 129.6 million . 
Merrill Lynch now provides credit rating information about the institutions whose CDs it sells , which it did n't provide in 1986 . 
The bureau cited typhoons in the month that discouraged shopping and leisure opportunities . 
The company noted that its Fox-Meyer Drug Co. , Ben Franklin Stores Inc. and Permian Corp. operations showed improvements as a result of restructuring moves . 
The company made its 1990 projection -- an unusual event for Cray -- in announcing improved net income for the third quarter . 
He said the ordinance also will benefit the mentally retarded . 
A small decline in total construction for the entire year is possible if contracting for housing does n't increase in response to this year 's lower mortgage rates , said George A. Christie , vice president and chief economist of Dodge , the forecasting division of publisher McGraw-Hill Inc . 
When all else fails , Gucci Gulch -- the fabled halls of the Capitol inhabited by lobbyists and their imported shoes -- offers a welcome environment for fallen officials . 
Sales of information-processing products and electric parts increased a strong 22 % to 236.23 billion yen from 194.24 billion yen and accounted for 46 % of total sales . 
`` An orphan bear cub . 
In last month 's survey , a number of currency analysts predicted the dollar would be pressured by a narrowing of interest rate differentials between the U.S. and West Germany . 
Bio-Technology General Corp. received tenders for 97.9 % of its 7.5 % convertible senior subordinated notes due April 15 , 1997 , and 96 % of its 11 % convertible senior subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2006 . 
Underwear scored a middling 36 % in brand loyalty , but consumer researchers say that 's actually quite high for such a mundane product . 
The stock , which finished Monday at 29 1\/2 , traded as high as 29 3\/4 and as low as 28 3\/4 before closing at 29 1\/4 , down 1\/4 . 
Still , it may be tough for the two to have a smooth partnership in anything , in the wake of sworn affidavits filed over the last week . 
Equally inconceivable is that the ANC , given the chance to hold a rally , would extend a hand , albeit warily , to the government . 
`` Beta is only part of the risk in a stock , '' says William F. Sharpe , the Stanford University emeritus professor who developed the measure . 
`` The commissioners found the circumstances of the case did n't undercut the assurance from government rate setters of available funds adequate for safe operation , '' said a commission spokesman . 
You 're probably right , and you are n't alone . 
Some become pseudo-lobbyists . 
Merrill Lynch says it 's impossible to estimate how many investors are in Dr. Blumenfeld 's situation , although it says the firm has received only one other complaint about premiums on the secondary market in three years . 
Citicorp fell 1\/2 to 32 , and Manufacturers Hanover slipped 3\/8 to 40 1\/4 . 
Mr. Peake is chairman of his own consulting company in Englewood , N.J . 
Now the 33-year-old housewife , whose husband earns a modest salary as an assistant professor of economics , is saving harder than ever . 
Fees from syndicating loans dropped 48 % , to $ 21 million . 
The 55-year-old Mr. Noriega is n't as smooth as the shah of Iran , as well-born as Nicaragua 's Anastasio Somoza , as imperial as Ferdinand Marcos of the Philippines or as bloody as Haiti 's Baby Doc Duvalier . 
This legislative activity comes as both sides are undertaking new mobilization efforts , plunging into gubernatorial races in Virginia and New Jersey , and girding for next autumn 's state elections . 
Although their ads picture curvy young people in skimpy outfits , club owners know the future lies with the lumpier over-40 set . 
Finnair and SAS said they plan to swap stakes in each other . 
We 've taken it on the chin . 
Separately , for the first nine months , Soo Line reported a loss of $ 398,000 , or four cents a share , compared with net income of $ 12.5 million , or $ 1.32 a share , a year earlier . 
Proceeds from the bonds , with coupon rates in the 8 % range , will be used to replace bonds with an average interest rate of 13.1 % . 
A pair of black skimmers zig-zag past close to the surface . 
Mr. Corry might have to dismember the company more than he wants to . 
Mercury 's stock closed yesterday at $ 4.875 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
For those looking for something between a minority stake and total ownership , the owners ' group is considering a special sale where established horse breeders would sell a 50 % stake in horses to newcomers . 
But the company said the amount ca n't be determined until it knows how many managers opt to retire . 
If Sen. Bradley would permit a vote on capital gains , though , it would pass , Christmas retail sales would be strong instead of burdened by a falling stock market , the 1990 economy would be robust , and the revenue gains at every level of government , including New Jersey 's , would be surprisingly high . 
The news could n't have been better , '' said Linda Kristiansen , a Dean Witter Reynolds analyst , in an interview . 
One cell was teased out , and its DNA extracted . 
Even though such facilities use a relatively small amount of crude , analysts say , now the facility wo n't need any , at a time of already high availability . 
Fees 1 1\/4 . 
Mr. Boies , the first lawyer to use Mr. Vinson 's services , cautions against courts ' allowing extensive jury questioning ( known as voir dire ) or giving out personal information about the jurors . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Rupert Murdoch acquired a 25 % stake in Grupo Zeta S.A. , the leading Spanish magazine and newspaper publisher said . 
The state says there 's no worry -- investment returns , combined with fees and the gains from unused plans , will provide all the cash it needs . 
The Delaware Supreme Court affirmed a ruling that barred Chris-Craft Industries from voting its Warner preferred stock as a separate class in deciding on the companies ' proposed merger . 
A lot of big European banks , mostly French , and Swiss arb accounts have been buying the stock just to flip it '' for a quick profit , he said . 
West Germany 's BMW commissioned the Nuremberg post office to test a prototype battery-powered car . 
The conversation was taped by federal investigators in what Mr. Lang said was an effort to get Mr. Lorin to implicate Mr. Laff . 
Its supposedly austere minimalism overlays a bombast that makes one yearn for the astringency of neoclassical Stravinsky , the genuinely radical minimalism of Berg and Webern , and what in retrospect even seems like concision in Mahler . 
The chains `` used to offer discounts during winter when business was slow , but in the last year or so , discounting has become a 12-month thing , '' says Donald Harty , president of Charisma Group Inc. , a New York franchisee of Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King chain . 
Detroit Edison , the plan pioneer , generated $ 54,000 in matching funds this year , up from $ 39,000 in 1988 . 
At a shareholders ' meeting in London , the tobacco , financial-services and retailing giant said it received 99.9 % approval from voting holders for plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets . 
A group including several members of the the Bass family of Texas urged the company to take some steps to maximize shareholder value . 
There are two versions of `` Measure for Measure '' on stage at the Alley Theater here . 
`` Our company has not been able to cope very effectively with '' changes in the marketplace , said Ryosuke Ito , Sansui 's president . 
Mr. Breeden did n't reject the proposal . 
`` I 'm pretty confident I 'm catching everything , '' he says . 
He succeeds as president , Don Freeberg , who remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
For example , 12 % of this year 's respondents said they expect a recession within 12 months . 
Lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , federal researchers report . 
The main sensation , besides feeling like a puppet jerked with invisible strings , is `` like a rap on the head , '' says Sam Bridgers , a neurologist who has studied the brain stimulators at Yale University . 
Honda says the five-cylinder engine provides a compromise between the fuel-economy of a four-cylinder , and the power of a V-6 . 
There still are some details to be nailed down . 
Now , according to a Kidder World story about Mr. Megargel , all the firm has to do is `` position ourselves more in the deal flow . '' 
Not a great deal . 
Arkla said it will report $ 179 milllion in one-time charges against continuing operations for the third quarter , reflecting settlement of certain natural gas contracts . 
Revenues rose 8.8 % to $ 4.35 billion from $ 4.0 billion . 
`` The industry is overbuilt , '' he says . 
The places renowned for breeding bunco , like the Miami neighborhood known as the `` Maggot Mile '' and Las Vegas 's flashy strip of casinos , invariably offer fast cars , high rollers , glamorous women and lots of sunshine . 
First Fidelity Bancorp. , Lawrenceville , N.J. , reported a 24 % drop in third-quarter profit , because of a decline in earning assets , lower loan volume and tighter interest margins . 
`` The volume we received from the banks was a lot lower than usual , '' he says . 
( The condom balloon was denied official entry status this year . ) 
Court documents filed by prosecutors indicate Mr. Tomlin tried to steer to Sperry a multimillion dollar contract to computerize maintenance of certain Navy electronics equiment . 
Ohbayashi Corp. agreed to buy E.W. Howell Co. , the U.S. subsidiary of Selmer-Sande AS , of Norway , for about $ 7 million . 
He said he was giving up the golden share `` to clear the way so the playing field is level between all contestants . '' 
Mr. Schmedel is editor of The Wall Street Journal 's Tax Report column . 
It also allows people to buy the best and the cheapest goods from anywhere in the world . 
In fact , throughout `` Mancuso FBI , '' we do n't get words or lines -- we get speeches . 
Only 58 % of Americans now believe that foreign cars get better gas mileage than domestic models , the Journal survey found , down from 68 % in 1987 . 
`` The boom 's so huge , '' says Mitsuru Saito , an economist at Sanwa Research Institute , `` it makes you think of the Golden '60s , '' when Japan developed rapidly . 
When that happened , `` seismic '' tremors of fear -- much like the shock waves created by an earthquake -- coursed through the market and increased the market 's volatility . 
The results were in line with analysts ' expectations . 
By one estimate , everyone here under 50 owns at least one bike . 
The collaboration will include at least 25 researchers and will be aimed primarily at developing thin films of high-temperature superconductors for use in electronics , the companies said . 
`` They are n't prepared to compete in an area where the Japanese want to enter . '' 
Within a year he hopes Steppenwolf will move into a new 500-seat theater on that site . 
UAL currently has 22.6 million shares , fully diluted . 
Banc One said `` it is contemplated '' that John B. McCoy , chairman and chief executive officer , will assume the additional position of president upon Mr. McKinney 's retirement . 
Last week came news of alarm in Venice over a plan to tap gas fields off the city 's coast . 
He is a senior partner with the law firm of Riordan & McKinzie and is a partner in Riordan Venture Management . 
Adds Spencer Barasch , branch chief for enforcement at the SEC in Fort Worth , Texas : `` Why do people play the lottery when the odds are great against them ? 
Coca-Cola Bottling Co. Consolidated , shelf offering of $ 200 million of debt securities , via Salomon Brothers Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The bids remain subject to evaluation by the federal bankruptcy court supervising PS of New Hampshire 's reorganization . 
Shareholders of Messerschmitt-Boelkow-Blohm G.m.b . H. postponed their formal endorsement of a merger with Daimler-Benz AG until another meeting on Nov. 17 . 
Common sense suggests that people who play for a company that charges about half what those houses do for a ticket are not in the same market . 
Some money managers are pursuing growth stocks at the expense of those that rise and fall along with the economic cycle . 
This had been the exclusive province of those rich enough to use six-figure sums to get income that was figured beyond the third or fourth decimal place . 
Some have been training for months ; others only recently left active status . 
United Illuminating 's plan , however , offers more for unsecured creditors . 
In return , Mr. Craig agreed to cooperate in the government 's continuing payola probe , says a spokeswoman for the U.S. attorney 's office . 
Guinness 's Schenley Industries unit has increased its TV advertising in Japan and has built partnerships with duty-free shops throughout Asia , enabling it to install prominent counter displays . 
Japanese air-conditioner maker Daikin Industries Ltd. was fined two million yen ( $ 14,000 ) for exporting to the Soviet Union a chemical solution that could be used in missile-guidance systems . 
One handout promises : `` Pedigrees , parties , post times , parimutuels and pageantry . '' 
The increase follows the company 's report of strong earnings for the third quarter , and reflects what American Brands called its `` tradition of sharing earnings growth '' with shareholders . 
The disagreement centers on testing deadlines and other issues involving a FileNet system installed earlier this year . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the funds fell to 8.21 % this week from 8.26 % . 
Warner says that what it really wants is for the producers to fulfill their contractual obligations , but the bitterness of this battle and the accusations flying on both sides make it unlikely that the decade-long relationship between Warner and its two most prolific producers can ever be repaired . 
Michael L. Bandler , vice president for network technology at Pacific Bell Telephone Co. , says nearly all the network 's computer switches , which move thousands of calls a minute from one location to another , changed to battery power when the city lost power . 
It leads investors to focus on short-term price movements -- `` a game of musical chairs , '' he called it -- rather than on long-term fundamental valuation . 
A federal judge turned down the Chapter 11 petition . 
William P. Panny , MLX chairman and chief executive , said the pact `` will provide MLX with the additional time and flexibility necessary to complete the restructuring of the company 's capital structure . '' 
In Bombay stock market circles , the buzzword is `` mega . '' 
The committee has two groups of experts it calls on to analyze Eastern 's plans . 
Meanwhile , Japanese government bonds retreated in quiet trading , stymied by the dollar 's resiliency . 
In addition , a planned two-part offering of $ 58 million in unsecured notes was n't offered . 
They can make the masks brittle and can pass through material they 're not supposed to . 
Much of the price decline has been blamed on a slowing economy and the third quarter is typically the industry 's slowest period . 
No one expects minimills to eclipse major integrated steelmakers , who remain the undisputed kings of highest-quality steel used for autos and refrigerators . 
Only 2 % of the people in September cited Sears 's `` friendly personnel . '' 
Before that he was president and chief operating officer of Twentieth Century-Fox Film Corp . 
The reason : Items with narrow appeal can be important in a market as fragmented as today 's . 
Coca-Cola Co. said it produced a new version of its 1971 `` I 'd like to teach the world to sing '' commercial . 
-- Arnold J. Zarett . 
Nekoosa closed yesterday at $ 42.75 , up $ 2.75 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
One of the studies , done at the University of Minnesota , tested 75 people with raised cholesterol levels . 
The earthquake is likely to reduce GNP negligibly in the near term and then could raise it a bit as rebuilding begins . 
Howard Bailit , a panel member and a vice president of Aetna Life & Casualty , said that utilization management will also do a better job of containing costs as it spreads to cover medical services delivered outside of hospitals . 
Guarantee rates are typically 100 % , giving lenders little reason to screen customers carefully . 
Nationwide , output of light industrial products declined 1.8 % -- `` the first decline in 10 years , '' a bureau spokesman told China Daily . 
`` More money has been lost reaching for yield than in all the stock speculations , scams and frauds of all time . '' 
But the bill was passed without debate in the Diet , in the absence of the opposition . 
RJR 's executives have said they will dispense with certain brands , in particular , that are n't leaders in their markets . 
Business was n't disrupted . 
The 101-year-old magazine has never had to woo advertisers with quite so much fervor before . 
A big solitary bear . 
Revenue for fiscal 1989 is expected to exceed $ 124 million . 
Darman now blames the clash on miscommunication , but House GOP leader Michel , who carried the offer to him , observes , `` I was speaking English at the time , and quite loud so I could be understood . '' 
`` To slow the rise in total spending , it will be necessary to reduce per-capita use of services , '' the NAM warns in a policy statement . 
Y&R 's Klein Steps Down 
The Fed 's problem is not that it is too independent , or too unpolitical . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Pacific Telesis common closed at $ 45.50 , up 87.5 cents . 
But the growth was partly offset by lower equipment sales and rentals and price cuts on some products . 
The FBI initially showed little interest , and he had the impression other federal security agencies were tangled up in legal red tape . 
Yesterday , Joel Zweibel , an attorney for Eastern 's creditors committee , declined to comment on whether the experts had ever been instructed to look at other choices and whether they now were asked not to . 
HomeFed plunged 3 5\/8 to 38 1\/2 ; its third-quarter earnings were down from a year ago . 
The new `` social choice '' fund will shun securities of companies linked to South Africa , nuclear power and in some cases , Northern Ireland . 
When the jolt is timed just right , the subjects do n't recall seeing the first group of letters . 
Many big Wall Street brokerage firms who eliminated their research effort in stocks of emerging growth companies a few years ago are now resuming coverage of this area , he notes . 
Throughout the early 1980s , Mr. Bush was quoted sometimes supporting federal funding for abortion in cases of rape and incest and sometimes opposing it . 
Mr. Fournier also noted that Navigation Mixte joined Paribas 's core of shareholders when Paribas was denationalized in 1987 , and said it now holds just under 5 % of Paribas 's shares . 
A pact with GM may emerge in as little as two weeks , according to sources close to the talks . 
The new U.S. package also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Mercury shares closed yesterday at $ 4.625 , up 50 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Although he says he was n't keen on going , last year he attended a New York gala where his daughter made her debut . 
The company earns about half its revenue overseas and plans further expansion . 
In Oakland , officials said the 57-year-old longshoreman who spent four days entombed in rubble was in critical condition with slight improvement . 
Auto insurance rates are soaring . 
Ratners Group PLC 's U.S. subsidiary has agreed to acquire jewelry retailer Weisfield 's Inc. for $ 50 a share , or about $ 55 million . 
The previous BellSouth pact was valued at about $ 98 to $ 110 a share . 
`` There 's a whole bunch of stuff that 's money good and a whole bunch of stuff that 's not so good . '' 
But both sides appear to be more willing now to meet each other 's terms to resolve the issue . 
Jupiter is so enormous -- its mass is 318 times that of Earth -- that its gravity may have trapped these primordial gases and never let them escape . 
Dow closed at $ 94.625 a share , up 75 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The director of Zimbabwe 's Wildlife Department described American conservationists as `` fat little puppies from urban environments who do n't know a thing about Africa . '' 
Exports declined for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
`` You 're making a pure bet on the market . 
The upshot ? 
As president , Mr. Lung , 42 years old , succeeds his father , Mervin D. Lung , 66 , who founded the company in 1959 . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.10 % in 2010 . 
The October short interest represents 1.04 days of average daily trading volume in the smaller stocks in the system for the reporting period , compared with 0.94 day a month ago . 
It was clear that more than one gene had to be damaged for colon cancer to develop . 
They do n't like the risks they are forced to assume when prices swing so drastically . 
A computer with the optical device will still cost $ 6,495 , but from now on Next will outfit every computer with a hard drive and supply one at no cost to those who have already bought Next machines . 
If the output was too great for the domestic market , he said , companies should export . 
Yesterday , Mr. Matthews , now a consultant with the Stamford , Conn. , firm Matthews & Johnston , quipped , `` I think he 'll be very good at that { new job } . 
Chez Panisse , whose founder , Alice Waters , is considered the inventor of the cooking style known as California cuisine and whose patrons make reservations a month in advance , has n't exactly subjected diners to vanilla ice cream because of the theft . 
On Friday , the Merc 's board announced that it had approved Sabine Pipe Line Co. 's Henry Hub in Erath , La. , as the delivery site for its long-awaited natural gas futures contract . 
`` It 's the total relationship that is important . '' 
The repurchase , coupled with an earlier buyback , will reduce the firm 's shares outstanding by over 26 % . 
Joseph L. Dionne , chairman and chief executive officer of McGraw-Hill Inc. , was elected to the board of directors of this electronics manufacturer . 
Were not the pictures and happenings , which have been continuing news headlines , answers enough ? 
Meanwhile , Sotheby 's guarantee is raising eyebrows in the art world . 
Frequent trading runs up high commission costs . 
In the long run , investment advisers say , most investors will be better off using the dollar-cost averaging method of buying stocks . 
In responding to questions , Mr. Greenspan played down reports of tension between the Fed and the Treasury over exchange-rate policy . 
Canadian Pacific could n't be reached for comment , and MacMillan Bloedel said it has n't any plans to make a bid for Nekoosa . 
For some patients , AZT has restored the ability to ride a bicycle or solve puzzles , giving back a piece of their childhood if only temporarily . 
Telephone-operations quarterly profit increased 9 % to $ 84 million from $ 77 million , while federal-systems earnings declined 33 % to $ 4 million from $ 6 million . 
Japanese government bonds continued to erode as the dollar remained resilient against the yen . 
`` We certainly do have a lack of liquidity here , and it 's something to be concerned about , '' says James A. Gregoire , a managing director . 
But the stated U.S. position is detailed and specific , and the prospect of biological warfare is profoundly chilling . 
A one-time noncontract full-page advertisement in The Wall Street Journal national edition will cost $ 99,385 . 
In Mr. Luzon 's first year , the bank eliminated 800 jobs . 
IBM shares closed at $ 103 , down 50 cents , in Big Board trading . 
But under Alan Greenspan that has changed . 
By 1980 , there were more than 100 such funds . 
The portfolios of two hypothetical families , one a couple at retirement age and another a two-income couple at age 45 , illustrate several types of risk that investors need to consider . 
But analysts said the rebound did n't remove the cautious mood from the market . 
Guarana Antarctica , a Brazilian soft drink , is brought to the U.S. by Amcap , Chevy Chase , Md . 
Provigo plans to sell all non-food operations to refocus on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
Manville Corp. said it will build a $ 24 million power plant to provide electricity to its Igaras pulp and paper mill in Brazil . 
It generally fetches no more than # 25,000 ( $ 39,400 ) -- roughly # 16,000 less than the highest-priced Jaguars , which are all known for their hand-crafted leather work . 
For the nine months , Eastern had net income of $ 41.8 million , or $ 1.80 a share , up 23 % from $ 33.9 million or $ 1.46 a share a year ago . 
He could grasp an issue with the blink of an eye . '' 
1 . Make sure you have a strong personnel department . 
Yesterday , it received a $ 15 million , three-year contract from Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
Wall Street 
Foreign exchange dealers said that the currency market has begun to distance itself from the volatile stock exchange , which has preoccupied the market since Oct. 13 , when the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged more than 190 points . 
Mr. Paul had no right to buy art for the S&L in the first place -- it is n't on the comptroller 's `` permissible '' list -- without seeking a special dispensation , which he did not do . 
U.S. Cycling Federation official Philip Milburn says mountain biking is `` growing at such a monstrous rate that a lot of companies are getting into this . '' 
INMAC CORP. , Santa Clara , maker of computer accessories , annual sales of $ 250 million , OTC , said telephones were out at its headquarters but service should be restored by today . 
Meanwhile , a federal mediator is scheduled to meet today with Boeing officials and representatives of 55,000 striking Machinists . 
But company insiders estimated that the loss could approach the equivalent of $ 10 million . 
Like others , Mr. Gabelli says that if futures cause investors to lose confidence in stocks , they will move away from stocks -- as many have already done . 
The three units are a nationwide pharmaceutical and health-products distributor , a small sporting-goods chain , and a combination catalog showroom and toy-store chain . 
But , Mr. Kakita added , once U.S. equities regain some stability , players will move back into dollar-denominated investments , especially Treasury bonds , whose value rises when interest rates decline . 
The Merc 's extremely successful contracts in crude oil , gasoline and heating oil have made it the largest futures exchange in New York , and third behind the Chicago Board of Trade and Chicago Mercantile Exchange . 
Here she delivers , especially during her enthusiastically awful rendition of the `` Candy Man , '' which she sings while prancing around in a little cotton candy pink angora sweater that could n't be more perfect . 
The Southfield , Mich.-based company earned $ 774,000 in the quarter last year . 
He disclosed that before Control Data scrapped its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer business this past spring , those costs were running at nearly 35 % of group revenue . 
Does Mr. Steinhardt regret his incursion into the takeover-threat game ? 
Excluding the provision , Republic earned $ 44.6 million , up 15 % from a year ago . 
`` Over the next few years , I would advise caution . '' 
According to news reports , the abrupt termination was due to fears that VOA transmissions could interfere with the peace process . 
The effort to revive the bid was complicated by the unwieldy nature of the three-party buying group . 
Mr. Taft paid an average of $ 28.43 for each share . 
Two bills in Congress hope to make such restrictions national . 
The operator of fast-food restaurants , whose shares began trading last Friday , climbed 3 1\/8 to 23 on 944,000 shares . 
The company said the fastener business `` has been under severe cost pressures for some time . '' 
Wright 's organic architecture demonstrated a keen sensitivity to the environment decades before it became fashionable among `` la-la activists . '' 
It also tracks personnel and financial announcements by NEC 's distributors and customers . 
`` I 'm one of them who hope they will , with $ 6 billion in debt on the books . 
Arco 's earnings from its 49.9 % stake in Lyondell fell to $ 37 million from $ 156 million for the same period last year , when Lyondell was wholly owned . 
`` If I can show signs of maturity , almost anybody can , '' he jokes . 
Money-fund assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the week ended Tuesday , to a record $ 348.4 billion , according to IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter . 
The communications and entertainment company said revenue rose to $ 345.5 million , from $ 311.6 million . 
Rockwell said the agreement calls for it to supply 200 additional so-called shipsets for the planes . 
To be introduced later are a multiplexer , which will allow several signals to travel along a single optical line ; a light-wave system , which carries voice channels ; and a network controller , which directs data flow through cross-connect systems . 
Retired Adm. William J. Crowe , former chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff , and Robert P. Luciano , chairman and chief executive officer of Schering-Plough Corp. , were elected directors of this securities firm . 
Prospect Street High Income Portfolio , for instance , now holds about 15 % in cash and equivalents , nearly quintuple the amount it held earlier this year , says John Frabotta , portfolio co-manager . 
Now the ambivalent middle , a moral majority of sorts , is reasserting itself . 
`` Just because upscale cosmetics look like packaged goods and smell like packaged goods , it does n't mean they are packaged goods , '' says Leonard Lauder , chief executive of Estee Lauder . 
That means the fund is n't obligated to pay anything , at least so far . 
After years of wild swings , oil prices over the last 12 months have settled at around $ 15 to $ 20 a barrel . 
These are not certain , either . 
For an investor in the 28 % federal tax bracket , 7.9 % tax-free is the same as 10.38 % on a taxable investment . 
In Greater Israel more than half the children under six are Muslims . 
`` His supporters are not venal , but their solution to everything will be to spend more money , and he wo n't have any money . '' 
For financial analysts , reading Omni 's accounts is a tough challenge . 
It was promoted on cable services , including MTV , Nick at Night and VH-1 , and premiered as the No. 22-rated show for the week . 
On Wall Street yesterday , northern California 's killer earthquake was just another chance to make a buck . 
But while September exports rose to # 8.43 billion , imports shot up to # 10.37 billion . 
Mr. Bloch concedes that a recent diversification attempt fell through . 
But foreign exploration and production earnings fell sharply , to $ 12 million from $ 95 million . 
Mr. Seidman , who has been the nation 's top bank regulator , inherited the problems of Lincoln , based in Irvine , Calif. , after his regulatory role was expanded by the new savings-and-loan bailout law . 
Chugai has been one of the most active Japanese players in U.S. biotechnology companies ; it has an equity investment in Genetics Institute Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , and a joint-venture agreement with Upjohn Co. , Kalamazoo , Mich . 
Larsen & Toubro , for example , says it 's raising $ 570 million to use as supplier credit on large engineering jobs . 
CHICAGO - 
RJR Nabisco Inc. said it agreed to sell its Baby Ruth , Butterfinger and Pearson candy businesses to Nestle S.A. 's Nestle Foods unit for $ 370 million . 
Moreover , `` it 's a lot cheaper and quicker to buy a plant than to build one . '' 
Corporate leaders , frustrated by double-digit increases in health-care costs , are beginning to sound like liberal Democrats . 
State engineers have made a preliminary finding that it was failure of the concrete columns , wrenched and separated from the double-decker roadbed , that was responsible for the collapse . 
One Conservative MP , David Wilshire , said : `` I should have a wonderful suntan by Christmas . '' 
Each legislator , after all , is only one out of 535 when it comes to national policy making . 
He took Polly Peck , once a small fabric wholesaler , and used it at as a base to build a conglomerate that has been doubling its profits annually since 1980 . 
Refining and marketing earnings climbed to $ 33.3 million from $ 12.9 million , and exploration and production earnings rose to $ 37.1 million from $ 17.9 million . 
Net for the quarter was $ 62.8 million , or 73 cents a share , down from $ 64.9 million , or 72 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Indeed , Mr. Krenz said on East German television last night that there will be no sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
Today , he is publisher of Business Tokyo magazine , the first English-language business magazine devoted to coverage of Japanese business . 
a nun raising some lovable orphans . 
They said they hoped to conduct tests on human patients in the U.S. by late next year . 
In the past , writes Houston Chronicle columnist Jim Barlow , outlanders were accepted only after passing a series of tests to prove they had the `` right '' Texas attitudes and `` of course they had to be dipped for parasites . '' 
Bonds received a bigger boost later in the day when stock prices moved broadly lower . 
Pittsburgh figures it will be dethroned but plans to accept its ouster graciously . 
Those who fear a plethora of suits paralyzing our legal system need only look at the record on the Rehabilitation Act . 
Either one likes it or one does n't . 
HealthVest , an Austin , Texas , real estate investment trust , said that Chemical Bank , the lead bank under its domestic bank agreement , told it that if $ 3.3 million owed to the bank group is n't paid by today , the group will call the $ 120 million that HealthVest has outstanding under the credit line . 
And by substituting yet another landscape architect , Nicholas Quennell , he insists he can achieve that and other accommodations to gardening reality while still preserving the `` artistic vision '' of a `` truly great artist . '' 
Exxon 
For Mr. Jones , it was just the beginning . 
The title of chief executive officer is n't used . 
Mr. Rosen said the quake will revive consumer interest in a little-publicized 1972 state law that requires brokers to disclose to potential buyers how close a property sits to a fault line . 
The Securities and Exchange Commission gave provisional six-month approval to the Big Board basket at a meeting late yesterday . 
Only now is it undergoing a badly needed facelift . 
The increase is noted in the brokerage firm 's latest proxy statement filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Ford Motor Co. said it will shut down for one week its Kentucky Truck Plant because of a `` shortage of dealer orders . '' 
But when the high court ruled in the Webster case in July , the president began to lower the volume . 
Ultimate Corp. signed a letter of intent to market Hewlett-Packard Co. minicomputers , the companies said . 
Aer Lingus is in discussions with the Soviet carrier about a cargo venture and other possibilities . 
He is under intense fire from other Palestinian groups ; Syria is pushing Ahmad Jibril , whose terrorist band is blamed for the Pan Am 103 bombing , as an alternative to Arafat . 
The date was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
Echo Bay Mines rose 5\/8 to 15 7\/8 ; Pegasus Gold advanced 1 1\/2 to 12 , and Corona Class A gained 1\/2 to 7 1\/2 . 
`` People are looking for an ability to try and read the market , rather than be manipulated , '' said Dudley A. Eppel , manager of equity trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
The decision reflects the Fed 's tougher stance on enforcing the Community Reinvestment Act , a federal law passed in 1977 to help low-income residents obtain loans . 
Child care was one of the many `` extraneous '' bills pulled out of the Senate 's reconciliation bill last Friday . 
In any new proposal , British Air would expect a greater rate of return than the 20%-plus in the original proposal . 
The company had a one-time charge of $ 14.8 million in the latest quarter covering the disposition of certain assets . 
The plea settlement does not allow Southern Co. to charge any of the $ 500,000 to its customers , or take action against employees who provided information during the federal inquiry . 
However , for many , managing speed does not come naturally . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises Inc. , fulfilling its dismal earnings forecast for 1989 , said its third-quarter net income fell 68 % on flat revenue . 
Some investors say there is a good chance that the trust will , instead , seek to convert the company 's shares to cash , in some sort of friendly restructuring that would n't involve just dumping stock on the market . 
`` Taste has finally come to the fore , '' he says . 
The animal had to be destroyed ; the bikers fled and were never found . 
It is easy to fight when you do n't have any other option . '' 
Earlier this year , Blackstone Group , a New York investment bank , had no trouble selling out a special $ 570 million mortgage-securities trust it created for Japanese investors . 
`` Real heroes exist . 
This maker of electronic measuring devices named two new directors , increasing board membership to nine . 
San Franciscans have a much higher incidence of audits than average because more of them score high under that formula , not because IRS agents envy their life styles . 
Trustcorp Inc. will become Society Bank & Trust when its merger is completed with Society Corp. of Cleveland , the bank said . 
Congress should stop throwing tax dollars out to sea by subsidizing the development of beach communities on ecologically fragile coastal barrier islands , such as the hard-hit Isle of Palms near Charleston . 
The Humana hospital responded by jacking up prices to make up for lost revenue , Mr. Conn says , and now charges as much as $ 8,000 for the procedure , which costs only about $ 3,500 in Lexington . 
Indeed , U.S. officials have indicated to the press that the continuation of aid depends on what success the weakened resistance achieves by the end of this year . 
West German bonds firmed a bit after Monday 's fall , but traders said the market remains bearish due to speculation that interest rates could rise again . 
Stock-market tremors again shook bond prices , while the dollar turned in a mixed performance . 
The problem for Congress will be to weigh what China is saying to its people against the more conciliatory message it is delivering to the Bush administration . 
The court often weighs deductions of sideline-business costs : Do they stem from a profit-seeking activity or a nondeductible hobby ? 
The Senate Agriculture Committee is responding to trading abuses in the futures markets with a far-reaching bill that would become the Futures Trading Practices Act of 1989 . 
`` If you invested $ 10,000 in the initial public offering in 1962 , it would be worth well over $ 5 million today , '' says Fredric E. Russell , a Tulsa , Okla. , money manager . 
William O'Donnell , president , says he still thinks the IPO will succeed . 
`` It smacks of big brotherism . 
a - Includes a one-time gain of $ 88.7 million from a commonstock sale by U S West 's U S West New Vector Group . 
Unknown to Mr. Tharp , he had fouled his net on a special IRS project to catch catfish farmers and haulers inclined to cheat on their taxes . 
But orders for non-defense capital goods , a precursor of future plant and equipment spending , were off 5.6 % after falling 10.3 % in August . 
Yesterday , the Dow Jones Industrial Average did a now familiar dance : It plunged 60.25 points before lunch , with most of the drop occurring in 25 minutes . 
The trial had been postponed to allow Dunkin ' Donuts to seek alternatives to DD Acquisition 's offer . 
Activity in derivative markets was strong with four new real estate mortgage investment conduits announced and talk of several more deals in today 's session . 
Great Western , based in Beverly Hills , Calif. , is a financial services firm and parent to Great Western Bank , an S&L . 
Before joining Apple in 1986 , Mr. Karalis served as general counsel at Sperry Corp . 
The long-running scandal surrounding the 1982 collapse of Banco Ambrosiano was reignited by the arrest last week of Rome businessman Flavio Carboni on fraud charges . 
The basket products are `` an evolutionary step '' in solving problems in trading big blocks of stock that came to light in the 1987 market crash , said SEC Commissioner Joseph Grundfest . 
Eugene A. Miller , 52 years old , was elected a director of this electric utility company , filling a vacancy . 
There , on one of his first shopping trips , Mr. Paul picked up several paintings at stunning prices . 
The political risk would be far less if the president drew a firm line and hewed to it , experts insist . 
Even if that scenario occurs , Westinghouse figures it is prepared . 
The dividend represents the balance of its regular quarterly payout of 10 cents a share , of which half was paid July 17 in a final distribution prior to its merger with B.B. Real Estate Investment Corp. , also in July . 
In theory , the value attached to a firm by the market and the cost of replacing its assets should be the same . 
The Steppenwolf Theatre Company , back from a critical and box office success in London with its adaptation of Steinbeck 's `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' opened the new season with Harold Pinter 's `` The Homecoming , '' first produced by the Royal Shakespeare Company in 1965 . 
Meanwhile , fewer than 10 % of the healthy cells were killed . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) said yesterday on NBC-TV 's `` Meet the Press '' that Mr. Ortega 's threat was `` a very unwise move , particularly the timing of it . '' 
Jaguar shares skyrocketed yesterday after Mr. Ridley 's announcement , following their temporary suspension on London 's Stock Exchange . 
But Congress and the president accept no responsibility for the exercise of the power they have given the Fed . 
There is evidence to support that view . 
P&G , in particular , rarely rolls out a product nationally before extensive test-marketing . 
Mr. Steinkuehler said at a convention in West Berlin that the union has to prepare for `` a big fight '' to achieve its main goal of a 35-hour workweek , down from current 37-hour workweek . 
Brush Wellman Inc. said its board increased the number of shares of common stock to be purchased under a previously authorized program to 3.9 million from 2.9 million . 
Management and unions representing 2,400 employees at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star reached a tentative contract agreement Friday , averting a strike by most employees of Canada 's largest daily newspaper . 
But few knew it then and most still think all pencils are wooden . 
The company 's chemicals interests include , among other things , petroleum additives , pharmaceuticals ingredients and polysilicon used by the semiconductor industry . 
Of some 160 switches in Pacific Bell 's network , only four went down . 
A Tucson Electric spokesman said the utility was disappointed by the commission 's decision and `` concerned about the financial integrity of the company . 
`` I think that 's the first nonstop commercial passenger flight from Japan to land here , '' an airport spokesman said . 
With the $ 3 million received from investors , he took frequent junkets with friends to exotic locales and leased an expensive BMW for his girlfriend , whom he met at the shop where he got his custom-tailored suits . 
Jerry Steinman , publisher of Beer Marketers Insights , a trade newsletter , said Anheuser 's announcement means `` everybody else in the industry is going to have a difficult time reaching their profit objectives . '' 
Then he canceled production of the Navy 's most important carrier aircraft , the F-14 and the A-6 . 
The son of a Seagram 's executive who was stationed in many countries around the world , Mr. McDonough was born in Tokyo and attended 19 schools in places ranging from Hong Kong to Shaker Heights , Ohio , before entering Dartmouth College . 
`` Whatever capital it ( Sansui ) needs so it can compete and become a totally global entity capable of competing with the best in the world , that capital will be injected , '' Mr. Nadir said . 
On the suit by the limited partners , he says he is considering a defamation suit against the plaintiffs . 
The Treasury 's 30-year bond ended over 1\/4 point higher . 
In national over-the-counter trading , MCI fell $ 2.625 to $ 42.375 . 
Along with the exodus of shopping opportunities is an exodus of the jobs that the major chains used to provide to community residents . 
( A ratings point represents 904,000 television households ; shares indicate the percentage of sets in use . ) 
But meanwhile , USAir is expected to show losses or lackluster profit for several quarters as it tries to digest Piedmont Airlines , which it acquired . 
Humana Inc. , Louisville , Ky. , also reported favorable results , with net income of $ 66.7 million , or 66 cents , in the fourth quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 58.2 million , or 59 cents , a year earlier . 
From time to time he returns to the monastery for prayer , meditation and pro bono legal work . 
`` One can hardly overemphasize the importance of her rear end , '' Ms. Rose writes . 
In an open electronic system , any investor wishing to pay for real-time access to the trading arena through a registered broker-dealer would be able to see the entire supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at each price ) entered by dealers and investors alike , and to enter and execute orders . 
In his Mansion House speech , Mr. Lawson warned that a further slowdown can be expected as the impact of the last rise in interest rates earlier this month takes effect . 
The issue has assumed some of the character of past civil-rights debates and reopens old regional divisions in the Democratic majority . 
`` We would stop index arbitrage when the market is under stress , and we have recently , '' he said , citing Oct. 13 and earlier this week . 
Ashland also took a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover anticipated costs to correct problems with boilers built by one of its subsidiaries . 
The counter-argument , which he has heard , is that if he and his fellow Democrats are successful in killing the president 's proposal , the revenue gap will open up tremendously in 1990 because of the weakened economy . 
As a result of dropping the liquidation plan , shareholders will have to treat dividends received this year as ordinary income or capital gains rather than as tax free returns of capital , the company said . 
COTTON : 
For the government , it has become a highly volatile political issue . 
The division will be headed by Dick Porter , who returns to Bozell after being vice president of media at MGM . 
\* Actual performance , not annualized 
Mrs. Thatcher : `` If it 's one against 48 , I 'm very sorry for the 48 . '' 
Mr. Boren does n't think all this influenced the failed coup this month , but he does concede that Congress has made mistakes . 
Despite federal approval , General Dynamics says it decided it wo n't go ahead with the matching program . 
But economic arguments , however solid , wo n't necessarily impress Hong Kong 's 5.7 million people . 
Even with its striking views of the New York harbor , the building is considered antiquated by modern office standards . 
But how much will shoppers benefit ? 
As we will see , many of these obligations do n't show up as part of the federal deficit . 
In a stunning shift in direction , Provigo Inc. said it will sell all its non-food operations to concentrate solely on its retail and wholesale grocery business . 
During the coming months , layers of management will be peeled away and regional offices will become more autonomous . 
It 's also a fast fix for an ailing image . 
He wants it now . 
The company acquired the debt when it paid $ 155 million to purchase Wilson last year . 
It is probably continuing and may well account for most of , or all of , present-day global warming . 
There are so many cunning ploys used by so many dubious operators , they say , that it is probably impossible to stop them all . 
Some apply it to gouty joints . 
Revenue rose to $ 590.7 million from $ 575.1 million . 
Occidental Petroleum 
Kirin Brewery was up 100 at 2,000 , and Ajinomoto gained 70 to 2,840 . 
When we look closely at our own history , it is clear that our constitutionally mandated civil rights have evolved not through the goodness of people 's hearts but through legislation and constitutional amendments . 
It was also at Juilliard that Mr. McDuffie discovered his predilection for conservative , 20th-century American composers such as David Diamond and Samuel Barber . 
Entertainment and media stocks generally escaped the market 's slide as well . 
Qintex Australia was `` going to pay more than $ 1 billion for MGM\/UA and then they could n't come up with the far smaller sum of $ 5.9 million . '' 
But nobody did such a piece , reflecting a contemporary axiom : the more a scandal has to do with a congressman 's duties as a congressman , the less likely it is to catch the fancy of a network . 
Net fell 16 % to $ 123.1 million , or $ 1.02 a share , from $ 145.7 million , or $ 1.18 a share . 
But the device obscures more than it illuminates . 
But that ghost was n't fooled ; he knew the RDF was neither rapid nor deployable nor a force -- even though it cost $ 8 billion or $ 10 billion a year . 
`` We 'd like to continue to reduce debt , '' President Lawrence Perlman said . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose 1\/8 point . 
Some House Democrats are trying to head off an appointment by President Bush to the board that oversees the savings-and-loan bailout , contending that the prospective nominee is the head of troubled banks himself . 
Because of tax-loss carry-forward , Leucadia said it expects to escape taxes on `` a substantial portion of the gain . '' 
But Richard Anderson , head of the Forum for College Financing Alternatives , at Columbia University , a research group partly financed by the federal government , says zeros are particularly ill-suited . 
Although Ryder did n't break out the charge , analysts estimated that the majority of the $ 57 million was linked to workers ' compensation reserves and anticipated losses on the disposal of trucks . 
`` If you 're selling equities , you do n't start getting proceeds for five to seven days , '' said Frank Rachwalski , who manages the Kemper Money Market Fund . 
A spokeswoman for the state 's Office of Court Administration declined to comment on the suit . 
In the 1988 quarter , many farmers were forced to sell their cattle to feedlot operators because the drought dried out the pasture on their ranches . 
He was turning himself in . 
HOT TOPIC : 
Foreigners involved in prostitution will be punished according to the law , and those with sexually transmitted diseases will be expelled from the country , according to the regulations . 
Private dressmaking , for example , is allowed in 10 Soviet republics but banned by five ; shoemaking is allowed in seven but illegal in nine . 
While Georgia-Pacific 's stock has outperformed the market in the past two years , Nekoosa has lagged the market in the same period . 
Liberty National exchanged about 78.64 shares of its common stock for each of Florence Deposit 's 5,600 shares outstanding . 
In his letter , Mr. Finkelstein also referred to the recent San Francisco earthquake . 
Unilever wo n't comment ; Schering , however , denies the brand is for sale . 
Perhaps the Halloween season is a good time for Congress to be looking at funding for some ghostbusting equipment . 
There is a simple reason for this : the Cuban people . 
Conversely , there are the majority of unsuccessful schools , and we know which efforts at educational reform are doomed beforehand . 
GM , meanwhile , is hosting a delegation of members of the British Parliament who are touring the auto maker 's headquarter operations in Detroit . 
UAL stock closed at $ 170 a share , down $ 8.375 . 
Mr. Greenspan said the inflation rate , currently about 4 1\/2 % , `` could be brought down to levels which are close to zero without putting the economy into a recession , but I do suspect that there might be some modest loss of economic output . '' 
Mr. Cornell has just completed a study that finds that the risks and returns of junk bonds are less than on common stocks but more than on investment-grade bonds . 
A continuing slide in the pound could force the government to push through another rise in the base rate , currently 15 % . 
Dollar : 141.45 yen , off 1.30 ; 1.8485 marks , off 0.0182 . 
In the industrial-gases segment , operating profit climbed to $ 87 million from $ 58 million . 
The proposed changes also would allow executives to report exercises of options later and less often . 
It sounds like the work of a decade , but the deadline is late 1991 , when Mrs. Thatcher is expected to call another national election . 
FirstSouth 's former chairman and chief executive officer , Howard Weichern , is also charged with conspiring to conceal the agreements with Messrs. Watson and Taylor . 
This is not the case . 
But the agency specifically did n't rule whether AT&T had the right to match offers by competitors if that means giving discounts not generally available to other phone users . 
The contract was first proposed more than two years ago , but shortly afterward , the colony 's markets were hit hard by the October 1987 global stock crash . 
Last month , Mercedes-Benz executives approached state revenue officials complaining about bad press , the commissioner said . 
The company can go about its business . 
The insurers ' relative resilience gave the market time to reappraise the impact of the California disaster on U.K. equities , dealers said . 
But the money is n't peanuts either , particularly for a news program . 
HUD officials said they will make available as many as 100 Bay area houses that are under HUD loans but now are vacant after the houses have been inspected to ensure they are sound . 
`` It just makes it a little rough when you have to worry about the budget . '' 
European politicians were less reluctant to have their governments investigate and harass new religions . ) 
New York City 's revised financial plan , due out later this month , is expected to include measures to balance the city 's $ 27 billion budget . 
Some weeks when her supermarket runs a double-coupon promotion , she boasts that she shaves $ 22 off her bill . 
Foothills Pipe Lines Ltd. filed an application with Canadian regulators to build a 4.4 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 3.74 billion ) pipeline to transport natural gas from Canada 's Arctic to U.S. markets beginning in 
We will go back and forth with a tilt toward slightly lower yields , '' he said . 
`` Our antibody specifically killed infected cells at a very low dose , but it can also kill other cells , '' said Dr. Yonehara . 
North Carolinians , New Yorkers , Californians , Chicagoans and Ohioans own Texas banks . 
The month-to-month rise in the index was the largest since April , Eurostat said . 
The Castle Harlan group includes Walter Sieckman , former chief operating officer of Sharon , and Wolfgang Jansen , former executive vice president . 
Oleg A. Grinevsky , the chief Soviet negotiator in the conventional-arms talks , argued that this would mean the Soviets would have to destroy some 1,800 tanks , while the U.S. would lose none because it has no light tanks in Europe . 
U.S. officials , however , said they are n't buying the Israeli argument . 
Some petroleum futures traders say technical considerations now will help to put downward pressure on futures prices . 
`` But we 're just too nervous . '' 
Dealers attributed most of the day 's gains to market-makers moving prices higher , rather than an outbreak of significant buying interest . 
Indeed , Mr. Corry , at an August press conference , talked about investing in steel as long as it provides a good return and `` not a day longer . '' 
Some Golenbock lawyers wo n't be invited to join Whitman & Ransom , according to partners at both firms . 
M. Anthony Burns , Ryder 's chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` We 're constantly trying to find ways to regain the earnings momentum . 
It came to light that a substantial number of Rockefeller 's faculty were upset over or even opposed to Dr. Baltimore 's impending appointment . 
`` We 're planning on a rip-roaring year in 1989 , but next year we 'll be another story , '' said Robert Freedman , a partner at Simpson Thacher & Bartlett . 
Interest picks up , though , when Mr. Gould gets around to discussing the meaning of the Burgess oddities for the theory of evolution . 
`` The Japanese will come to Mexico , but not immediately , '' says Kazushige Suzuki , director-general of the Japanese External Trade Organization in Mexico . 
In fact , at one point Merry Chase ( Melinda Mullins ) , a cool , carefully coiffed television announcer , recites a list of a dozen or more scandals of recent years , concluding with those affecting the Department of Housing and Urban Development and the savings and loan industry . 
Japanese machinery makers received orders totaling 1.465 trillion yen ( $ 10.33 billion ) in August , up 14 % from a year earlier , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
In over-the-counter trading Monday , the stock closed at $ 10.625 , off 37.5 cents . 
Gasoline margins may rebound this quarter , some industry officials say , but they believe chemical margins could worsen . 
As part of the transaction , Edisto agreed to give Mesa , an Amarillo , Texas , oil and gas partnership managed by T. Boone Pickens Jr. , a seat on its board . 
The politician appearing is highly controversial and has recently generated a good deal of rancor amid certain groups . 
Ford Motor Co. and Japan 's Mazda Motor Corp. have equity interests in Kia . 
December delivery gold fell $ 1.80 an ounce to $ 370.60 . 
`` I hire transportation , and my customers have fresh cold cuts every day . 
The company said third-quarter sales are expected to increase 25 % from $ 3.12 billion of last year 's third quarter . 
`` It will be very expensive , '' the spokesman warned . 
DD Acquisition , jointly owned by Unicorp Canada Corp. 's Kingsbridge Capital Group unit and Cara Operations Ltd. , has made a $ 45-a-share tender offer valued at $ 268 million for Dunkin ' Donuts . 
Walter H. Monteith Jr. , SNET chairman and chief executive officer , said : `` Innovative marketing of our products and services contributed to increase revenue . '' 
The concern 's National Service Division opened a center for emergency service in Walnut Creek as part of its disaster-recovery plan . 
Ultimately , he says , strong demand could help to drive down interest rates on mortgage securities . 
On Tuesday it approved Senator Bob Dole 's proposed commemorative resolution designating April 24 , 1990 , as the `` National Day of Remembrance of the 75th Anniversary of the Armenian Genocide of 1915-1923 , '' suffered at the hands of the warring Ottoman Empire . 
`` Their principal asset is Manville common stock , '' says Jeffrey Halis , who runs Sabre Associates , an investment fund that owns Manville shares . 
The company said its third-quarter earnings will probably be lower than the 16 cents a share it reported last year , despite a rise in the company 's revenue . 
It 's not good ; the market is setting up for another fall . '' 
Since that 1976 ruling , 37 states have reintroduced the death penalty . 
Such high-yield debt is similar to a zero-coupon bond in that it is sold at a discount to face value , with interest accruing instead of being paid to the holder . 
This has been widely dubbed the BART Series , after the local subway line , and the Bay Bridge Series . 
In 1979 , the pair split the company in half , with Walter and his son , Sam , agreeing to operate under the Merksamer Jewelery name . 
However , the group is offering to pay off bondholders in cash only -- $ 260.5 million -- and no equity . 
The other 40 % said the Fed ought to worry less about inflation and bring interest rates down . 
About 1.1 million Class C warrants were issued , the company said . 
Economists and administrators sit along a `` boulevard '' with street lamps and ficus trees . 
Other admen , however , say rates could rise later if ad spending surges . 
This wage inflation is bleeding the NFL dry , the owners contend . 
The arms-kickback scandal is likely to be one of the big talking points in the campaign , but it 's unclear how it is viewed by average Indian voters . 
Chairman D.H. Hibbard said the company has set a new five year goal of doubling revenues to about $ 1.8 billion while steadily increasing net . 
Many officials are also concerned about companies getting a `` free ride '' on government-sponsored research . 
In Big Board composite trading yesterday , Nynex common closed at $ 81.125 , up $ 1.625 . 
The group has been discussing a proposal valued in a range of $ 225 to $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
The interviews took place two years ago . 
The Sunset { District } was more or less like a pajama party all evening , lots of people & dogs walking around , drinking beer . 
Earlier this year , Cordis , a maker of medical devices , agreed to plead guilty to felony and misdemeanor charges related to the pacemakers and to pay the government about $ 5.7 million in fines and other costs . 
This hurts the price of corporate bonds . 
Not so fast , says Rep. Mickey Edwards of Oklahoma , a fellow Republican . 
DeSoto Inc. said it is dismissing 200 employees as part of a restructuring aimed at producing pretax savings of $ 10 million annually . 
Jerome J. Jahn , executive vice president and chief financial officer , said Mr. Rubendall was resigning by `` mutual agreement '' with the board . 
In the experiment , mice with the defective gene were mated . 
Criticism of the Abbie Hoffman segment is particularly scathing among people who knew and loved the man . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 9 % high , 8 13\/16 % low , 8 7\/8 % near closing bid , 8 15\/16 % offered . 
I sell -- a little . 
In the year since the pill went on the French market , the National Organization for Women and its offshoot , former NOW President Eleanor Smeal 's Fund for a Feminist Majority , have been trying to browbeat the U.S. pharmaceutical industry into getting involved . 
Lawrence Insurance Group Inc. said it acquired United Republic Reinsurance Co. , a Houston property and casualty reinsurance company , from United Savings Association of Texas for $ 28 million . 
That means simple , clear rules that secure the first large blocks of reduction , deferring more complex issues such as risk . 
On a comparable store basis , including the new acquisitions for both years , sales for fiscal 1989 were up 1.9 % . 
`` It 's a no-brainer : You do n't have to worry about diversification ; you do n't have to worry about quality , '' says Steven J. Hueglin , executive vice president of the New York bond firm of Gabriele , Hueglin & Cashman Inc . 
Monthly sales of his Egg King machine -- which he now is marketing through a new company -- have sunk to about half a dozen from a peak of 75 , says the 46-year-old businessman . 
Net income rose to $ 97.9 million , or $ 1.15 a share , from $ 50.5 million , or 60 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Despite the progress , Boeing indicated that the work stoppage , now in its 27th day , will have `` a serious adverse impact '' on the current quarter . 
Rising operating expenses are another problem . 
Arkla said its initial offering of 18 % of Arkla Exploration Co. is expected to result in a net gain of about $ 90 million , which will be used to pay down Arkla debt . 
He cut her hair . 
But there is a risk , which the Japanese discovered when they first dipped their toes into the market nearly five years ago . 
Mrs. Thatcher , who was practicing the read-my-lips school of politics years before Mr. Bush encountered it , has made clear her opposition to refashioning Britain 's free-market policies to suit the bureaucrats in Brussels . 
Some of the lawyers say they would continue to represent their clients if the government pays their tab as court-appointed lawyers . 
I.C.H. also named Steven B. Bing , 42 , senior vice president since 1986 , as president , succeeding John W. Gardiner , who will join the HMS Acquisition Corp. division of Hicks , Muse & Co. , which has agreed to buy most of I.C.H. 's Denver-based subsidiaries . 
But airlines say it would be too expensive and cause too many delays if they started using computerized scanners to check tickets at the gate . 
U.S. companies tend to favor suggestions `` that go for the home runs , '' says Gary Floss , vice president of corporate quality at Control Data Corp . 
How can a company be considered `` privatized '' if the state is so heavily represented in it ? 
The dollar began Friday on a firm note , gaining against all major currencies in Tokyo dealings and early European trading despite reports that the Bank of Japan was seen unloading dollars around 142.70 yen . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
Mellon has 36.6 million shares outstanding . 
A year ago , the company completely revamped its near-luxury sedan , the $ 17,699 Maxima , which competes against a broad range of upscale sedans ; it replaced its boxy , pug-nosed body with sleek , aerodynamic lines . 
It is a bureaucratic country . 
Unfortunately , Mr. Bork failed to distinguish between such pressures and the emergence of great issues critical to a society that must be settled judicially if it is to cohere . 
Sanford Kane , U.S. Memories president , said the decision was `` disappointing , '' but does n't presage U.S. Memories ' failure . 
IBM , which made the announcement at the dedication of a research center here , said it invited many other companies to participate as well , including some from Europe . 
Expenses in the quarter dropped 11.2 % to $ 664.3 million from $ 747.7 million a year ago . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held , until it reached a maximum of 35 % after seven years . 
National Intergroup is negotiating for the sale of its 50 % interest in National Steel to concentrate more fully on drug distribution operations . 
The technology sector of the Dow Jones Equity Market Index has risen only about 6.24 % this year , while the Nasdaq Composite Index has gained 18.35 % . 
Armco 's sales representatives visit the General Motors Corp. 's Fairfax assembly plant in Kansas City , Mo. , two or three days a week . 
All rights Reserved . 
Most of us know a sucker . 
Supply troubles were also on the minds of Treasury investors yesterday , who worried about the flood of new government securities coming next week . 
But while IRS computers focus routinely on target groups like these , the agency has assigned many agents to special projects that need more personal attention . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained less than a quarter of a point , or less than $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
Mr. Miller said that Wang has already sold some $ 12 million of miscellaneous assets and disclosed that it had received $ 13 million from Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , in the previously announced sale of its Stirling , Scotland , plant . 
You ca n't rely now solely on consumer spending to sustain the economy on a solid growth path , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist at Mellon Bank in Pittsburgh . 
Dealers said the market was nervous ahead of a special B.A.T holders ' meeting today . 
All drug-consuming countries must jointly decide to combat and punish the consumers and distributors of drugs . 
But I feel that if somebody does n't get up and start talking about this now , the next time around , when we have the next iteration of these programs , it will still be true that everyone is scared to talk about it . 
The one exception to this recent trend was the defeat of 13 of the 52 freshman Republicans brought into office in 1980 by the Reagan revolution and running for re-election in 1982 . 
Microsoft added 2 1\/8 to 81 3\/4 and Oracle Systems rose 1 1\/2 to 23 1\/4 . 
But the truth is that almost everyone , from real-estate agents to city fathers , name-drops ; and a surprising number of people have an ancient uncle who claims he lived next door to the cartoonist who did the Katzenjammer Kids . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.62 % 30 days ; 8.55 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
Among other provisions , the NIH guidelines would prohibit researchers and members of their immediate families from holding stock in any company that is affected by the outcome of their research . 
One of its international specialists , Steve White , took a quick interest in Mr. Stoll 's hunt , ultimately tracing the hacker to West Germany . 
I believe that number reflects a slowing economy . '' 
He says `` blaming futures is like blaming the messenger . '' 
The court set a hearing on the emergency action for Oct. 30 . 
The impact on Japanese insurers and property owners with interests in the San Francisco area is still being assessed , they said . 
But after a few pleasantries , the Soviets unexpectedly got serious . 
`` Newport Beach is known in Rhode Island for having a lot of rich people . '' 
When Aetna adjuster Bill Schaeffer visited a retired couple in Oakland last Thursday , he found them living in a mobile home parked in front of their yard . 
Alpine , which said it does n't plan to further extend the offer , said it received $ 615,000 face amount of debt under the original offer . 
It must be able to handle most of the complaints that can not be solved in the trenches by managers and their subordinates , else the company court or adjudicators will be inundated with cases . 
Since then , Jaguar officials have confirmed that they are discussing an alliance with GM and said last week that they hoped to reach an agreement within a month . 
A good place to start the rehabilitation is a `` legislative line-item veto '' bill now being offered by Indiana Senator Dan Coats . 
Those chips were in dire shortage last year , hurting many U.S. computer companies that could n't get sufficient Japanese-supplied chips . 
Mr. Lee says Mr. Deng told him : `` We should not mind those who participated in demonstrations , signed anti-government materials and went on hunger strikes . '' 
Moreover , sports is hardly the best way to lure adult women . 
A woman who once would have saved for two or three seasons to buy a U.S.-made mink can now get an imported mink right away for less than $ 2,000 . 
`` It has made people think twice about how they use music and is forcing them to be more circumspect about doing a particular rendition of a song in its most famous form , '' he said . 
MINOR MEMOS : 
The Dutch , who had some trading problems because of insufficient computer capacity , say new equipment to solve the problems ought to be installed within a month . 
Instead of Japan 's typical small homes clustered on narrow streets with no sidewalks , the new `` One Hundred Hills '' development will offer 65 houses on half-acre lots . 
Always . 
As she put it in a 1987 lecture at the Harvard Graduate School of Design : `` I have designed a garden , not knowing the difference between a rhododendron and a tulip . '' 
Investment bankers and retailers said the turmoil on Wall Street may benefit managers who plan to bid for U.S. retailing units of the British firm because takeover prices may not be as high as before the recent correction . 
But that does n't mean I 'm not going to get angry . '' 
He bought $ 4 billion in prepositioning ships and $ 7 billion in ammo and equipment to fill them , and parked them at a new $ 6 billion base at Diego Garcia in the middle of the Indian Ocean . 
The oat-bran craze has cost the world 's largest cereal maker market share . 
`` He is going to face a mess , '' says City Council President Andrew Stein . 
Completion of the project is expected by mid-1992 . 
`` But they have n't yet drawn the operational policy conclusions . '' 
The figures are shocking . 
Certain details of the restructured facilities remain to be negotiated . 
In addition to the $ 8 million for Citicorp and Chase , Salomon Brothers is also owed $ 3 million for promising to make a $ 200 million bridge loan . 
The yield rose to 5.38 % . 
Beverly Hills , Calif. -- $ 116,385,000 of refunding certificates of participation ( civic center improvements project ) , due 1990-2004 , 2007 , 2016 and 2019 , tentatively priced by a Goldman , Sachs & Co. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.19 % in 2016 . 
In New York late yesterday , it was at 141.70 yen , up from 141.45 yen late Wednesday . 
General Mills gained 2 1\/4 to 72 7\/8 . 
The Senate is expected to make some modifications today , but both the White House and Congress appear most anxious to speed final approval before tonight 's deadline . 
He can match Jackie Mason with his own Robert `` Sonny '' Carson , an angry street organizer who was convicted of kidnapping in 1974 . 
U.S. diplomacy has done it before , and it will likely do it again . 
Richard Breeden had n't noticed that his new desk had just four telephone lines and one phone . 
Earlier this month , McCaw revised its offer to $ 125 a share for 22 million LIN shares . 
Gen. Michel Aoun rejected the pact because it fails to provide a timetable for a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon . 
Hanshin Electric Railway Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 2 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Nomura International Ltd . 
In the battle to supply desktop computers for researchers and design engineers , most of the attention is given to the biggest competitors : Sun Microsystems Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Digital Equipment Corp. , which make computers mainly aimed at a wide range of engineering and scientific needs . 
It is refreshing to see at least one world figure who knows what she believes in and is not inclined to reflexively compromise those beliefs . 
Abby Cohen , an investment strategist for Drexel Burnham Lambert , also thinks it makes sense to have some money in both utilities and gold . 
`` I do it innately and pathologically , and while it may occasionally get me into trouble , it 's also gotten me access to parties and society , '' he says . 
The pilots had been working on a buy-out bid between $ 225 and $ 240 a share , or $ 5.09 billion to $ 5.42 billion . 
The disabled-workers bill ( quack , quack ) . 
The Treasury Department said S&Ls reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites . 
Industry executives are wishing Mr. Achenbaum well . 
At the moment , Poland resembles 19th-century Pittsburgh more than a modern industrial society -- with antiquated production , inadequate environmental management , and little ecological awareness . 
`` Who knows , '' he says , `` if he heard that soybeans make money today , he might be flying out to Chicago tomorrow . 
Only at the moment of maximum roll did I grasp what was going on . 
This can be thought of as a pessimistic prediction , perhaps driven by the sequestering effects of the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law or possibly a relaxation of tensions with the Soviet Union . 
The noncallable issue , which can be put back to the province in 2001 , was priced at a spread of 41 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
In other words , regulation will occur through inaction and happenstance , rather than through a normal deliberative procedure . 
Decent life in the inner cities wo n't be restored unless the government reclaims the streets from the drug gangs . 
`` The Giants got swamped in the second game , 100 , and trailed 4-1 going into the bottom of the ninth of the third and deciding game . 
Doug Alligood , a black advertising executive who tracks black viewing patterns , gives the Carews an `` A '' for marketing moxie , but is n't alone in his lukewarm reaction . 
Chairman 
`` But we were getting too many complaints that people were using them to eavesdrop on their neighbors . '' 
The company installed a prototype system that connects Dallas with Miami over digital phone lines . 
Is the trouble over ? 
Wafaa El-Sadr , who heads the AIDS program at New York City 's Harlem Hospital Center , ca n't find help . 
He previously was staff director and counsel for the Senate committee on banking , housing and urban affairs . 
He said no discussions currently are taking place between the two companies . 
As expected , Kellogg reported lower third-quarter earnings . 
Late Monday , the Federal Reserve Board said it is delaying approval of First Union Corp. 's proposed $ 849 million acquisition of Florida National Banks pending the outcome of an examination into First Union 's lending practices in low-income heighborhoods . 
The world might want to believe that the Khmer Rouge ca n't still be such bad guys , just as in the late 1970s it was reluctant to credit the reports of genocide then taking place . 
For the nine months , the San Jose , Calif.-based company said net income jumped 84 % to $ 26.9 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 14.6 million , or 43 cents a share . 
Despite Saatchi 's firm stand against selling its ad units , U.S. analysts believe the company may ultimately sell some of the smaller units . 
Mason is the largest toxicology lab in New England , with annual revenue of $ 8 million and 140 employees . 
Finally , Tuesday 's California earthquake initially knocked 3.7 % off B.A.T 's share price in London yesterday because of fears of the potential claims to Los Angeles-based Farmers , which has a substantial portion of its property and casualty exposure in California . 
`` You get a news item , it hits , you have strong redemptions that day and for two days following -- then go back to normal , '' says Mr. Litvack . 
Among its restructuring measures , the company said it plans to sell 53 of its 453 branch offices and to lay off 800 employees . 
`` But think of the money you , the reader , will save on Halloween , '' said Mr. Barnicle . 
Genentech faces competition in the cardiac-drug market from SmithKline Beecham PLC 's heart drug Eminase , expected to receive market approval shortly . 
`` They 're filming right now at the bank down the street , and they want shots of people getting out of cars and kids on skateboards . 
$ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
Since 1984 , in fact , revenues of the 10 largest guard companies , primarily serving such big businesses , have increased by almost 62 % . 
`` I want my dignity back , '' he says . 
Meanwhile , Congress is cutting huge chunks out of the rest of the defense budget . 
Whitman & Ransom managing partner Maged F. Riad said the Golenbock recruits will enhance the firm 's corporate and litigation departments . 
They did themselves even more good . 
The complex bill , introduced by Sens. Patrick Leahy ( D. , Vt. ) , Richard Lugar ( R. , Ind. ) , and Bob Kerrey ( D. , Neb. ) , covers a wide range of provisions that would affect the funding and authority of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and would profoundly change the way the industry is regulated . 
But Mr. Steidtmann predicts that healthy stores hawking mostly apparel could ring up gains of as much as 25 % to 30 % . 
GREAT NORTHERN NEKOOSA is being sought by another big paper company , Georgia-Pacific , for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
Rather , the two closely linked exchanges have been drifting apart for some years , with a nearly five-year-old moratorium on new dual listings , separate and different listing requirements , differing trading and settlement guidelines and diverging national-policy aims . 
Other trips were more productive . 
A federal judge in Manhattan has entered a judgment requiring a Chicago organized crime figure to pay the government $ 250,000 , representing alleged profits he gained from his involvement with the International Brotherhood of Teamsters . 
Fatalities on rural interstates rose 33 % between 1986 and last year , the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said in a report on the impact of the 65 miles-per-hour speed limit on those roads . 
2 ) Congressional representatives have two basic responsibilities while voting in office -- dealing with national issues ( programmatic actions such as casting roll call votes on legislation that imposes costs and\/or confers benefits on the population at large ) and attending to local issues ( constituency service and pork barrel ) . 
Mr. Ehrlich was succeeded as chairman by Gerd Krick , a director of Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern . 
Maybe she could drop by at the Metropolitan Opera and bring along what she forgot , a little charm , a few smidgins of thespian skills and a nice wig . 
That 's worse than the price drop sustained by the bonds in its portfolio , whose total return ( bond-price changes plus interest ) has amounted to a negative 6.08 % . 
Mitsubishi Estate is one of the dozens of companies in today 's Mitsubishi group . 
Food production was ahead 1.7 % from June and 5.3 % from a year earlier . 
The post had been vacant for more than a year . 
First Boston sweetened the terms from the original yield estimate in an apparent effort to place the huge offering . 
`` It 's a whole new generation , '' he said . 
It said Qintex Entertainment owes Qintex Australia US$ 38.1 million in loans not secured by specific assets . 
Questions like that really stir up Marshall 's ghost . 
Orin Kramer , an insurance consultant in New York , estimates that the 1906 San Francisco destruction , on an inflation-adjusted basis , included insured losses of $ 5.8 billion . 
`` The highway system is screwed up '' by the earthquake , Mr. Engelken said . 
K mart runs 2,200 K mart stores , primarily in leased facilities . 
`` They 're the best production talent around , '' says Brian De Palma , beholden to Guber Peters for hiring him to direct the Warner movie of Tom Wolfe 's novel `` Bonfire of the Vanities . '' 
IMA Acquisition , an investor group that includes First Boston and the Pritzker family of Chicago , said Chemical Bank had made arrangements for 23 other banks to provide $ 509 million in bank financing for the buy-out offer . 
Terms of the bank holding companies ' agreement were n't disclosed . 
But an all-out bidding war between the world 's top auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker seems unlikely . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the freight railroad earned $ 83 million , or $ 1.21 a share . 
We know it 's there . 
The drug , called adenocard , returns the heart to a normal rhythm within seconds , according to Lyphomed . 
Those , of course , were the responses of people with something to hide . 
`` You bet attention , '' I yelled back , leaping atop the propane tanks , `` I 'm wearing alligator loafers ! '' 
Revenue increased 20 % to $ 246.6 million from $ 204.8 million . 
Miss Brady is deputy director of the Russian Research Foundation in London . 
Although Exxon spent heavily during the latest quarter to clean up the Alaskan shoreline blackened by its huge oil spill , those expenses as well as the cost of a continuing spill-related program are covered by $ 880 million in charges taken during the first half . 
Investment letters now abound , I really like to read them ; If I peruse enough , I 've found I 've no time left to heed them ! 
On Oct. 29 , 1929 -- a date historians stubbornly insist on associating with the dreaded C-word -- the DJ industrials fell 12.8 % . 
Some funds are posting yields far higher than the average . 
A year earlier , the company had profit from discontinued operations of $ 24.9 million from sale of a pipeline , a refinery and an interest in a second refinery . 
The vast majority of them , however , were wiped out by a succession of environmental upheavals that were too sudden and catastrophic for the normal rules of natural selection to operate . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
According to testimony in a public , 80-page grand-jury report handed up to the state attorney general , Judge O'Kicki extorted cash from lawyers , muscled favorable loans from banks and bullied local businesses for more than a decade . 
A columnist in the Atlanta Journal and Constitution wrote : `` Who did the research for this report ? 
Newell , which declared a 2-for-1 stock split and boosted its quarterly dividend by 14 % , added 7\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
As a result of their illness , the Beebes said , they lost $ 1.8 million in wages and earnings . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Other retailers are also preparing for a ho-hum holiday . 
The issue yields 8.90 % and carries a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from the company . 
`` When the fruit is ripe , it falls from the tree by itself , '' he says . 
Part of the answer lies in the nature of the industry . 
Growing public fears about the Soviet environment is one new factor affecting some joint-venture plans . 
Lack of liquidity can also result from exchange `` reforms . '' 
Discouragement feeds on itself . 
Sen. Dole also said he hoped for unanimous support for a resolution he plans to offer tomorrow denouncing the Nicaraguan leader . 
Pennzoil 's poison pill covers five years in order to give current management enough time to put these proceeds to work in a prudent manner . 
Chrysler will idle a Toledo assembly plant temporarily due to slowing sales of its profitable Jeep Cherokee and Wagoneer sport utility vehicles . 
Salomon Brothers says , `` We believe the real estate properties would trade at a discount ... after the realty unit is spun off ... . 
When used as background in this way , the music has an appropriate eeriness , as when a two-note phrase , a descending minor third , accompanies the seemingly endless litany of reports , interviews and confessions of witnesses in the Morris film . 
Traders said investors were reacting to recent negative news on the city 's finances and are nervous ahead of the Nov. 7 election . 
What 's happening here is n't justified by the fundamentals . '' 
The most popular plays of the day were insurance companies such as General Re Corp. , which rose $ 2.75 to $ 86.50 , Nac Re Corp. , up $ 2 to $ 37.75 , American International Group Inc. , up $ 3.25 to $ 102.625 , and Cigna Corp. , up 87.5 cents to $ 62.50 . 
In a civil suit commenced in state Supreme Court in New York , the agency alleged that the consumer-electronics and appliance discount-retailing chain engaged in deceptive advertising by claiming to have `` lowered every price on every item '' as part of an advertising campaign that began June 1 . 
On Friday , the yield was quoted at about 1\/4 percentage point higher than the benchmark bond , an indication of weak demand . 
Company officials say they are studying various proposals but wo n't discuss details . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from August , according to provisional estimates by the National Statistics Institute . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , DPC Acquisition said it expects it will need about $ 215 million to buy the shares and pay related fees and expenses . 
Expansion plans also include acquisitions in growing foreign markets . 
It requires that `` discharges of pollutants '' into the `` waters of the United States '' be authorized by permits that reflect the effluent limitations developed under section 301 . 
Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York , said the shift reflects Boeing confidence in Mr. Pinick , described by Mr. Rubel as an expert on doing business with the military . 
Loral 's profit from continuing operations for the first six months of fiscal 1990 was $ 36.4 million , or $ 1.44 a share , up 31 % from $ 27.8 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
The G-7 comprises West Germany , the U.S. , France , the U.K. , Italy , Canada and Japan . 
The Packwood plan , as expected , would allow individuals to exclude from income 5 % of the gain from the sale of a capital asset held for more than one year . 
Thus , it remains crucial for RJR to obtain top dollar for its smaller assets like the candy brands . 
But in an interview , Mr. McMaster said he and his investment banker would need access to full financial records before firming up the offer . 
The exploration side of the unit has recently undergone a similar overhaul , during which it also lost as many as 400 employees , a company spokesman said in response to questions . 
`` People have a different reputation country by country . '' 
Boeing posted a 68 % jump in third-quarter earnings , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the continued strike at the aircraft maker . 
Despite renewed interest by the public in such topics as the environment and the Third World , it has n't been able to shake its reputation as a magazine boys like to flip through in search of topless tribe women . 
In a June 5 reaction , the Bankers Trust Co. unit proclaimed the economy `` shockproof . '' 
While no doubt agreeing with Mr. Lawson on everything else , Sir Alan is a dyed-in-the-wool monetarist , inclined to defend floating rates to the death . 
The other is that he 's an Oakland native , and lifted residents ' spirits by his visits to quake-hit areas last week . 
Time Warner and Sony could end up becoming partners in several business ventures as part of a settlement of their dispute over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters . 
Delmed Inc. 's top two officers resigned and were succeeded by executives of Fresenius USA Inc. and its parent , Fresenius AG , a major Delmed holder that has been negotiating to acquire a controlling stake . 
The report of the bankruptcy filing stunned Hollywood executives and investors . 
With 65 % of its sales coming from mountain bikes , Specialized is widely considered to be a market leader . 
From Asia , he has mink jackets with floral patterns made by using different colored furs . 
Futures prices declined . 
Almost $ 8 billion of junk bonds that are considered untradeable include issues from SCI TV , Gillette Holdings ( not related to Gillette Co. ) , Interco , Seaman Furniture , Allied Stores , Federated Department Stores , National Gypsum , M.D.C. Holdings , Micropolis , Leaseway Transportation and Price Communications . 
The university implied that it would drop its opposition to foreign ownership if Ciba-Geigy and Chiron are successful with their lower bid . 
It puts great strain on a longstanding U.S. friendship with Turkey , a country that has been one of America 's strongest allies in NATO . 
The Comex accused the 39-year-old Mr. Semel of `` fraudulent conduct '' and improper trading . 
-- Len Elliott . 
In 1988 , 18 months after the sixth congress formally endorsed family-run private enterprise , district authorities allowed Mr. Chan to resume work . 
Some competing forest-products firms have recently reported improved results due to strong pulp and paper business . 
Unfortunately , the comment was buried in another article , so it could not stand out in an education context . 
Wessels & Pautsch , a small St. Charles law firm , plans to mail 500 customers a list of its lawyers ' new phone and fax numbers as well as updated Rolodex cards . 
The stress study was undertaken because problems related to stress `` are much more prevalent than they seem , '' said Leon J. Warshaw , executive director of the business group . 
The high court 's decision , expected next spring , may affect the stability of many large corporate pension plans that have relied on the availability of pension insurance provided by the federal pension regulatory and insurance agency . 
Boston Co. officials declined to comment on Moody 's action or on the unit 's financial performance this year -- except to deny a published report that outside accountants had discovered evidence of significant accounting errors in the first three quarters ' results . 
The expansion is aimed not just at meeting demand but also at expanding the company 's market share to 30 % from 27 % currently . 
The federal government should make free , voluntary testing for the AIDS virus the cornerstone of an expanded campaign to stop the spread of acquired immune deficiency syndrome , the Hudson Institute recommended . 
That is n't 51 % , and the claim is n't documented . 
Mason serves commercial and government customers , including the National Institutes of Health . 
With a Twist of the Wrist Boys with tops , and Frisbee tossers , And P.R. types with bees in their bonnet , Have a goal in common , all of them try To put the right spin on it . 
a - Ex-dividend . 
The Lloyd 's market actively underwrites insurance just 4 1\/2 hours a day , brokers say . 
Maryland Stadium Authority -- $ 137.6 million of sports facilities lease revenue bonds , Series 1989 D , due 1992-1999 , 2004 , 2009 and 2019 , tentatively priced at par by a Morgan Stanley group to yield from 6.35 % in 1992 to 7.60 % in 2019 . 
The tax increase -- on top of the current six-cent per dollar sales tax -- would become effective this Dec. 1 and expire Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
As a result , the volume of Banco Exterior 's export credit portfolio plunged from 824 billion pesatas ( $ 7.04 billion ) as of Dec. 31 , 1986 , to its current 522 billion pesetas . 
This month , Federal 's 2,048 pilots , including some 961 acquired along with Tiger International Inc. in February , will decide whether to elect the powerful Air Line Pilots Association as their bargaining agent . 
It does n't give any particular group the ability to veto change . '' 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Refcorp was created to help fund the thrift bailout . 
Security Pacific Corp. has set its sights on buying its second bank holding company this year . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Norfolk Southern shares closed at $ 37.875 , up $ 1.125 . 
The notion that tracking is somehow `` undemocratic '' is absurd . 
The June killings magnified the problems . 
There is no effective regulation of planners , no accepted standard for admission into their ranks -- a dog got into one trade group -- no way to assess their performance , no way even to know how many of them there are ( estimates range from 60,000 to 450,000 ) . 
`` Self-sufficiency has to be the cornerstone of your plan , '' says Stephanie Masaki-Schatz , manager of corporate emergency planning at Atlantic Richfield Co. in Los Angeles . 
A half-hour later , the woman is smiling and chatting ; the demon seems to have gone . 
General Motors , for example , uses metric terms for its automobile bodies and power trains . 
Almost all capital-improvement programs announced by major steelmakers within the past year involve building electrogalvanizing lines , used to produce steel for such products as household appliances and car doors . 
Breweries attracted investors because of their land property holdings that could figure in development or other plans , traders said . 
The award exercises a Navy option to extend a contract given in 1984 . 
It is Mr. Paul 's art venture , however , that has drawn the most attention from investors and regulators , not to mention galleries throughout the world . 
Nicholas Hall , the president of the Colnaghi U.S.A. Ltd. gallery in New York , sold Mr. Paul `` Abraham and Sarah in the Wilderness '' by Giovanni Battista Tiepolo . 
The chief economist of Merrill Lynch & Co. finds himself in such a position as he buzzes the Midwest on his first road trip since backpedaling on a major prediction . 
On Friday , when only a dozen common stocks hit 52-week highs on the New York Stock Exchange , five were gold-mining issues , and another four were utilities . 
Yesterday , Sen. Packwood acknowledged , `` We do n't have the votes for cloture today . '' 
Immunex Corp. said its scientists isolated a molecule which may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune-system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma . 
The garage owners say they would benefit because car owners would be less likely to go back to dealers for the simpler repairs after two years . 
On Monday , the company , a provider of environmental consulting services , reported a wider fiscal fourth-quarter loss and predicted a loss for its fiscal 1990 first quarter , but said a profit is expected for all of fiscal 1990 . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Stocks retreated to session lows just after the opening amid worries about the market impact of the quake , but quickly snapped back to higher levels with the help of futures-related program buying . 
`` It 's a vicious circle , '' says Art Modell , owner of the Cleveland Browns . 
But in May , the Chicago Merc said it was looking into creating a common system with the Chicago Board of Trade , and it suspended negotiations with the New York Merc . 
Mr. Lombardo , the last of the defendants to settle the suit , agreed to pay the government the $ 250,000 within one week . 
The lawyers are now in charge of our national security . 
Capital Cities-ABC surged 42 5\/8 to 560 . 
TW is the largest franchisee of Hardee 's , a fast-food restaurant , and operates several other food chains . 
In addition , local banks say the new contract is important in helping them offset their Hong Kong-dollar exposure . 
`` The interpretation '' of the executive order , Mr. Stoltz said , `` and the way in which the various committees have over time interpreted it , has led in my view to a proper caution on the part of operators , including me . '' 
Toyota Motor Corp. grandly touted its system in a car that splits in half to reveal the suspension 's inner workings . 
Most market participants said they were looking to this week 's inventory statistics from the American Petroleum Institute to give the market some direction . 
Sir Richard Butler , 60-year-old chairman of Agricola ( U.K . ) Ltd. , was named chairman of County NatWest Investment Management Ltd. , the investment management subsidiary of County NatWest Ltd. , the investment banking arm of this British bank . 
It has also rattled Federal 's strongly anti-union management , which is already contending with melding far-flung operations and with falling profits . 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134.8 million of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , due 1992-2000 , 2009 and 2016 , through a Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. group . 
The Communists nearly succeeded in eliminating prostitution after taking over in 1949 , but the practice has returned in recent years with the country 's increased exposure to the outside world . 
LTV Steel Co. is boosting the prices of flat rolled steel products by an average of 3 % following a recent erosion in the prices of such crucial steel products . 
They include 122,700 shares bought Friday for between $ 47.125 and $ 48 each . 
The latest month 's figures show that imports of steel from European Community nations fell to 466,000 tons from 481,000 a month earlier , while imports from Japan rose to 323,000 tons from 288,000 in July . 
If you think you have stress-related problems on the job , there 's good news and bad news . 
The Santa Fe Pacific spokesman declined to comment on that aspect , saying the deal was still under negotiation . 
Richard Bruno , head of OTC trading at PaineWebber , said the OTC market has a habit of lagging big moves on the New York Stock Exchange . 
If I am catching your attention , then read a bold and informative article in this September 's issue of Science by Ethan Nadelmann on this subject . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. said that a $ 150 million senior subordinated discount debenture issue by R.P. Scherer Drugs is expected by the end of the month . 
They trotted out another crop of instant commercials after the sudden market dip a few weeks ago . 
Most of last week 's surge in the industrial average came on Monday , when the average rose 88.12 points as market players snapped up blue-chip issues and shunned the broad market . 
Armed with this shared understanding and requisite background information , each department developed its specialized contribution to the proposal , submitting data and cost estimates on a closely managed schedule . 
`` What you 're really asking is , Are the profit and loss margins anticipated on the events acceptable to management ? '' he says . 
Mr. Little said more than 20 people have been convicted in the Wedtech cases , including former U.S. Rep. Mario Biaggi ( D. , N.Y . ) . 
Bob Chandross , chief economist at Lloyds Bank in New York , also noted that the pound 's sharp decline is pegged more to uncertainty in the market than a vision of altered United Kingdom economic policies . 
The pound likely will fall in coming days and may trade as low as 2.60 marks within the next year , says Nigel Rendell , an international economist at James Capel & Co. in London . 
`` We write straight for women on their level , '' he said . 
A quarter of a million people cross the Bay Bridge every day , far more than the 100,000 that use the Bay Area Rapid Transit system ( BART ) -- which was working but was n't stopping in the city 's Financial District yesterday afternoon because electricity was shut off and the area was being checked for gas leaks . 
Allianz also holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance subsidiary , one of France 's largest insurance groups , which it bought for about 6.5 billion francs just before Paribas launched its bid . 
`` The major banks have n't even reacted to sharp rises in the three-month Treasury bill rates '' in the past two weeks . 
Should they be required to pay claims based on exorbitant costs for labor and materials ? 
Speaking of dark nights , the Met 's next-door neighbor , the New York City Opera , has canceled its season after failing to reach a settlement with its musicians , who wanted pay parity with the the Chicago Lyric and San Francisco Opera orchestras . 
Mr. Glass has inverted the famous modernist dictum `` less is more . '' 
Another is expected from a consortium of oil and gas producers who won conditional approval this month from Canada 's National Energy Board to export about 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta gas to the U.S. starting in 1996 . 
And taxpayer groups are urging legislation in many other states . 
It requires financial planners to register with states , pass competency tests and reveal to customers any conflicts of interest . 
Overall , his investments so far this year are showing gains of about 20 % , he adds . 
`` I think it will shake confidence one more time , and a lot of this business is based on client confidence . '' 
Revenue rose only 3.3 % in the latest period , to $ 1.53 billion from $ 1.48 billion . 
Despite the big increases in health-care costs , wages still account for a far greater share of overall labor costs . 
The following shows the number of times these industries outperformed the Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index during the first six months of the past seven recessions . 
This seems to be the season for revivals in Chicago . 
Though CBS might move up to No. 2 in household ratings , most advertisers buy based on ratings for women aged 18 to 49 . 
( Remember the Dalkon Shield and the early birth-control pills ? ) 
Like Peter Sellars , Ms. Bogart manipulates her actors as if they were rag dolls , sprawling them on staircases , dangling them off tables , even hanging them from precipices while having them perform some gymnastic feats of derring-do . 
Of that amount , $ 20 million was payment for the land underneath the building and the rest was for the building itself . 
MGM Grand has agreed to buy a 117-acre site for the resort for $ 93 million in cash plus stock currently valued at nearly $ 30 million . 
In 1986 , Mr. Roderick adroitly dodged Mr. Icahn 's first bullet after the takeover specialist had built up an 11.4 % stake . 
Its U.S. sales sagged , partly because of price increases due to the rising yen . 
United Parcel Service , Greenwich , Conn. , said its operations in the San Francisco area have been reduced to 40 % of normal . 
He allegedly entered into Panama 's first formal business arrangement with Colombian drug bosses , according to Floyd Carlton , a pilot who once worked for Mr. Noriega and who testified before the U.S. grand jury in Miami that would ultimately indict the Panamanian on drug charges . 
But Mr. Greenberg 's sanguine outlook is n't matched by many fast-food industry observers . 
Previously , patent cases moved through the court system to one of the 12 circuit appeals courts . 
On the way to that goal , she received her first U.S. paycheck for proofreading a book of Polish poetry , attended secretarial school , then went to work for a fund-raising organization . 
Mr. Taylor , 45 years old , succeeds Robert D. Kilpatrick , 64 , who is retiring , as reported earlier . 
Ms. Atkins , whose Lloyd 's membership was a bonus from a former employer in 1981 , belongs to Mr. Nutting 's dissident group on the Outhwaite syndicate , which has been hard hit by asbestos reinsurance claims . 
There are six video rental shops , three restaurants , one cinema and 34 sports and recreation clubs for everything from cricket to lawn bowling . 
Four tubular steel `` Bedfellows , '' each roughly in the shape of a `` W , '' are attached to the bottom of the box spring in a recessed position ... . 
It can be hoped that Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez will draw the right conclusion from his narrow election victory Sunday . 
`` Personal Computer '' yearbooks are lined up on nearly every desk , and dog-eared copies of Nikkei Computer crowd magazine racks . 
This month 's Friday-the-13th market plunge spurred by UAL news was n't as bad for the Jacobson specialists as yesterday 's action . 
The union sued the state in November 1985 , alleging that it intentionally segregated job classifications by sex and paid employees in predominantly female jobs less than males in comparable jobs . 
The Arizona banking concern is facing difficulties related to weakness in the real estate market in the state . 
The Fed chairman 's caution was apparent again on the Monday morning after the market 's plunge , when the central bank took only modest steps to aid the markets . 
`` One of the stories of the fourth quarter is that we will get an unusual number of earnings disappointments from companies sensitive to the economy , '' says Mr. Boesel of T. Rowe Price . 
`` It 's a quiet retreat , '' said Mr. Howley . 
His successor approved the $ 1 price in the process of clearing the backed-up papers on his desk . 
For the first eight months of 1989 , analysts say shipments of hot-dipped galvanized steel increased about 8 % from a year earlier , while overall steel shipments were up only 2.4 % . 
`` We 'd be reluctant to accept 50-50 ownership in a manufacturing company . 
Subsequent margins set by agreement between NatWest and Merrill . 
On the U.S. over-the-counter market , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts rose 12.5 cents to $ 11.125 . 
The bid created such a furor that Fujitsu said it is now offering to withdraw from the project . 
Their opposition helped scare off some Japanese banks . 
In a letter to investors , Chairman Edward S. Finkelstein wrote that he expects the company to `` benefit from some of the disruption faced by our competitors . 
But a Commerce Department analyst said that in both months orders would have risen had it not been for a drop in civilian aircraft bookings , a category that is showing declines only after a huge surge earlier this year . 
Sometimes they are constructive , but often not . 
But LDP members and supporters of the prepaid card idea tend to speak in innuendo about the JSP 's alleged donations , implying that North Korean money would be more suspect than South Korean because North Korea is communist and South Korea is an ally . 
Developers are also eyeing the real estate portfolios of major corporations . 
Under the circumstances , it wo n't be easy for GM to exceed its record 1988 fourth-quarter net of $ 1.4 billion , the spokesman acknowledged . 
Jewelry makers rarely pay commissions and are n't expected to anytime soon . 
The 1989 Series , disrupted by a devastating earthquake and diminished in national interest because both teams came from the San Francisco Bay area , is likely to end up as the lowest-rated Series of this decade and probably since the event has been broadcast . 
Revenue in the latest quarter fell 17 % to $ 44 million from $ 53.2 million , the company said , reflecting poor utilization of the company 's facilities and its behavioral medicine contracts . 
Mr. Pope owns 10,000 UAL shares and has options to buy another 150,000 at $ 69 each . 
Put these together , and you get programs about rape . 
Americans did n't dislike metrics ; they simply ignored them . 
However , the lower prices these retail chains are now expected to bring should make it easier for managers to raise the necessary capital and pay back the resulting debt . 
The White House has decided to seek changes in pesticide law that are aimed at speeding the removal of harmful chemicals from the food supply . 
In the period just ended , computers accounted for 44 % of total sales , NEC said , and electrical devices made up 23 % . 
He talked about it in every speech he made as he roamed the country promoting his books , which dispense handy how-to advice on using government information for fun and profit . 
As for the ride back to camp , our pilot and all the other French-speaking passengers clambered into the chase car . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled more than 60 points after the report 's release , before recovering to close 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
Analyst James Weil of the Soundview Financial Group believes Dell 's response has been to place increased emphasis on product quality , `` in an effort to rise above some of that price pressure . '' 
The Stick did n't fall . 
Meharry Medical College in Nashville , Tenn. , launches a new research publication in the spring : the Journal on Health Care for the Poor and Underserved . 
He expects the market to sink further and to reach a low sometime next month or in December . 
The book is patronizing about this nouveau riche struggle for respectability , which has its tawdry aspects . 
`` Nobody 's been perfect in their credit judgments the past couple years , and we 're going to make sure our default rates are going to be in the acceptable parameters of the market . '' 
Interlake Corp. , proposed offering of $ 200 million of senior subordinated debentures , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Its shares closed at $ 5.125 each in composite New York Stock Exchange trading , down 37.5 cents . 
On average in the latest nine months , company-operated units in the U.S. had $ 90,552 more in sales than did franchised outlets . 
The company said that the number of access lines dropped slightly in the quarter , a decline attributed to seasonal fluctuations . 
Mr. Crandall said the company 's current decline in earnings is exactly the kind of situation that an excessively leveraged company laden with debt from a takeover would find difficult to weather . 
James Earl Jones and Mario Van Peebles carry out a bitter intergenerational dialogue between two black men . 
PAPERS : 
The ad is part of Classic Coke 's 1990 ad campaign , with the tag line , `` Ca n't beat the Real Thing . '' 
Further , he said , an internal reorganization to combine several divisions into the Information Technology Group is expected to affect fourth-quarter results by an undisclosed amount . 
Zaita the `` cripple-maker '' rearranges the limbs of aspiring beggars -- and takes a cut of every cent they cadge . 
Now Mr. Bush will come to Costa Rica and encounter Nicaraguan strongman Daniel Ortega , eager for photo opportunities with the U.S. president . 
They have sold issues backed by car loans , boat loans and recreational-vehicle loans . 
The internal investigation also criticized MiniScribe 's auditors , Coopers & Lybrand , for allegedly ignoring numerous red flags . 
That 's geologically correct , but a trifle unfair otherwise . 
Ladislav Adamec , ending a two-day visit to Austria , pledged changes in Czechoslovakia , including freer travel to the West . 
Some U.S. allies are complaining that President Bush is pushing conventional-arms talks too quickly , creating a risk that negotiators will make errors that could affect the security of Western Europe for years . 
The Federal Reserve said its studies in recent years , which adjust for income differences and other variables , showed that blacks received fewer home mortgages from banks and thrifts than whites . 
With average maturities of a month or so , money funds offer fixed share prices and floating returns that track market interest rates , with a slight lag . 
The Moloch that knows no God but more ? '' 
International Business Machines Corp. made news this summer when it landed an unusual contract to manage all of Eastman Kodak Co. 's data-processing needs . 
She said the market hit the $ 1.18 level at around 10 a.m. EDT where it encountered a large number of stop-loss orders . 
B.A.T said it purchased 2.5 million shares at 785 . 
But they must also assign a price to each of these items as well as to floors , wallcoverings , roofing and siding , to come up with a total value for a house . 
The tension mounted as Ralph Branca , again on the mound , stared down the batter . 
Apple earned $ 161.1 million , or $ 1.24 a share , in the quarter , including $ 48 million from the sale of its Adobe Systems stock . 
At about 10:40 a.m. EDT , several big buy orders hit the S&P pit simultaneously , lifting the futures up out of the trading limit and eventually into ranges that caused computer-driven program buying of stocks . 
Ciba-Geigy and Chiron have made a joint bid of C$ 866 million for Connaught , and Institut Merieux S.A. of France has made a rival bid of C$ 942 million . 
In addition to not needing an outside power source , they are potentially cheaper to make because they require fewer manufacturing steps than conventional chips . 
Besides creating a vehicle for investors , money market funds also helped rewrite banking regulations . 
Similarly , visual images will be more vivid , sensational and , sometimes , gruesome . 
Police say the robberies are usually pulled off by two to five men , who walk into the agencies near closing or lunch time , when few employees are there . 
The departures , said Alice Ruth , an analyst at Montgomery Securities in San Francisco , should enable the company to focus on business issues instead of management differences . 
News programs , particularly if they score well in the ratings , appeal to the networks ' cost-conscious corporate parents because they are so much less expensive to produce than an entertainment show is -- somewhere between $ 400,000 and $ 500,000 for a one-hour program . 
There may be a few cases where the law breaking is well pinpointed and so completely non-invasive of the rights of others that it is difficult to criticize it . 
Some companies are confident that they 're prepared . 
Analysts said Hachette 's earnings in the second half might be boosted by a capital gain from the sale of the Paris headquarters of a newspaper-delivery company that is 49 % owned by Hachette . 
`` This is a dynamic process and we 're experiencing the first step , '' the Bonn official adds . 
But nonetheless U.S. companies might be more successful in European markets if not for the German export push , he said . 
State officials could n't be reached for comment late yesterday . 
As stocks rose , in fact , some investors changed course and reversed their sell orders . 
But analysts say Sears faces an especially daunting challenge on the eve of the Christmas shopping season . 
These managers held 9.8 % of assets in cash at the end of September , down from 10.2 % in August and 10.6 % in September 1988 . 
Integrated also said it expects to report a second-quarter loss wider than the earlier estimate of about $ 600 million . 
Although management led a leveraged buy-out of R.H. Macy in July 1986 , the company still makes financial filings because of its publicly traded debt . 
Possible bidders include Christopher Ondaatje , a Toronto financier and vice chairman of Hees International Bancorp Inc. , a holding company controlled by Toronto 's Bronfman family . 
In a free market , his insurance rates can be raised to recover insurance-company losses . 
Those massive structures , while posing cost and environmental headaches , effectively locked out all but deep-pocketed giants from steelmaking . 
`` What they are telling you is that they do n't have the ability to generate higher returns internally , '' says Mr. Sloan . 
Today the Treasury will announce the size of its next two-year note sale and Resolution Funding Corp. will announce details of its first bond offering . 
Under the plan , the companies will use Calgene 's patented technology to encapsulate microbes such as Bacillus subtilis , a bacterium , to enhance their biological activity against plant diseases . 
A case in point : `` government-plus '' bond funds . 
Supporting prices was the announcement late Friday of additional grain sales to the Soviet Union . 
`` We desperately wanted the contract because we want experience in the field , '' the Fujitsu spokeswoman said . 
And Oranjemund boasts attractions besides diamonds . 
It 's unfortunate so many must learn the hard way . 
The complexities of the insurance problem make the outcome difficult to predict . 
Re-enactments have been used successfully for several seasons on such syndicated `` tabloid TV '' shows as `` A Current Affair , '' which is produced by the Fox Broadcasting Co. unit of Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
But under Jerry Perry 's direction the current Steppenwolf production , scheduled to play through Nov. 19 , breaks through the flat and boring ritual that `` The Homecoming '' had become . 
Concern about declines in other markets , especially New York , caused selling pressure . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Lyondell was unchanged at $ 18.50 a share . 
Ford has acquired more than 13 % of Jaguar 's shares , and GM has received U.S. regulatory clearance to buy 15 % . 
It controls about 35 % of the affluent Marin County market across the Golden Gate bridge from San Francisco . 
Separately , investor Marvin Davis withdrew his backup $ 300-a-share takeover offer . 
`` I 'll stay with BART , '' said one secretary , swallowing her fears about using the transbay tube . 
In her first televised interview following Mr. Lawson 's resignation , Mrs. Thatcher reiterated her desire to keep sterling strong and warned again that full entry into the European Monetary System 's exchange rate mechanism would provide no easy solution to Britain 's economic troubles . 
And Ms. Pfeiffer 's particular version of `` Making Whoopee '' -- and the way Mr. Ballhaus photographs her , from the tips of her red high heels right up her clingy red velvet dress -- might make you think of Marilyn Monroe if Ms. Pfeiffer had n't gone and become a star in her own right . 
Digital is expected to tag its new line from about $ 1.24 million to $ 4.4 million and up , depending on configuration . 
Consultants have said that it will take a while for all the pieces of the IBM strategy to fall into place , even though the specific products IBM unveiled will generally be available by the end of the first quarter . 
But tonight 's offering , `` Settle the Score '' ( 9-11 p.m. EST , on NBC ) , does n't even try . 
Mr. Robertson was also removed from the board of First National Bank of New Jersey-Salem County , another unit , and the Toms River bank . 
Investors and professionals alike would compete on the level playing field Congress sought and called a `` national market system '' ( not yet achieved ) almost 15 years ago when it passed the Securities Reform Act of 1975 . 
Operating profit in the company 's abrasives segment rose 16 % while operating profit in the engineering materials segment rose 2 % . 
Are those declines enough to signal a partial return to stocks ? 
Eight admissions representatives at two of Wilfred 's former Massachusetts schools previously pleaded guilty to charges of aiding , abetting and counseling students to submit false financial-aid applications . 
Scot MacInnis , a masseur in Boulder , Colo. , had a scary experience while massaging a man in a natural-foods supermarket as part of a store promotion . 
She declined to identify other bidders but said Mr. Drabinsky 's offer `` is all cash , and it 's for all of the company . '' 
Instead , the GAO and the Congressional Budget Office said , the RTC should consider using Treasury debt , which is less expensive and subject to oversight by Congress . 
With $ 150 billion of CDs maturing this month , a lot of people have been scouring the financial landscape for just such an investment . 
This means that the maximum yearly Social Security tax paid by workers and employers each will rise $ 250.80 next year to $ 3,855.60 . 
Central figures -- such as Richard Nixon -- usually fare better than those with supporting roles . 
Mr. Teagan cites a list of substitutes but none , so far , match the nonflammable , nontoxic CFCs . 
There was no reversal { of that trend } between 1987 and 1988 . '' 
Instead of banning such shopping , the confederation proposed amending controls to be sure the privilege is n't abused ... . 
But the Beebes did n't come to that conclusion until time limits had elapsed for adding the adhesives maker as a defendant in the case , Ms. Adams said . 
We 're happy , we guess , to receive confirmation of the Krasnoyarsk violation from the Soviets , five years after we started writing about it . 
Says Mr. Roberti : `` We want to turn the customer on . 
One especially coveted Specialized market the new players are targeting is mountain-bike accessories , which Mr. Eidsmo calls `` the future of our business . '' 
For the first nine months of the year , Norwood said the average fund has lost 3.3 % . 
The issue includes current interest bonds due 1991-2000 , 2009 , 2012 , 2014 and 2016 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2001-2005 . 
Jack Byrne , the chairman of Fireman 's Fund Corp. , which is based in Novato , Calif. , estimates insured losses resulting the earthquake could total $ 2 billion . 
Personal space ( Figure 3 ) has grown 35 % annually over the course of the decade , a performance that would compare positively with an investment in , say , synthetic-leather products for the interiors of cold-weather vehicles , which my cousin got into and sort of regrets to this day . 
Quickview Systems Inc. said it filed a lawsuit against Apple Computer Inc. , claiming patent infringement in an element of Apple 's popular HyperCard software program . 
The sweeping measure incorporates $ 500 million in small-business loans , $ 1 billion in highway-construction funds and $ 1.25 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
But in California , says Craig Ito , a Fuji-apple grower , `` There 's a Fuji apple cult . 
`` I was doing the laundry and nearly broke my neck running upstairs to see who was there , and it was nobody , '' she says , eyes wide at the recollection . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate rose to 8.0087 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 7.962 % at last week 's sale . 
Friday 's 44-cent-a-barrel price drop to $ 19.98 in the expiring November contract for West Texas Intermediate crude may well set the tone for trading this week in petroleum futures on the New York Mercantile Exchange . 
Opinions vary about how important the UAL deal was to the market 's health , but analysts generally agree that the market gyrations created as the UAL plan crumbled revealed a fundamental change in investor psychology . 
Many Atlantans thought Pittsburgh was an unworthy heir . 
The President of the United States urged the Panamanian armed forces to move against Mr. Noriega . 
The Justice Department has emphasized that the government 's fee-forfeiture power is to be used sparingly . 
He would n't elaborate . 
One reason futures are said to add volatility is that -- unlike in stocks -- people can speculate in futures with little money down . 
The recently released leaders sat high atop a podium in one section of the stadium stands . 
American General Finance Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8.45 % notes due Oct. 15 , 2009 , through Bear , Stearns & Co. , being offered at a price of 99.661 to yield 8.50 % . 
All their utterances are vague . '' 
Then , two days before receiving an endorsement from environmental groups , Mr. Dinkins promised he would issue a three-year moratorium on construction of garbage-incinerator plants . 
On two occasions the inflation rate rose to more than 10 % a year . 
Third and most important , Amex would charge me a far higher premium than other reputable companies would on a straight term policy for the same amount ; I 'd be paying so heavily just to have the option of getting my premiums back that I 'd almost have to cancel to make the whole thing worthwhile . 
People did n't believe we were in tune with the marketplace , and in many ways we were n't . '' 
After 25 years in city politics , David Dinkins remains an enigma . 
On his off-hours he wears cardigan sweaters . 
In his statement , Mr. Wolf said , `` We continue to believe our approach is sound , and that it is far better for all employees than the alternative of having an outsider own the company with employees paying for it just the same . '' 
He furthermore denies that he relied too heavily on Sotheby 's or Mr. Wachter . 
A 14 % inflation rate dropped below 5 % . 
Despite all the formal provisions for its independence , the Fed seems constantly to feel that if it uses its independence too freely it will lose it . 
Not many people know the details of Mr. Morishita 's business , but it 's a source of rumors about shady dealings . 
People got rich through takeovers in those days , as they do today . '' 
In the past , not only would reputable professionals have rushed to check out such rumors with the company , but companies listed on the major stock exchanges were encouraged by the exchanges to respond openly to such inquiries from securities analysts . 
Mr. Dinkins also has failed to allay Jewish voters ' fears about his association with the Rev. Jesse Jackson , despite the fact that few local non-Jewish politicians have been as vocal for Jewish causes in the past 20 years as Mr. Dinkins has . 
Its cash and liquid securities fell by $ 338 million in the first six months of 1989 . 
The scientists say that since breast cancer often strikes multiple members of certain families , the gene , when inherited in a damaged form , may predispose women to the cancer . 
Rep. Garcia , on trial for bribery and extortion , puts statements in the Congressional Record attributing missed votes to `` scheduling conflicts . '' ... 
Newport Beach telemarketers concentrate on precious metals and oil-leasing deals that typically cost thousands of dollars a shot . 
The fact that the agency will now be part of a U.K. company , under British accounting rules , will also make the profit picture look better . 
Perhaps Mr. Gates would emphasize more than Mr. Baker the many hurdles the Soviet leader must leap if he is going to succeed . 
Speaking to reporters this week after Bank Bumiputra 's shareholders approved a rescue plan , Tan Sri Basir said heavy lending to the property sector rocked the bank when property prices in Malaysia plummeted in 1984-85 . 
Other favorites of growth-stock analysts and money managers also had a mixed session . 
In that decision , the high court said a company must prove that the government approved precise specifications for the contract , that those specifications were met and that the government was warned of any dangers in use of the equipment . 
But the sponsors have an explanation : `` Through the character associated with a snail , '' they say , `` important values such as harmony with nature and aspirations for the future are sought . '' 
Business : Luxury cars 
The market 's attention is especially focused on a preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product , due out Thursday , which could show the economy is continuing to expand at a relatively brisk pace . 
But there is no solid evidence that the Khmer Rouge have changed . 
Trinity Rep meanwhile is one of the nation 's oldest and most respected regional theaters , still hosting an annual `` A Christmas Carol . '' 
The March contract ended at 13.79 cents a pound , down 0.37 cent . 
This British banking and financial-services group 's investment-banking arm , Barclays de Zoete Wedd Group , announced the following appointments at its merchant-banking subsidiary Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
The number of outstanding contracts in the October Major Market Index jumped from 5,273 on Friday to 9,023 on Monday . 
The medical devices maker 's earnings rose nearly 35 % in 1987 from 1986 , and 75 % in 1988 . 
Industrial output fell 0.1 % in September , the latest sign manufacturing is slowing . 
Indeed , that happened to some extent yesterday , as industrial stocks rebounded , partly on news of takeovers in the paper industry . 
Weisfield 's surged 14 to 53 after agreeing in principle to be acquired by a unit of Ratners Group for $ 50 a share . 
`` You want to know how a fund did when the market got hammered , '' said Kurt Brouwer , an investment adviser with Brouwer & Janachowski in San Francisco . 
The appeals court also said , `` We think an ordinary businessman reading this policy would have believed himself covered for the demands and potential damage claims '' stemming from any cleanup . 
Nasdaq 's gain was led by its biggest industrial stocks . 
Birtcher , a maker of electronic medical equipment , said the transaction is expected to close on or before Nov. 30 . 
`` No one is willing to place a firm bet that the stock market wo n't take another tumultuous ride . '' 
Schering-Plough 
Contrary to widespread belief , Mussolini failed to live up to his promise to make the trains run on time ; it is doubtful whether Soviet-style corporatism will make Soviet trains run on time , or fill the shops with goods that the consumers so desperately crave . 
Executives at Time Inc . Magazine Co. , a subsidiary of Time Warner , have said the joint venture with Mr. Lang was n't a good one . 
A Nissan spokesman attributed the increase to the use of incentives this year and not a year ago and to higher fleet sales . 
`` They ca n't help talking about the big important people they know , even if they do n't really know them , '' says Dr. Freudenberger . 
The proposals go far beyond the current and rather confused policies of perestroika , Mikhail Gorbachev 's restructuring of the economy . 
With the gyrations of recent days , says Hugo Quackenbush , senior vice president at Charles Schwab , many small investors are absolutely convinced that `` they should n't play in the stock market . '' 
Qintex Australia also said it has an investment of A$ 83.3 million in Qintex Entertainment shares . 
Suburban deals are not without their delays and complications -- inner-city deals just have more of them . 
Embittered shareholders ( some of whom are suing ) say the chairman and his collection epitomize the excesses of speculation that set off the national S&L crisis . 
Communications Director 
When they did , his commanders did n't have the initiative to do more than block a couple of roads . 
The company , for its part , maintains that many of the disputed documents are privileged attorney-client communications that should n't be turned over to prosecutors . 
Honeywell said a second sale of Yamatake-Honeywell is still being negotiated . 
`` But the question is whether things people are looking at will actually surface in live transactions in light of the current market conditions . '' 
The Russians are talking peace . 
Dismissing the trade group 's numbers left traders plenty of time to worry anew about the latest reports on OPEC production . 
Warnaco was taken private by Spectrum Group in 1986 for about $ 487 million . 
They and many other major Japanese corporations will issue results soon for the fiscal first half ended Sept. 30 . 
Telos responded by combining three of its five divisions to reduce expenses and `` bring more focus to potentially fewer bidding opportunities , '' says Lin Conger , Telos chairman and controlling shareholder . 
As a presidential candidate in 1980 , George Bush forthrightly expressed his position on abortion in an interview with Rolling Stone magazine published that March . 
A section of the Bay Bridge had collapsed , as had a part of Interstate Highway 880 in Oakland . 
The sell signal , which sent a bearish chill through the stock market , came when Renaissance 's computer found that stocks were overpriced compared with bonds and Treasury bills . 
Misery Loves Company 
The Big Board this morning plans to begin trading its Exchange Stock Portfolio `` basket '' product , the first program-trading vehicle carrying the exchange 's seal of approval . 
The sale is likely to fuel concern about growing Japanese investment in U.S. biotechnology firms . 
But he also said that exercising a test line-item veto is n't a `` top initiative '' on the president 's agenda because he faces more-pressing budget issues at the moment . 
But the Reserve Fund , America 's first money fund , was not named , nor were the creators of the money-fund concept , Harry Brown and myself . 
Officials at Goldman Sachs and Salomon Brothers were unavailable for comment . 
Loral will provide to Turkey an electronic countermeasures system for its fleet of F-16 aircraft . 
Only four months have passed since the Beijing massacre , and few are prepared to predict its ultimate impact . 
Toyota Motor Corp. , which opened a plant in Georgetown , Ky. , last year , saw sales triple to 6,256 vehicles . 
Today , 30 have . 
The economy is showing signs of weakness , particularly among manufacturers . 
London was weak throughout Friday 's trading , however , on what dealers attributed to generally thin interest ahead of the weekend and this week 's potentially important U.K. trade figures for September . 
Christopher Smith ( R. , N.J. ) , a pro-life leader in the House , suggested a compromise that would have adapted restrictive language from rape and incest exceptions in the states . 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could raise the price tags of such deals by up to 10 % and cool the takeover boom . 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index finished 19.2 points higher at 2189.3 . 
`` There was a seething mass of people , '' said one floor trader . 
Chief Executive Officer Michael Carpenter said that despite the outcry even by some of Kidder 's own brokers , he believes index arbitrage does n't have a `` negative impact on the market as a whole . 
The yield on six-month Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction , for example , was just 7.77 % . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
A bipartisan commission established by Congress and headed by Sen. John Rockefeller ( D. , W.Va . ) is scheduled to present new plans for dealing with the uninsured and long-term care for the elderly by next March 1 . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 , interest-free loan from a Wedtech officer . 
But he warns that banks will have `` to have enough discipline '' not to make loans that are too risky . 
Meanwhile , for the second straight day , the bond market paid little attention to the Federal Reserve 's open market operations . 
Late Thursday , the Treasury said it needed to raise $ 17 billion quickly and would do so by issuing new securities this week . 
But he flies for Federal Express Corp. , perhaps the closest thing in corporate America to the Green Berets . 
They were willing to trade important provisions in the bailout legislation to preserve Mr. Wall 's job and to avoid a reconfirmation hearing in which he would be called upon to testify about Lincoln S&L . 
Mazda has the Bongo truck and , under its Autozam nameplate , a `` microvan '' called the Scrum . 
Cost is a key consideration because of the global sweep of the financial markets . 
They say the broker took them out for lunch frequently . 
In our time abortion has become another , best left to a line of Supreme Court decisions rather than to the chaos of 50 state legislatures . 
Company officials said later that British Airways believes its involvement in the UAL buy-out ended last Friday when the buy-out group , which also includes UAL 's management and pilot union , failed to obtain financing for the $ 6.79 billion transaction . 
In addition , the chairman has a wary eye aimed a year or two down the road . 
The proposed legislation is aimed at rectifying some of the inequities in the current land-ownership system . 
WYSE TECHNOLOGY INC. , San Jose , maker of video display terminals and workstations and IBM\/PC compatible computers , annual sales of $ 452 million , slight structural damage at headquarters , no injuries , expects to be back to full operation today . 
It may also lead to new safeguards in major construction projects such as double-deck highways . 
Because UPS drivers are n't permitted to load their own vehicles at the depot , say these couriers , packages often get buried in the load and are delivered late . 
Westinghouse Electric Corp. , capitalizing on a major restructuring program , expects operating margins of more than 10 % and double-digit per-share earnings growth next year , top officers told securities analysts here . 
The adjacent tables show the Big Board and Amex issues in which a short interest position of at least 100,000 shares existed as of mid-October or in which there was a short position change of at least 50,000 shares since mid-September . 
With a conservative debt-to-equity ratio of 1-to-1 -- and $ 329 million in cash -- Manville is indeed actively on the prowl . 
Edison said the acquired stores would be integrated into its current operations . 
Meanwhile , Toshiba 's Japanese rivals , Hitachi , Fujitsu Ltd. and NEC Corp. , are n't sitting still . 
`` I think it 's more an issue of style . 
Some loyal voices , in and out of the East German Communist party , saw the nation 's unrest coming . 
But the two groups represent a further step in defensiveness . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. , via underwriters at Morgan Stanley & Co. , priced $ 350 million of junk bonds at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
Humana contends that $ 8,000 represents an extreme case and that its regular charge for lithotripsy is $ 4,900 . 
Avondale Industries Inc. , New Orleans , received a $ 23 million contract from the Navy to enlarge by 50 % the capacity of an auxiliary oiler . 
`` You have a whole staff standing ready '' to evaluate the appropriateness of recommended treatment , he said . 
But approval is almost certain since Mr. Rey and a friendly Adia management are in control . 
At the very least , Mr. Jones , who cultivates the society circuit as eagerly as his bench , can take comfort in one fact : These days , he is n't alone . 
Some may be tempted to argue that the idea of a strategic review merely resurrects the infamous Zero-Based Budgeting ( ZBB ) concept of the Carter administration . 
Directors of Bergen Bank and Den Norske Creditbank , two of Norway 's leading banks , announced they had agreed to the formal merger of the banks . 
If the program is meant to provide a subsidy , collecting the debt defeats the original goal . 
Brewery stocks were firm to higher on talk of early bargain-hunting , but most ended below their peaks . 
Helped by futures-related program buying , the Dow Jones Industrial Average gained 4.92 points to close at 2643.65 . 
But Mr. Savaiko expects stepped-up producer selling at around the $ 1,040 to $ 1,050 level . 
New York Times Co. 's third-quarter earnings report is reinforcing analysts ' belief that newspaper publishers will be facing continued poor earnings comparisons through 1990 . 
At the very least , a recession would prompt investors to buy the highest-quality bonds they can find -- that is , Treasurys . 
The Treasury said it will alter the auctions unless it has assurance of enactment of legislation to raise the statutory debt limit before the scheduled auctions Monday . 
The U.S. is submitting the proposal today in Geneva , hoping that the initiative will spur members of the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade to reach agreement on new trade rules before their current negotiating round concludes in December 1990 . 
The computing-services concern will pay $ 1,059.04 for each $ 1,000 face amount of debt . 
And while sellers of the equipment and companies `` monitoring '' employees have few qualms , right-to-privacy advocates and some lawmakers are alarmed . 
As it stands now , the government would continue to hold 45 % of Picop after the 36 % stake is sold . 
Per-share net rose to 55.10 yen from 54.51 yen . 
`` This is especially true for spring merchandise , '' says Jim Rindos , credit manager at Bernard Sands . 
Institutional investors that must evaluate poison pills on a regular basis are interested less in this general debate than in the answers to specific questions about the corporation issuing the pill . 
Prevented by the Communist Party from getting on its slate of nominees for the new Supreme Soviet , he stood as an independent candidate for Congress from his native Ukraine and won with 84 % of the vote . 
Moreover , analysts point out that Japanese banks have a reputation for doing deals that are n't extremely profitable if they offer the chance to build market share , cement an important business relationship or curry favor with powerful bureaucrats . 
During the televised Iran-Contra hearings , Mr. North came off as a patriot from central casting . 
The trade report drew yet another unsettling parallel to October 1987 . 
While the market expects little reaction from news of U.S. durable goods orders , scheduled for release today , participants note that the figures will probably serve to reinforce this bearish sentiment . 
Ms. Terry did say the fund 's recent performance `` illustrates what happens in a leveraged product '' when the market does n't cooperate . 
Admittedly last season 's runaway hit , `` Steel Magnolias , '' helped a lot , but so did cost cutting and other measures insisted on by the board . 
The other suit was filed by two men in a dispute over $ 100,000 investments each says he made with Mr. Peterson as part of an effort to purchase the Bank of Scottsdale in Scottsdale , Ariz . 
Street lights , the ad points out , `` helped sharpen the arm of many a budding baseball player . '' 
AT&T said it expects to beat to the marketplace two rivals , Northern Telecom Ltd. of Canada and France 's Alcatel N.V. , which also have announced Sonet-based products . 
FERC 's regulation had given pipelines until March 31 , 1989 , to pass on to customers as much as 50 % of the costs of buying out their broken contracts , which were made with producers when gas prices were high and supplies short . 
Warner Communications Inc. and Sony Corp. resumed settlement talks on their legal battle over Hollywood producers Peter Guber and Jon Peters , but continued to level strong accusations at each other in legal documents . 
They also support a tax credit for employers to offset the cost of hiring and training workers who temporarily replace employees on parental leave . 
Since then , further research argues that failure to take account of quality improvements has contributed a total of at least 0.26 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate . 
Other strong sectors were indicated in gains of the Transportation Index , up 7.55 to 475.35 , and the Utility Index , up 8.68 to 730.37 . 
Many have launched promotions to attract new fans and are renegotiating dated stadium contracts . 
The internationalization of the industry has been hastened by foreign companies ' acquisitions of many U.S. producers . 
LIN added 5\/8 to 110 5\/8 and McCaw lost 1\/4 to 41 . 
But Asher B. Edelman , who controls about 16 % of the San Antonio , Texas , computer-servicing company , insisted that the announcement did n't have anything to do with the ongoing battle for control of Datapoint Corp . 
But a flurry of late trading yesterday beefed up prices . 
The TVA 's huge $ 4 billion offering dominated attention in the new-issue market . 
Nausea seems a commonplace symptom . 
`` This is n't a political issue , this is a moral issue , '' said Rep. Henry Hyde ( R. , Ill. ) , the most eloquent spokesman for the anti-abortion movement . 
Mr. Lee also reported to the president that , in a separate meeting , Communist Party chief Jiang Zemin said the Chinese leadership `` looked kindly on the students who took part in the demonstrations . '' 
`` The judge never made a pretense of repaying the money , '' said Mr. Green . 
Large cross-border deals numbered 51 and totaled $ 17.1 billion in the second quarter , the firm added . 
`` A lot of growers wo n't be around in a few years , '' says Mr. Norton , although they have stopped using Alar . 
All the precise types of federal aid that will be sent to California wo n't be determined until state officials make specific requests to FEMA , agency officials said . 
It would establish procedures to prevent countries from using health and sanitation rules to impede trade arbitrarily . 
Last month , the carrier said it wanted to lease crews and planes from British Airways so it could funnel its passengers from London to other European destinations . 
Continental Airlines is a unit of Texas Air Corp . 
At first UAL did n't open because of an order imbalance . 
Drug money has also gone to buy expensive cars , airplanes , launches and nightclubs where drugs are consumed . 
`` Dinkins is a decent but sloppy guy , '' says David Garth , veteran campaign consultant here who has always worked for Mayor Edward Koch , defeated by Mr. Dinkins in the Sept. 12 Democratic primary . 
Once { asbestos } is released into the environment , it can lodge anywhere , '' says Richard A. Dennis , the assistant U.S. attorney who prosecuted the case . 
`` The fact that they did four-day matched sales means they are not in a mood to ease aggressively . 
The company said the sale would produce a $ 1.2 billion gain in the fourth quarter . 
`` If you say sell anytime a company 's price\/earnings ratio exceeds 15 , that knocks out all your growth stocks , '' he says . 
Barry Bryant , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said Tandy also has suffered from lethargic sales of its computers aimed at the home and small-office market , which are less-advanced and cheaper than computers aimed at the corporate market . 
But so far , Mr. Paul and his advisers are holding fast . 
Nor , by the way , advertisers . '' 
Dollar : 141.90 yen , off 0.53 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0108 . 
He describes a drowned corpse as `` Esther Williams . '' 
Texaco Inc. reported an 11 % increase in third-quarter earnings , which it attributed partly to the company 's massive restructuring after it emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings 18 months ago . 
Older movies have plenty of violence , though it is portrayed in keeping with the more restrictive social conventions of the time . 
Suffering from a downturn in heavy truck production that cut orders for its engines , Caterpillar also said it will indefinitely lay off about 325 workers in the Peoria area and temporarily shut its plant in York , Pa. , for two weeks in both November and December . 
Separately , Lone Star Technologies said the bankruptcy court granted Lone Star Steel an extension until year end on its exclusive period to present a reorganization plan . 
Chevrolet already is offering an $ 800 rebate on the 1990-model Corsica . 
They are telling people what roads are closed and just keeping the public informed has helped to keep the panic down , '' said James Ball , a station supervisor at Daly City Police Department . 
Its current ad campaign , on which Maidenform has spent more than $ 15 million since fall 1987 , does n't even show its underwear products , but rather men like Christopher Reeve , star of the `` Superman '' movies , talking about their lingerie turn-ons . 
The stock traded as high as $ 10 this past summer . 
Mr. Corry expected the Texas Oil & Gas sale to delight Mr. Icahn by addressing his concern about boosting shareholder value . 
The West German retailing group also said that the results of the first three quarters suggest it will meet its profit goal for the year . 
It was the second anniversary of the 1987 crash , but this time it was different . 
`` What happened in the stock market and the bigger trade deficit '' reported yesterday `` make it unlikely that short-term interest rates will rise '' any time soon , said Mr. Mehl of Banxquote . 
Before becoming a consultant in 1974 , Mr. Achenbaum was a senior executive at J. Walter Thompson Co . 
Ford may seek all of Jaguar , setting the stage for a possible bidding war with GM . 
QUANTUM CHEMICAL Corp. 's plant in Morris , Ill. , is expected to resume production in early 1990 . 
But they also are to see that taxpayers get all allowable tax benefits and to ask if filers who sought IRS aid were satisfied with it . 
Reflecting airline takeover activity , however , both the Fidelity Select Air Transportation Portfolio and the National Aviation & Technology fund posted better-than-average returns for the the year to date : 30.09 % for the Fidelity Air Transportation fund and a whopping 47.24 % for National Aviation & Technology . 
However , people familiar with the buy-out group said Mr. Pope 's departure would weaken the airline 's management at a critical time . 
Exxon will use a Parker Drilling Co. rig built in 1981 that can go down 9 1\/2 miles . 
The moves illustrate the more aggressive attitude toward patent protection that patent experts say Japan is starting to take . 
The two unions already had significant leverage simply because their employer has yet to settle with either on new contracts . 
American Brands `` just had a different approach , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
As part of an agreement that settled charges brought by the Securities and Exchange Commission , a receiver was also appointed for the three venture-capital firms . 
Mr. Pound responded , `` It 's a deal . '' 
It is also a partner in the wireline cellular franchise covering most of western New Mexico . 
Japan 's FTC says it is investigating Apple for allegedly discouraging retailers from discounting . 
The failure in Oakland of the freeway segment known as the Cypress structure was the deadliest aspect of the quake , although officials were hopeful yesterday that the death toll there might be significantly lower than the 250 initially feared . 
The question , she said , is whether Drexel should be allowed to pay and move on , or `` whether you should ( simply ) revoke the license when someone is convicted of a felony . '' 
And with Al 's record of being a delver and a detail guy , you can see how the two fit , '' said Alan Gottesman , an analyst with PaineWebber . 
Proponents of the nationwide standards say the cost for car buyers would be about $ 500 per car . 
The place costs nearly $ 2 million a year to maintain . 
RJR 's 14.70 % bonds due 2007 fell 2 1\/2 points . 
Another significant factor in the capitalgains debate is the extent to which it has become a purely political battle between President Bush and Senate Majority Leader Mitchell . 
But in 1935 , when Congress was trying to find someone or something to blame for the Great Depression , it decided to drop both the secretary and the comptroller from the board . 
U.S. car dealers had an average of 59 days ' supply of cars in their lots at the end of September , according to Ward 's Automotive Reports . 
The company also said it continues to explore all options concerning the possible sale of National Aluminum 's 54.5 % stake in an aluminum smelter in Hawesville , Ky . 
Dark hints would be raised that parts of the administration hope Mr. Gorbachev would fail , just as they were when Vice President Quayle voiced similar sentiments . 
At least one analyst noted that as production improves , the concern among traders is whether the prospective increased supply will find buyers because of uncertainty over national economies . 
In a convertible mortgage , the investor lends the building owner a certain amount in return for the option to convert its interest into equity , usually less than 50 % , at the end of the loan term . 
Those investors think SCI TV needs new equity to survive . 
The plane failed to reach Molokai 's airport Saturday while on a flight from the neighboring island of Maui . 
Stewart & Stevenson Services Inc. said it received two contracts totaling $ 19 million to build gas-turbine generators . 
But a dollar invested in long-term bonds in 1926 would have grown to only $ 16.56 , and a dollar put in Treasury bills would equal a meager $ 9.29 . 
Granges said it also plans in the third quarter to write down the carrying value of the Tartan mine by 2.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 2.12 million ) , and to write off most of the C$ 6.3 million carrying value of its Windflower gold property in British Columbia . 
At the center of any court fight will be the differing interpretations of the written contract between Warner and the two producers , but other murkier issues will play a big role . 
They are inevitably inclined to echo the conventional pap , since this is the least controversial option that is open to them . 
Britain 's House of Commons passed a law that will force English soccer fans to carry identity cards to enter stadiums . 
Gas to fuel it would be piped from the North Sea . 
GM also had dismal results in the first 10 days of the month , while other auto makers reported mixed results . 
Mr. Noriega often tells friends that patience is the best weapon against the gringos , who have a short attention span and little stomach for lasting confrontation . 
`` A similar result could sometimes be achieved , at less cost , by changing managements , '' he said . 
But the different business system would make it hard for Dentsu to provide these Japanese companies the same kind of services they do in Japan . 
Mr. Kloves has put together some priceless moments . 
Estimated volume was a very light one million ounces . 
About 47 % are loyal for one to five of the products . 
But Mr. Dinkins 's sense of pragmatism often comes across more as an insider 's determination not to upset the political apple cart . 
So why does Renaissance 's computer like stocks with the Dow at 2653.28 , where it closed yesterday , when it did n't with the Dow at 2200 ? 
A year earlier , the refiner earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share . 
Mervin Lung remains chairman and chief executive officer . 
That means Unisys must pay about $ 100 million in interest every quarter , on top of $ 27 million in dividends on preferred stock . 
Third-quarter revenue rose 2.7 % to $ 433.5 million from $ 422.1 million . 
Sure . 
Then , two weeks ago -- declaring that `` I 'm not looking for any conflict over this '' -- the president said he would consider a compromise to fund abortions for poor women in cases of rape and incest . 
Lion Nathan Ltd. , a New Zealand brewing and retail concern , said Friday that Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. is `` committed '' to a transaction whereby Lion Nathan would acquire 50 % of Bond 's Australian brewing assets . 
In late May , Stena Holding AG and Tiphook PLC , launched a $ 50-a-share , or $ 777 million , tender offer for the Hamilton , Bermuda-based Sea Containers . 
This team initially called its new model Personal Retirement Account , or `` PRA . '' 
These A 's , however , got few grades as low as B on their 1989 report card . 
No doubt he believes the place can be salvaged . 
J.C. Penney Co. , which relocated from New York to suburban Dallas two years ago , gently wraps itself in Texas pride through a full-page magazine ad : `` Taking the long-range view to conserve what is of value to future generations is part of the Lone Star lifestyle , '' the ad reads . 
On Monday , when a mere seven common stocks managed new highs , six were utilities or golds . 
In addition , the directors said if a bid by Mr. Drabinsky is successful , Cineplex expects Rank Organisation PLC to acquire the 51 % of Cineplex 's Film House unit it does n't own , and provide Mr. Drabinsky with additional loan financing . 
Thus , an acquisition may prove the necessary course . 
I got my feet on the floor . 
`` If you do n't know what the rules of the game are , it 's hard to start your fund-raising or design , '' said Dana Smith , an official with Team Dennis Conner . 
America West would n't identify the entity , but said the payment was for the foreign company 's use of certain tax benefits in connection with America West plane purchases . 
Reversing an eight-year federal policy , the measure supports Medicaid abortions in cases of rape and incest , but Mr. Bush has so far refused to support any specific exemption beyond instances in which the mother 's life is in danger . 
It 's a horrible machine , actually . 
Yesterday 's closing price of $ 101.75 , down 50 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , puts the stock at about 1 1\/2 times book value , which is as low as it has sunk over the past decade . 
Vice President 
It 's a real dog . '' 
They warn that asset-backed securities are only as good as the assets and credit backing that support them -- and those are hard to evaluate . 
`` I never agreed to it , '' Mr. Alexander says , adding that `` it 's not necessary to pay these nuisance settlements . '' 
Stocks\/Mutual Funds : Stocks and mutual funds other than money-market funds . 
And California 's 45-member delegation in the House is expected to propose that emergency funds be added to a stop-gap spending bill that the House Appropriations Committee is to consider Monday . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's and triple-A by S&P . 
That was the message delivered by government and private security experts at an all-day conference on corporate electronic espionage . 
At the hearing , Mr. Seidman said the RTC has already pumped $ 729 million into Lincoln for liquidity . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. won permission from the Federal Reserve Board to move the company 's private placement department to its fledgling securities subsidiary . 
Immune Response Corp. -- Three million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
Black & Decker Corp. said it agreed to sell its Bostik chemical adhesives unit to Orkem S.A. , a French chemical company , for $ 345 million . 
On the other hand , Nissan 's sales goals for Infiniti are modest compared with Toyota 's targets for Lexus . 
One day after Delmed Inc. made top management changes and disclosed the end of an important business tie , its stock did n't trade and the company forecast a `` significant '' drop next year in sales of its core product . 
`` It means that Sikes is serious about the deregulation of long distance , '' said Jack Grubman , a telecommunications analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , who attended the FCC meeting . 
But this biennial event , the world 's largest display of cars and trucks , has its serious side , including the first major exhibitions of future engines and vehicle-suspension systems . 
Company officials said the new company , Sin Kean Boon-Sanwa ( J.V . ) is capitalized at the equivalent of 54 million yen ( $ 381,000 ) . 
Currently , even though the issuer does n't pay tax , the debt holder is taxed on the accrued interest . 
Cray Research will retain a 10 % interest in the new company , which will be based in Colorado Springs , Colo . 
Still , few investors are able to sit tight when they are convinced a recession is coming . 
While Ms. Bryant 's state went ahead and accepted Drexel 's settlement offer of $ 25,000 , she said : `` I do n't have any argument with those who came to different conclusions . 
And so our institutions of higher learning lurch from scandal to scandal on gridiron and basketball court , while the casualties mount . 
A Daikin executive in charge of exports when the high-purity halogenated hydrocarbon was sold to the Soviets in 1986 received a suspended 10-month jail sentence . 
West Germany will repeal the unpopular turnover tax on securities transactions as of Jan. 1 , 1991 , Economics Minister Helmut Haussmann said . 
The executive said Paramount and MCA have also held discussions with Chris-Craft Industries ' broadcasting unit , which owns five independent stations in cities such as Los Angeles , San Francisco and Portland , Ore . 
So-called E-mail is the collection of inter-office memos , gossip , technical data , schedules and directives distributed over local and national computer networks . 
That cuts the risk , Mr. Gregory , the San Francisco money manager , points out . 
GE 's filing contends that the billing practices at the heart of the current controversy involved technical disputes rather than criminal activity . 
Salomon said net income soared to $ 177 million , or $ 1.28 a share , from $ 65 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
And despite the recent tough advertising climate , industry figures released at the meeting here indicate things may be turning around . 
Third-quarter sales of U.S. credit services were `` disappointingly below sales '' of a year earlier , Dun & Bradstreet said . 
Mr. Corry also ruled that all board meetings would be held in Pittsburgh instead of New York or Findlay , Ohio , Marathon 's home . 
Among these are the company 's Australian brewing assets , in the books at A$ 950 million but actually worth A$ 2.5 billion , he said . 
In anticipation of that shift , he and other analysts are encouraging their clients to buy such issues now . 
With more than 15 million exercise bikes sold in the past five years , he adds , `` a lot of garages , basements and attics must be populated with them . '' 
All of the Big Three suffered in the just-ended period , however , with sales of all domestically made cars , including those built at Japanese-managed plants , falling 19 % to 158,863 from a year earlier . 
It 's also the first major sign of the long-awaited consolidation in the European insurance industry as the European Community Commission moves toward a single market by 1992 . 
Mr. Asman is also annoyed that Mr. Castro has resisted collaboration with U.S. officials , even though by his own account that collaboration has been devised essentially as a mechanism for acts directly hostile to the Cuban regime , such as facilitating defections . 
Intra-European takeovers are expected to continue at their brisk pace . 
And the agency , which operated throughout fiscal 1989 with a $ 360 million budget shortfall , has been under a hiring freeze since last fall . 
When Chancellor Helmut Kohl travels to Poland Nov. 9 , he is expected to take with him a promise of three billion West German marks ( $ 1.6 billion ) in new credit guarantees for industrial projects . 
In a speech given Friday but released late Monday , Bundesbank Vice President Helmut Schlesinger suggested that it was risky to claim that the booming German economy has reached the peak of its cycle . 
Once such abuses become so pervasive , the IRS builds another factor into its secret computer formula for selecting returns for audit and does n't need special projects for them . 
Separately , Standard & Poor 's Corp. lowered its ratings on Valley National Corp. 's senior debt to double-B from double-B-plus , affecting about $ 300 million of long-term debt . 
At the same time , a small group of Senate Democrats are working on a similar plan and may introduce it soon . 
But word of the possible session was closely held by the president and a handful of top aides , and word of it did n't reach many second-level officials until the past few days . 
In Australia , land of the outback , a snapshot of Jim Beam lies on a strip of hand-tooled leather . 
But Mr. Dinkins 's economic planks do n't seem to bother the business community , where he draws significant support . 
Fox said it plans to offer its stations movies , theatrical and made-for-TV ventures , probably on Wednesdays , sometime next year . 
On the prospect for rebuilding northern California , investors bid up cement-makers Calmat Co. , up $ 2.75 to $ 28.75 , and Lone Star Industries Inc. , up $ 1.75 to $ 29.25 . 
According to Mr. Nixon 's office , `` This is solely a fact-finding trip . 
British Satellite faces competition from Sky Television , a satellite-TV venture begun last February and owned by Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp . 
The first signs of trouble came last month when the Hong Kong carrier , a subsidiary of Swire Pacific Ltd. , posted a 5 % drop in operating profit for the first six months and warned that margins will remain under pressure for the rest of the year . 
The presence of so many people , cars and competing businesses is evidence of a healthy economy in a place where people want to live . 
Mr. Bostian said in August that his macroeconomic index signaled recession . 
Earlier this year , Venezuela announced it was opening up debt-equity swaps to foreign investors but said the program would be limited to a net disbursement of $ 600 million a year . 
Some stock pickers already are targeting the OTC market , where , they say , await plenty of small - and medium-sized growth stocks . 
While the student was in school , interest costs would either be paid by the student or added to the loan balance . 
Macmillan said Berlitz intends to pay quarterly dividends on the stock . 
The world had a big yuk recently when the Soviets reported a rash of UFO landings , one of them bringing tall aliens who glowed in the dark to Voronezh . 
Avery , which continues to operate a coal company it expects to sell at a loss , said in proxy materials it intends to seek control of one or more companies . 
Some women clearly have no trouble eventually conceiving again : The studies have reported repeaters in their programs . 
Lawyers for the Garcias said they plan to appeal . 
Digital Equipment Corp. reported a 32 % decline in net income on a modest revenue gain in its fiscal first quarter , causing some analysts to predict weaker results ahead than they had expected . 
When the announcement came out , `` I picked up the phone and said , ` Why do n't you come to us ? ' '' Mr. Spielvogel said . 
( Impressionist and modern paintings , not tracked by Salomon , are ranked even higher at 74 % by Sotheby 's . ) 
THE PHILADELPHIA law firm of Ballard , Spahr , Andrews & Ingersoll said three partners have joined its business and finance department . 
A recession or new OPEC blowup could put oil markets right back in the soup . 
`` The ` r ' word is looming again , '' says one dealer , referring to persistent concern among some market analysts that the U.S. economy is heading toward a major slowdown if not a recession . 
Sales in the latest period were $ 1.25 billion , down from $ 1.36 billion in the 1988 quarter . 
Yellow pages advertising sales rose 11.8 % to $ 41.2 million . 
In an interview , Pemberton Hutchinson , president and chief executive , cited several reasons for the improvement : higher employee productivity and `` good natural conditions '' in the mines , as well as lower costs for materials , administrative overhead and debt interest . 
Such trappings suggest a glorious past but give no hint of a troubled present . 
The Pale Pachyderms propelled six of 'em out of the unfriendly confines of Candlestick Park during the two games en route to 13-7 and 9-6 wins over the San Francisco Giants . 
Fueling a controversy that has been simmering for years , the Census Bureau also said its figures would look far rosier if it recalculated the poverty threshold using an improved consumer-price measure adopted in 1983 . 
Formerly president and treasurer , Mr. Lang remains chief executive officer . 
At the same time , Lloyd 's is besieged by disgruntled investors and hamstrung by inefficient but time-honored ways of conducting business . 
In Frankfurt , a Lufthansa spokesman confirmed talks are under way , but declined to comment . 
Daffynition 
Trading volume was a moderately heavy 3.1 million shares . 
It cited the expected beneficial effects of a concentration on key products , further structural changes within the group and cooperation agreements with other companies . 
`` But the customer does n't want that . '' 
From a financial standpoint , the boom could n't come at a better time . 
Meanwhile , shares of some big housing lenders got hit , on the likelihood that the lenders ' collateral -- people 's homes -- suffered physical damage and perhaps a loss in value . 
A new drug to prevent the rejection of transplanted organs has been successfully used on more than 100 patients at the University of Pittsburgh , according to researchers . 
The $ 12 million lavished on the Rubens , for example , was a record price for the artist and maybe twice its value , given a dispute among scholars about its provenance . 
It might be alleged that TV has done more than its share to popularize and promote non-violent civil disobedience , so the second situation hypothesized above would be simply a case of `` chickens coming home to roost . '' 
`` Now , we 're going to sell to men . '' 
All prices are as of Monday 's close . 
Washington , D.C. -- 
Mr. Mitterrand also proposed a separate `` Bank for Europe '' that would channel development money to the East . 
Sales rose 8.4 % to $ 27.95 billion from $ 25.78 billion . 
Safeco fell 1\/8 to 32 5\/8 on 462,900 shares . 
Treasury prices ended mixed in light trading . 
Cineplex Odeon Corp. directors said the company 's chairman and chief executive , Garth Drabinsky , is considering bidding 780.6 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 666 million ) to acquire the company . 
Packaged-goods companies `` will make it tougher for smaller people to remain competitive , '' Mr. Bunting says . 
Poughkeepsie said it is continuing to try to sell itself , under a June agreement with a dissident-shareholder group . 
Santa Fe Pacific Realty owns 2.8 million acres of property , including 219 buildings with more than 11 million square feet of space . 
The less-self-confident Czechoslovaks and Bulgarians , in contrast , declared their intentions to reform , while doing nothing concrete about it . 
Mission Resource Partners advanced 8 % , or 1 3\/8 , to 18 7\/8 . 
Stan Richards of Richards Group Inc. , Dallas , tells of the Texan who saw the agency 's tear-jerking commercial for First Gibraltar Bank F.S.B. -- complete with the state 's anthem -- and promptly invested $ 100,000 in the thrift 's CDs . 
`` I guess I might have asked Beauregard to leave , but he drops so many good names , we decided to let him stay , '' says Steven Greenberg , publisher of Fame . 
Cineplex , a Toronto theater chain , had a second-quarter net loss of $ 38.7 million . 
AT&T said its amended pension program will nearly double to 34,000 the number of managers eligible to retire with immediate pension payments . 
Gill & Duffus Ltd. , a British cocoa-trading house , estimated that the 1989-90 world cocoa surplus would be 231,000 tons , down from 314,000 tons for the previous year . 
International Lease Finance Corp. announced a leasing contract with charter carrier American Trans Air Inc. , in a transaction involving six Boeing Co. 757-200s . 
The company is being acquired . 
In recent years , for example , Grand Metropolitan PLC of Britain acquired Heublein Inc. , while another British company , Guinness PLC , took over United Distillers Group and Schenley Industries Inc . 
For the past six years , Mr. Menell , 43 years old , served as vice president for government affairs at American Express . 
`` It may not be weeks or months , but they are also opportunistic and if they feel comfortable , they will move on a deal , '' he said . 
Commodore said that its announcement is based on preliminary information and that the situation could look different by the time final results are announced early next month . 
Bell Atlantic added 148,000 new telephone lines in the quarter for a total of 16.9 million . 
Hells Angels was formed in 1948 and incorporated in 1966 . 
USX already has six lines in existing plants producing hot-dipped galvanized steel , but this marks the first so-called greenfield plant for such production . 
The commission believes that improving AM service would broaden listening selections and increase options for advertisers . 
Traders cited anticipation of the consumer price report for September , due today , and tomorrow 's expiration of October stock-index futures and options as major factors in the slowdown . 
`` If bought at the right price , it could still be profitable , '' said Jeffrey Stein , an analyst at McDonald & Co. , Cleveland . 
The firm was indicted in Tampa , Fla. , on money-laundering charges . 
Last month , program trading accounted for a record 13.8 % of average daily Big Board volume . 
His seven-bedroom cedar and brick house outside of Johnstown is up for sale to pay for his lawyers . 
Recently , some 60 environmental and outdoor groups representing such divergent points of view as the Sierra Club , the League of Women Voters and the National Rifle Association joined together to request a reassessment of the environmentally unsound Central Utah Project . 
For another , sympathetic fans have sent Ms. Shere copies of her recipes clipped from magazines over the years . 
But some industry executives said ABC , in anticipation of a four-game sweep , limited its losses by jacking up the number of commercials it aired in the third and fourth games . 
He again urged passage of a constitutional amendment outlawing abortion . 
Mr. Hammack is eager to know what Aetna will pay for the house , which has to come down . 
The IRS says the question wo n't be settled until the regulations are issued `` shortly . '' 
Like trying to buy life insurance , for instance , an endeavor notably lacking in dash . 
It said CS First Boston `` has consistently been one of the most aggressive firms in merchant banking '' and that `` a very significant portion '' of the firm 's profit in recent years has come from merchant banking-related business . 
A core group of six or so Democratic senators has been working behind the scenes to develop a proposal to reduce the tax on the gain from the sale of assets . 
Unlike most loans to China , there was no Chinese guarantor . 
But Wall Street analysts expect further signs of economic weakness in government reports during the next few weeks . 
Finally , flouting the BPCA 's wishes to continue the popular two-mile riverside Esplanade , prized for its expansive views of New York Harbor , the Statue of Liberty and Ellis Island , Ms. Bartlett threw up yet another wall , this time concrete , this time 10 1\/2 feet tall . 
The federation said Friday that it regrets the resignation , but issued a stinging response that called Exxon a `` corporate pariah '' that should keep an open dialogue with environmentalists . 
Assets owned or managed rose 20 % to $ 45 billion , and mutual fund sales rose 45 % in the quarter to $ 923 million . 
In its latest annual report , Lilly said Humulin sales have shown `` excellent growth . '' 
While she applauds the fact that more Americans are getting up from the television to stroll or garden , she says the percentage of Americans who do `` real exercise to build the heart '' is only 10 % to 20 % . 
The Census Bureau also said : 
`` There is a large market out there hungry for hybrid seeds , '' he said . 
With this treatment we have reduced deaths in high-risk colon cancer by one-third -- but this leaves the two-thirds who are dying of cancer . 
DPC Acquisition said it had received the reasonable assurance of Chase Manhattan Bank N.A. that the financing can be obtained . 
Currently , Falcon has about 750,000 cable-television subscribers around the nation ; the company 's cable-television unit reported 1988 revenue of about $ 100 million . 
At that price , CBS was the only player at the table when negotiations with the International Olympic Committee started in Toronto Aug. 23 . 
He begins his seven-year term Nov. 9 , succeeding Kenan Evren . 
After Mr. Sullivan waffled on abortion last year , the White House appeased right-to-lifers by surrounding him with pro-life deputies . 
Another argument of the environmentalists is that if substitutes are available , why not use them ? 
`` Our { computer } model has a certain trigger point , '' he said . 
I 've learned the hard way that too much booze Takes revenge the next day about nine ; No wonder I say , `` I drink to your health '' -- It certainly is n't to mine ! 
Beta is also a poor indicator of the risk in stock groups that march to their own drummer . 
And Unisys is expected to do little better than break even in the fourth quarter . 
I have never seen a case of incompetence shared by so many participants . '' 
`` The second is they do n't have enough discipline . '' 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
But it would allow considerable flexibility in determining how and when these goals would be achieved . 
As former Ambassador to Costa Rica Francis J. McNeil testified before the subcommittee , the Reagan administration knew that Gen. Noriega was involved with narcotics , but made a decision in the summer of 1986 `` to put Gen. Noriega on the shelf until Nicaragua was settled . '' 
After letting aluminum-makers take the recycling lead , a group of the nation 's largest steelmakers started a recycling institute to promote steel cans to an environmentally conscious nation . 
Montedison , which owns about 72 % of the company 's common stock , agreed to buy the rest for $ 37 a share . 
Instead of helping his company in the defense spending slowdown , Dynamic Engineering Inc. , a troubled subsidiary that makes wind tunnels for the space industry , contributed to much of QuesTech 's $ 3.3 million loss on $ 55.6 million in revenue last year . 
Now Bond Corp. has agreed to sell at least half its Australian brewing assets . 
Names of possible deputies that have surfaced include former mayoral candidate Richard Ravitch , former schools chancellor Frank Macchiarola and Messrs. Leventhal and Gliedman . 
Brokers said the declines early in the day were partly caused by losses of the ruling Christian-Democratic Union in communal elections in the state of Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Nine states have introduced bills requiring that workers and customers be made aware of monitoring . 
Chiron was up 1\/2 to 27 and Cetus gained 1\/2 to 16 3\/8 . 
In 1988 , for the first time , economic growth came to a dead stop . 
The projects include construction of a 29,400 kilowatt waste-to-energy plant for Ada Cogeneration L.P. , Ada , Mich. ; a steam generating plant at Ontario , Calif. , that Zurn will own and operate , and two waste-water control projects in Orange County , Calif . 
Now , she says , `` it 's no longer an issue . '' 
A large number of those leaving are managers and professionals . 
Indeed , Wright said all his life that the greatest lessons he learned were derived from the study of nature . 
To stem speculation , Beijing imposed ceiling prices that went into effect earlier this year . 
Dow has n't said exactly what impact the Marion acquisition will have on 1989 earnings . 
He theorized that in the eye cancer , an infant inherited a damaged copy of a gene from one parent and a normal copy from the other . 
Computer makers were scrambling to help customers recover from the disaster . 
Mr. Dinkins lost twice by wide margins before finally getting elected borough president in 1985 . 
For their part , the group of Democrats are working on a plan that , like the Packwood proposal , would grant larger exclusions to assets the longer they were held by individuals and companies . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Soo Line shares jumped well above the proposed price , closing at $ 20.25 , up $ 2.75 . 
The sky filled with 12.8-pound shells , several of which fell back to Earth , destroying homes and buildings . 
Its 6,500 workers , who had battled Tiger 's management for years over givebacks , were union members until the day of the merger , when most of their unions were automatically decertified . 
He phoned them with updates on the investment , such as `` funny things that happened at the well that week , '' he says . 
Only 10 % of the 250 shippers polled expected their freight-transport costs to decrease , compared with 30 % who had looked to freight transport to reduce costs in past years . 
Tokyo stocks closed easier for the second consecutive day , finishing at the intraday low on index-linked investment trust fund selling toward the end of the afternoon session . 
Brown 's story : 
But Mr. Wolf faces a monumental task in pulling the company back together again . 
Based on Manville 's closing price yesterday of $ 9.25 a share , Manville 's offer would purchase about 5.4 million of its preferred shares , or about 75 % of the trust 's preferred stock holding . 
Shortly after that , Sony would offer to buy Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. for $ 200 million and offer its co-chairmen , Peter Guber and Jon Peters , the chance to run Columbia . 
All this has led to prolonged selling in futures , mostly on the part of computer-guided funds . 
The metal products concern currently has 7.2 million common shares outstanding . 
Crane said it holds an 8.9 % stake in the company and may seek control . 
That decline was reflected in revenue for the GM Hughes unit , which edged down to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.63 billion . 
As Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has opened up the country to foreign trade , the discrepancy has become ever greater . 
In June , the Chicago Board of Trade said it suspended Capcom Financial . 
The family license plate reads `` ENG 23 , '' the first three letters of the family name and -- no surprise here -- Bobby Thomson 's uniform number . 
Dunkin ' Donuts ' announcement followed DD Acquisition 's request to the Delaware Court of Chancery Monday to set a trial date for its suit against the company . 
MCA owns WWOR in New York and Paramount last month agreed to purchase a 79 % stake in the TVX Broadcast Group from Salomon Inc. in a deal valued at $ 140 million . 
But in the harsh world of today 's Wall Street they have lost out to more aggressive and sometimes less scrupulous successors . 
Academy Insurance fell 1\/32 to 1 3\/16 ; but volume totaled 1.2 million shares . 
On top of all this , foreign-debt repayments are expected to peak in 1991 to 1992 . 
I heard parts of the building above my head cracking . 
`` It 's the idea that what goes in easy can come out easy '' -- so that bouts of higher volatility get built into the stock market . 
One of the friends sweeps broken dishes and shattered glass from a countertop and starts to pack what can be salvaged from the kitchen . 
Output declined in several provinces , including Jiangsu and Zhejiang , two key coastal areas , and Sichuan , the nation 's agricultural breadbasket . 
Fewer people said they were working up a sweat with such activities as jogging , tennis , swimming and aerobics . 
`` Spirits companies now view themselves as global marketers , '' says Michael Bellas , president of Beverage Marketing Corp. , a research and consulting firm . 
Unless the market goes right back up , he says , `` it may take us six to nine months to find the money , instead of three . '' 
The Tokyo stock price index of first section issues was up 7.81 at 2687.53 . 
The owners of the defense and aerospace concern , which include three regional states , several industrial companies and banks , met Friday to discuss the final terms of the transaction , in which Daimler-Benz will acquire 50.01 % of 
Actively traded municipal bonds ended 1\/4 to 1\/2 point higher in brisk trading , despite a flood of new supply . 
The company also maintains rechargeable flashlights in offices and changes its standby supply of drinking water every three months . 
Even lobbyists for heavy industry , one of the interests hit hardest in the 1986 bill , are encouraged . 
The year-earlier figure included a one-time gain of $ 59.9 million from the sale of Corning 's stakes in Japanese businesses . 
On the Chicago Board of Trade , soybeans for November delivery closed at $ 5.63 a bushel , down half a cent , while the December wheat contract rose three-quarters of a cent to $ 4.0775 a bushel . 
Whitbread bought the Beefeater distillery two years ago for # 174.5 million . 
Any acquisition of Farmers needs the approval of insurance commissioners in the nine states where Farmers operates , and Mr. Bebear 's trip will take him to Idaho , Arizona and New York after his stay here ; he will meet with insurance regulators , legislators , industry excutives and the press . 
3 ) Republican congressional representatives , because of their belief in a minimalist state , are less willing to engage in local benefit-seeking than are Democratic members of Congress . 
New York Stock Exchange volume was 237,960,000 shares . 
This year , a commission appointed by the mayor to revise New York 's system of government completed a new charter , expanding the City Council to 51 from 35 members . 
Remember them ? 
But that could change if demand for OPEC 's oil softens seasonally early next year as some think may happen . 
`` The dress business has always been a gamble , but it 's never been like this , '' says Mr. Levy , president of St. Gillian Group Ltd. , which has become a hot name thanks to a campaign of sexy TV commercials . 
Many foreign trading offices in Hong Kong were swamped with telexes and telephone calls from Chinese trade officials urging them not to sever ties . 
Ingersoll has 28 dailies and 200 other non-daily papers in the U.S. and Europe . 
Mr. Redford no longer stands out as an extremist . 
`` Those who have left have expressed an opinion that the strike force should continue , '' Ms. Brevetti says . 
`` This ought to be subtitled the ` Do n't let Frank Lorenzo take over another airline ' amendment , '' said Rep. James Oberstar ( D. , Minn. ) , chairman of the House aviation subcommittee , who argued that the provision was unnecessary because the bill already would give the department ample power to block undesirable deals . 
And he says he 's learned a lesson : `` You always have to watch out for yourself . 
The DAX index fell 15.85 to end at 1507.37 . 
Still , Britain 's current slump is a cause for concern here as the nation joins in the European Community 's plan to create a unified market by 1992 . 
AM stereo remains largely undeveloped because it lacks a uniform delivery system . 
Results for the latest quarter include nonoperating items of $ 23.9 million , versus $ 8.4 million a year earlier . 
Analysts had expected Consolidated to post a slim profit , and the company 's stock was down only 25 cents to $ 30.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The company had losses for several years before turning profitable in fiscal 1988 . 
Lawmakers , they say , would avoid putting many spending projects into legislation in the first place for fear of the embarrassment of having them singled out for a line-item veto later . 
A daily average of 20.9 million shares traded in program strategies in September , the second-highest level ever . 
Xerox Corp. -- $ 150 million of 8 3\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1995 , priced at 99.555 to yield 8.85 % . 
A new Maryland law frees store owners of liability if a customer trips or otherwise gets hurt on the way to the restroom ... . 
The dollar was mixed . 
Although Digital has staked out a major presence in the booming workstation market , profit margins in that market are much slimmer than for mainframes . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Asarco fell $ 1.375 to close at $ 31.75 . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
WHEN Catherine Bobar spent several weeks at the Medical Center of Vermont recently with a bone infection in her toe , she shared a room just like most patients . 
They added that the settlement is the culmination of a 2 1\/2-year investigation into the company 's aluminum pricing practices in connection with KC-135s . 
The company unveiled more than 50 products , mostly software , that are designed to integrate the three areas of a manufacturing operation -- the plant floor , design operations and production planning . 
The December contract ended at $ 999 a metric ton , down $ 15 . 
Mr. Gutfreund collected $ 32 million , while Billy Salomon got $ 10 million , much less than if he had conducted the sale . 
Creator Hugh Wilson , for example , included the lead character 's Greek family in the cast , `` but that is not the right focus anymore , '' said one CBS executive . 
If convicted , they could be sentenced to death . 
Unilever already has experienced some disappointment . 
The schools ' central mission , educating children , became subsumed by the competing interests of bureaucrats , politicians and unions . 
But public documents indicate 10 % or more of the bank 's provisions were made for foregone interest on a M$ 200 million loan to Malaysia 's dominant political party , the United Malays National Organization , to build its convention and headquarters complex in Kuala Lumpur . 
The debt load would have been higher but for a reduction of A$ 5 billion over the past year from asset sales , Mr. Bond said at a business gathering . 
He suggests , for example , that investors may have assumed that just because UAL could n't get financing , no leveraged buy-outs can get financing . 
The issue was priced at a spread of 137.5 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
Leaseway said it has begun discussions with certain institutional debt holders to review the proposed private placement transaction , which would exchange the debt for new subordinated debt instruments and equity securities . 
For the nine months , the company had net income of $ 15.1 million , or 74 cents a share , up 98 % from $ 7.6 million , or 38 cents a share last year . 
The use of the abominable construction practices in the Soviet Union -- as evidenced by the collapse of sand apartment blocks during the Armenian earthquake -- as a metaphor for the U.S. economic system was a sublime example of Mr. Cockburn 's satirical muse . 
Dozens of small companies did , swiftly establishing a standard operating system . 
The House Appropriations Committee approved a $ 2.85 billion aid package for the quake region , less than the $ 3.8 billion sought by California officials . 
The newest uses of the 900-interactive technology demonstrate the growing variety of applications . 
What 's surprising is that there is n't more of a conservative outcry as the Bush administration lets the programs slip down the national-priority list . 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
Alice Fixx , who runs her own public-relations concern in New York , says she has had to overhaul her pension and profit-sharing plans three times in the past three years . 
The Boston Globe says its newly redesigned pages have a `` crisper '' look with revamped fixtures aimed at making the paper `` more consistent '' and `` easier to read . '' 
Under federal law , if the court grants a preliminary injunction , the FTC must begin administrative proceedings to determine the legality of the proposed stock purchase within 20 days . 
`` Our net income is n't where we would want it to be at this point , '' said William C. Ferguson , chairman and chief executive officer . 
The aftershocks of the highway tragedy are reverberating in Los Angeles as well , as local politicians spoke yesterday against plans to bring double-decking to Los Angeles freeways by 1994 . 
During settlement talks , for example , Warner demanded such things as cable TV rights to Columbia movies and Columbia 's interest in the studio it jointly owns with Warner , according to executives involved in the talks . 
Other market-maker gripes : Program trading also causes the Nasdaq Composite Index to lose ground against other segments of the stock market . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 3\/4 % offered . 
Encouraged by Mr. Wilder 's sly grins , embarrassed grimaces and sputtering rages , the audience gets the joke and begins to laugh before the end of the first act . 
Odd Cars , Funny Names 
But only two-thirds of Lexus dealers are constructing new buildings according to the Lexus specs . 
Fluctuation in short interest of certain stocks also may be caused partly by arbitraging . 
This is the Mirage , a $ 630 million island-fantasy hotel-casino now being completed for opening in November by Golden Nugget Inc . 
European Community employers fear that the EC Commission 's plans for a `` charter of fundamental social rights '' is a danger to industrial competitiveness . 
`` It was an overreaction to an event { the failure of a management and union group to get bank financing for a takeover of UAL } that does n't mean that much to lots of stocks . '' 
But if the cooperative attitude holds and there is greater consultation on covert activities , the country could be entering an era when such hare-brained schemes are scrapped before they get off the drawing boards , while risky but well-planned secret operations can be undertaken without fear that a panicky Congress will balk . 
Falconbridge , he says , will continue operating in its current form . 
Paper and forest-products stocks declined after Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. lowered investment ratings on a number of issues in the two sectors , based on a forecast that pulp prices will fall sharply . 
Lucas Industries PLC , a British maker of industrial parts and systems , reported a 28 % rise in pretax profit for the year to July 31 , helped in particular by a 32 % jump in operating profit at its aerospace division . 
Rising inflation in Poland and Hungary makes Czechoslovak food , clothing and shoes relatively cheap for visitors from these countries . 
All three major creditors -- the IRS , Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover -- voted against and effectively doomed a reorganization plan proposed by Mr. Hunt . 
The per-share loss for the Paramus , N.J. , food-services concern totaled seven cents , compared with earnings of 51 cents a share a year earlier . 
Of all the unflattering portraits of small-town America I 've seen on TV , this film is the most gratuitously nasty . 
That structural lack is crucial because investors are the only source of market liquidity . 
A person who is born with one defective copy of a suppressor gene , or in whom one copy is damaged early in life , is especially prone to cancer because he need only lose the other copy for a cancer to develop . 
Other steelmakers envision steel roofs covering suburbia . 
K mart , based in Troy , Mich. , recently said net income would fall for the third consecutive quarter , after a 16 % drop in the first half of its current fiscal year . 
The two states and the state of Bavaria still hold a majority in MBB , but their stake will fall to around 30 % after Daimler-Benz acquires its stake in the concern . 
Grain , milk and meat come next . 
The Costa Mesa , Calif. , maker of computer tape drives also projected record revenue for the year of $ 181 million , up from $ 122.7 million for the previous year . 
The year-ago results have been restated to comply with government regulations . 
Northrup King Co. , Golden Valley , Minn. , awarded its $ 4 million field-crop-seeds account to Creswell , Munsell , Fultz & Zirbel , a Cedar Rapids , Iowa , division of Young & Rubicam . 
And this week , the industry 's efforts will go national for the first time when it unveils a $ 7 million advertising campaign . 
The December contract opened just under Monday 's close , triggered some previously placed buy orders just above $ 1,030 a metric ton , pushing the price to $ 1,040 , and then encountered heavy selling by traders who buy and sell for their own accounts and by commercial interests . 
Many computer network users who never see news wires would like to sort through their electronic mail automatically . 
That 's usually how long it takes for the temblors to pass . 
With the market down , we wanted to tell people to put their orders in on the opening . '' 
The actors wear pained expressions to indicate their genuine longing for a little one -- or maybe they 're not-so-subtly commenting on the inadequacy of the script , and Jonathan Kaplan 's ( `` The Accused '' ) dull direction . 
`` Obviously , there are quantitative limitations on the assistance we can provide , '' concedes Baron David de Rothschild , `` but we feel we have some cards to play . '' 
Christian legislators are insisting on a Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon before agreeing to political changes giving the nation 's Moslems a greater role in Beirut 's government . 
Revenue was $ 613.7 million , up 18 % from $ 521.2 million a year ago . 
A surprising 78 % of people said they exercise regularly , up from 73 % in 1981 . 
Stan Hathcock , an Atlanta garage owner who opposes a longer warranty , estimates that the current plan costs him as much as $ 15,000 a year in lost business . 
A report issued late yesterday by Standard & Poor 's Corp. concluded the quake wo n't cause `` wide-scale credit deterioration '' for issuers and debt issues in the 12-county area of Northern California affected by the quake . 
The IRS had demanded $ 90 million but Mr. Hunt would agree to no more than $ 60 million . 
Large U.S. companies are interested in other segments of the HDTV business , such as signal-processing and broadcast equipment . 
But those holders are often foreign investors and tax-exempt pension funds that do n't pay taxes on their holdings . 
His lawyer could not be reached for comment . 
Chase had purchased an option to buy the building at One New York Plaza for an undisclosed sum from the late Sol Atlas as part of its original lease in 1970 . 
Valley National closed yesterday at $ 24.25 a share , down $ 1 , in national over-the-counter trading . 
Mr. Ciavarella has rejected a few prospective tenants who provided `` incomplete '' financial information and acknowledges that illegitimate operators `` are not easily detectable . 
Upset over the use of what it says are its exclusive trademarks , Hells Angels Motorcycle Corp. is fighting back -- in court . 
He 's had other brushes with the law . 
The Fed has been intervening in foreign currency markets , all right , but through August , at least , it appeared to be `` sterilizing '' the intervention . 
As he sums it up : `` We are listening to the market . '' 
An AP-Dow Jones survey of integrated oil companies , independent refiners , and oil industry consultants indicates that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries increased its production to 22.2 million barrels a day in September . 
Kodak entered the high-definition television market by unveiling a device that can convert conventional film into high-definition video . 
Mr. Pilson is an unlikely big spender . 
It would bring 13 gas fields into production at a combined rate of about 1.2 billion cubic feet a day . 
Tanks currently are defined as armored vehicles weighing 25 tons or more that carry large guns . 
He will also remain a director , US Facilities said , but wo n't serve on any board committees . 
For now , defense attorneys are tight-lipped about their plans . 
American Cyanamid Co. -- 1,250,000 common shares , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Microsoft and other software stocks surged , leading the Nasdaq composite index of over-the-counter stocks to its biggest advance of the year on breathtaking volume . 
Mr. Thomson , a tall , Scottish-born , right-hand hitter , stepped into the batter 's box . 
While the proposal won a slight majority , the 51-48 vote was well short of the two-thirds needed to approve changes in the Constitution . 
Meson Investment Ltd. , a Vancouver , B.C.-based investment firm , said it raised its stake in Verit Industries to 8.9 % of the common shares outstanding . 
`` The suggestion itself may do the healing . '' 
The operator of cable-television networks said the new Turner Pictures unit will produce movies that will premiere on Turner Broadcasting 's Turner Network Television channel , or TNT , and then will be released internationally in movie theaters . 
But interest instead decreased . 
Council member Cardinal Gerald Carter of Toronto told Vatican Radio : `` Now that we say we covered our deficit this year , people are going to relax and say well that 's fine , the Holy See is out of the hole . 
The cash payout will be reduced by 40 % of any amount by which the weighted mean price of Ramada 's common stock exceeds $ 14 on the day the transaction closes . 
They 'd determine where parents could store their kids during the day , and they 'd regulate the storage facilities . 
Such steep drops in a category seen as a barometer of business investment would customarily be grave news for the economy . 
For the 43 million people with disabilities and their families , this legislation is the `` Emancipation Proclamation . '' 
Combustion Engineering , which provides engineered products , systems and services for power generation , also sold Illinois Minerals Co. , based in Cairo , Ill . 
`` They seem to like these industrial parks , '' says Kacy McClelland , a postal inspector who specializes in mail fraud . 
Revenue rose 95 % to $ 86.4 million from $ 44.3 million the year earlier . 
Fannie Mae 's 9 % issue was at 98 7\/32 , up 1\/8 . 
Yesterday , American Medical said that the two other parties told the company that they do n't have any current intention of making a takeover bid . 
Credit analysts said investors are nervous about the issue because they say the company 's ability to meet debt payments is dependent on too many variables , including the sale of assets and the need to mortgage property to retire some existing debt . 
RESIDENTIAL builders , faced with a more competitive market , are turning to a traditional consumer marketing technique to establish brand-name identity . 
Back in the Soviet Union she was a respected journalist , writing a weekly column about the national cuisine for Sunday Izvestia . 
Like other major American cities , the San Francisco -- Oakland area owes its current prosperity more to its infrastructure of fiber-optic cables linking thousands of computer terminals and telephones than to its location astride one of the world 's great natural harbors . 
Compare the Bush request to what the Senators gave themselves : 
Put on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 105 to yield 4.80 % . 
Owings , Md . 
Craig Torres and Anne Newman contributed to this article . 
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : $ 15.6 billion three-month and six-month bills . 
How could CBS get pushed into outbidding itself ? 
`` It 's certainly discrimination , '' says attorney Evan Wolfson , whose group forced Trans World Airlines this year to change a rule that allowed travelers to transfer frequent flier awards only to family members . 
Shortly before that , USAir had said its third-quarter results would be `` significantly lower '' than a year earlier . 
Trinova closed at $ 25 , down $ 1 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Is there any empirical support for this theory ? 
The action follows Federal Express Corp. 's acquisition of Flying Tiger Line Inc. in August . 
Ten minutes later , it was done . 
The left-of-center Social Democrats and the environmental Greens party posted mixed results . 
`` A very striking illusion , '' Mr. Hyman says now , his voice dripping with skepticism , `` but an illusion nevertheless . '' 
But a secondary agenda among officials in the City of Angels was to learn about the disaster-contingency plans that work and those that do n't . 
`` I do n't think it will lead to any chaos in the secondary market , '' says Mr. Patel , `` only a sagging tendency . '' 
They told her , ` We do n't hire fat people and we do n't hire cripples . 
Per-share earnings advanced 14 % because of the buy-back . 
Lack of important , needed information can cause fear . 
One hundred and ninety two former greats , near greats , hardly knowns and unknowns begin a 72-game , three-month season in spring-training stadiums up and down Florida . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 12\/32 to yield 7.90 % compared with 102 7\/32 to yield 7.92 % Monday . 
`` We have n't decided on a strategy yet , but we could become an independent producer depending on whether we 're the developer or just the supplier , '' says Theodore Stern , executive vice president of the company 's energy and utility systems group . 
Yields on municipal bonds can be higher than after-tax yields on CDs for maturities of perhaps one to five years . 
There are about $ 10 million of 7 % bonds priced at 99 1\/4 to yield 7.081 % in 2004 ; about $ 15 million of 7 % bonds priced at 98 1\/2 to yield 7.145 % in 2008 ; about $ 88.35 million of 7 % bonds priced at 97 1\/4 to yield 7.227 % in 2018 ; and about $ 15 million of 6 3\/4 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2019 . 
The securities are rated triple-A by Moody 's and Duff & Phelps Inc . 
The year-on-year rise was partly because of higher demand for petroleum products , and partly because of tax changes in 1988 that left oil companies with high inventories in the late-summer\/early-FALL PERIOD . 
It would allow all defendants to introduce statistical evidence showing racially disproportionate application of the death penalty in the past . 
It turns out Mr. Friend 's client , Machelle Parks of Cincinnati , did n't like the way defense attorney Tom Alexander acted during the legal proceedings . 
And in a business system where shareholders have few rights and expect only modest dividends , companies can plow their profits back into plant and equipment . 
Yesterday 's selling began after a Japanese news agency reported that Japanese banks , which balked at the first bid , were ready to reject a revised version at around $ 250 a share , or $ 5.65 billion . 
Given the seismic history of the Bay Area , `` it seems to me that a 6.9 earthquake is a foreseeable event . '' 
What could imply more safety than investing in government bonds ? 
The House agreed to defer for a year a scheduled 50 % increase in the required state matching funds for law-enforcement grants but , by a 287-123 margin , the chamber stripped a Senate initiative to raise the minimum grant for smaller states , such as New Hampshire and Delaware , to $ 1.6 million from $ 500,000 . 
White Males 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
`` There 's still a lot of pressure on rates in both rail and truck , '' said Gerard McCullough , lecturer in transportation at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
ESB directors warmly accepted , but a whirlwind bidding match ensued . 
The machine began shipping at the end of last year . 
The company earned $ 6.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
Even if the Japanese find Soviet technology desirable , such discussions would be fraught with political complications . 
In following several other oil and gas partnerships that have made the conversion to a corporation in the last year , NRM also noted that tax advantages for partnerships have diminished under new tax laws and said it would save $ 2 million a year in administrative costs from the change . 
Although the Tiger acquisition has brought Federal a long way toward becoming the global player it wants to be , it also has brought problems . 
The average maturity of the taxable funds that Donoghue 's follows increased by two days in the latest week to 40 days , its longest since August . 
And among domestic programs , the most serious threat is White House opposition to abortion riders attached to separate bills funding the District of Columbia and Department of Health and Human Services . 
It also would create a new IRA that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
She manages it with the title of general-director . 
They pay interest only for 115 months , with principal payments beginning thereafter . 
Now , Jerusalem says it is backing up its contention with detailed accounts of alleged terrorist acts and plans linked to Mr. Arafat . 
The issues are also thought to be important to the FCC 's new chairman , Alfred Sikes , a former AM broadcaster in his native Missouri . 
But it paled by comparison to what Sony was to offer last month : the chance , at last , to run a major studio , about $ 50 million in deferred compensation , up to 10 % of Columbia 's future cash flow , 8 % of the future appreciation of Columbia 's market value , and annual salaries of $ 2.7 million for each . 
The new argument over the notification guideline , however , could sour any atmosphere of cooperation that existed . 
The Tiger merger agreement stipulated that the lists be combined on the basis of tenure . 
With support from the IRS , Manufacturers Hanover has filed suit asking Judge Abramson to subordinate Minpeco 's claim to those of Manufacturer Hanover and the IRS . 
But success overseas in unfamiliar markets could be trickier than for other industries such as manufacturers . 
Moody 's Investors Service said it lowered its rating on about $ 75 million of this Chatsworth , Calif. , concern 's convertible subordinated debentures , due 2012 , to Caa from B2 . 
One senior administration official called the guideline `` outrageous '' and said it could make U.S. operatives reluctant to even listen to coup plans for fear they may get into legal trouble . 
P&G , in fact , is noted for gaining market leadership by introducing products that offer a technical edge over the competition . 
To make the books balance , as is required by law , somebody invented a new budget line item that simply subtracted $ 45 billion . 
`` I went out to Todd { Burns , the A 's reliever } and told him that we were n't gon na let this guy beat us , '' said Oakland catcher Terry Steinbach of the decisive confrontation with Mitchell , the National League 's reigning home-run king . 
For example , one parakeet owner returning home found that her apartment , like many others in the Marina , did n't have heat . 
Net income was down from a year ago , when a gain from the restructuring of a retirement plan boosted earnigs . 
Yet much of the political culture seems intent on castigating the Bush administration for not `` helping '' Mr. Gorbachev . 
Results for the 1988 quarter included a gain of $ 1.05 a share from sale of the Reda Pump and Oilwell Cable units , partly offset by a charge of 69 cents a share for recall of faulty truck steering systems . 
The center improves the community image to outsiders as well , and may help to arrest , or even reverse , the exodus of capital and investment . 
Sir Richard succeeds John Plastow , who resigned in July . 
But this could be a case where we all might go broke if it is n't fixed . 
He claimed losses totaling $ 42,455 -- and the IRS denied them all . 
The blasts blew out windows , spewed debris for miles and crumpled the ceiling in an area elementary school . 
EMC manufactures data-storage systems for mainframes and minicomputers . 
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 100 million from $ 81.6 million . 
`` So what if you miss 50 tanks somewhere ? '' asks Rep. Norman Dicks ( D. , Wash. ) , a member of the House group that visited the talks in Vienna . 
The researchers reported they have been able to pluck the five genes that produced the toxin out of the pertussis bacterium . 
Aftershocks could intervene . 
An additional 500 million marks in credit-backing was promised by the West German state governments of Bavaria and Baden-Wuerttemberg . 
Many Indians fear a repeat of that experience . 
EC inflation was seen at 4.8 % in 1989 , higher than 1988 's 3.6 % price rise . 
Return on this fine portfolio has been modest when it has not been negative . 
`` There are too many people participating , '' says Al Ries , of Trout & Ries , a Greenwich , Conn. , marketing consulting firm . 
But it appears that many Journal readers were taking that news as a sign to be cautious , rather than a signal to jump on the bandwagon . 
Control Data said it expects its first RISC-based mainframe machine to be introduced next year . 
In April , Hoechst , the largest producer of CFCs in West Germany , said it wanted to reduce production of the product by 50 % by 1993 . 
The 1980s have spawned an explosion of consumer choice in America , in everything from phone companies to colas . 
He is our most dangerous enemy . 
`` These bugs do n't affect our schedule at all , '' he said . 
Including those , he contends , who put about $ 1 million into the kitty for the Connecticut Association of Concerned Veterans and the Vietnam Veterans Service Center . 
Traditional standards of relevancy and importance ( `` is this something the public ought to know '' ) will be replaced by a much broader test ( `` is this something the public is interested in knowing '' ) . 
Although many experts are advising risk , no one has a good answer for you if the risk does n't pay off . 
`` I would hope very much that we would n't end up in a kind of situation where you have a bidding war and then a veto threat . '' 
The Polish fund would be seeded with $ 160 million , the Hungarian fund with $ 40 million . 
Volume totaled 11,820,000 shares . 
Mr. Miller , who has been a Coda director , also was named chief executive officer , succeeding Ted Eubank , who remains president and chief operating officer . 
All have a fiveyear earnings growth rate of more than 20 % a year . 
Motorola 's Austin operation was one of the first to lose patience , deciding a few years ago to junk any bulk mail that was n't addressed to an individual . 
And IBM is n't expected to deliver a new generation of mainframes until 1991 . 
Loral Corp. said it received a $ 325 million order from Turkey 's Ministry of Defense , the largest contract the company ever has received . 
Fierce bidding for young employees in Hong Kong is pushing up Cathay 's labor costs by 20 % a year for low-level staff , while experienced , skilled employees are leaving the colony as part of the brain drain . 
The August deficit and the # 2.2 billion gap registered in July are topped only by the # 2.3 billion deficit of October 1988 . 
Chamberlain Manufacturing Corp. won a $ 25.8 million Army contract for 155mm artillery shell casings . 
Sotheby 's vice president Diana Levitt says the auction house has been `` assisting '' Mr. Paul in selling the paintings . 
But analysts estimate their trading profit at # 30 million . 
Defense Secretary Dick Cheney and most senators contend that the Navy 's F-14 is too expensive in an era of shrinking Pentagon budgets . 
While under the control of federal regulators , Independent American 's net worth dropped from $ 75 million to a negative $ 400 million , wiping out the value of Mr. Gaubert 's real estate contribution and his stock in the institution . 
The third principal in the South Gardens adventure did have garden experience . 
Two reform-minded party leaders favored by Moscow as possible successors to Mr. Honecker , Dresden party secretary Hans Modrow and Politburo member Guenter Schabowski , were passed over . 
The package `` provides a temporary , golden parachute for Grumman , '' according to one congressional aide familiar with the closed-door bargaining . 
General Motors Corp. and Ford Motor Co. are now going head to head in the markets for shares of Jaguar PLC , as GM got early clearance from the Federal Trade Commission to boost its stake in the British luxury car maker . 
The new deal was considered the most generous of its kind , both financially and in terms of creative freedom . 
Mr. Taylor also was named a director , increasing the board to 22 , but is not part of the new office of the chairman . 
Among the takeover-related stocks that sold off yesterday were Disney , which closed down 2 1\/8 to 121 1\/4 . 
Barry R. Ostrager , an attorney for Travelers , said , `` there are procedural bases on which this case will be appealed further . '' 
Ms. Garratt sued the Dallas apparel maker earlier this year , charging that Jerell developed and marketed clothing lines fashioned after her designs , in violation of their contract . 
Conservative Republicans will be given the choice of supporting or fighting their party 's popular president in an election year . 
Paul H. Aloe , an attorney for Odeon owner Keith McNally , denied the allegations . 
Both the SUNY team and researchers at the National Magnet Laboratory in Cambridge , Mass. , are working with more potent magnetic brain stimulators . 
Separately , Fannie Mae issued $ 400 million of Remic mortgage securities in 12 classes through First Boston Corp . 
Economists , businessmen and some politicians agree that the answer is an orthodox economic austerity program including reduced state spending ; focusing spending on vital areas such as education , health and welfare ; turning state companies private ; reforming the tax system , raising public service rates to match costs ; and possibly a temporary wage and price freeze and a devaluation of the cruzado . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
But for those Californians who want exotic gardens out front where neighbors can appreciate them , there 's always Harold Smith 's approach . 
Michael late yesterday announced a $ 3.8 million stock buy-back program . 
`` There is a reality to the excess energy , '' he said . 
Despite the thin trading , and after two painful years of restructuring , the futures market has shown itself to be resilient in two recent tests . 
In its ruling , the NRC said that because Seabrook will be allowed to charge rates sufficient to run the plant and make payments on past construction costs , consideration of the owners ' financial condition is pointless . 
Mr. Lorenzo told reporters the reorganization Eastern is pursuing would create a carrier 85 % to 90 % of the size of the pre-bankruptcy Eastern . 
`` I 'm ecstatic about the change , '' said Mr. Vila , whose new syndicated program is called `` Home Again with Bob Vila . '' 
A company spokesman said the decision to eliminate the dividend resulted from a quarterly appraisal and that circumstances had changed since the December announcement . 
Assuming modern audiences readily understand that Moliere 's social indictment covers their world as well as 17th-century Paris , Mr. Wilbur concentrated his formidable artistry on rendering the Alexandrine French verse into sprightly and theatrical English iambic pentameter . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had n't affected its computers or the computers of other government agencies because they had modified their systems to reject worms . 
The troubled savings-and-loan industry and subsequent stress in real-estate businesses fueled bankruptcies in this sector , D&B said . 
I have plenty more at home . '' 
The International Monetary Fund and the World Bank are expected to provide approximately $ 180 million to help support the deal , and additional funds are expected from Japan . 
Second , they are liquid . 
The State of Wisconsin Investment Board , which owned about 7 % of the company 's voting stock , worked with management to devise a time-limited poison pill . 
The effect is that lawsuits that might have been barred because they were filed too late could proceed because of the one-year extension . 
The Big Three auto makers already have slashed fourth-quarter production plans 10.4 % below year-ago levels , but that may not be enough to prevent inventories from ballooning if sales do n't improve . 
Then , using a new technique ( called homologous recombination ) for introducing genes into cells , they transferred all five genes to bacteria closely related to the pertussis organism . 
In the wake of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's surprise resignation and sterling 's subsequent nose-dive , most analysts had little good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects . 
After all , he says , `` we 've got like 15 million bureaucrats . '' 
It also intends to set up an international wholesale market with the Singapore government next May and to open a department store in Bangkok and shopping centers in Malaysia , Taiwan , Canada , Chicago and Seattle by December 1990 . 
Mr. Noriega became an even greater threat in 1976 , when U.S. intelligence services discovered that he had been buying recordings of electronically monitored conversations from three sergeants working for the U.S. Army 's 470th Military Intelligence Group . 
So , as the Old Crowd toppled from the branch , it should n't have been too surprised . 
Meanwhile , like many other oil companies hurt by less-profitable downstream businesses , Mobil Corp. , Shell Oil Co. and Chevron Corp. reported lower quarterly earnings . 
Edward O'Brien , president of the Securities Industry Association , said that the securities-industry trade group opposes the bill as it is written but that it is `` hopeful a compromise can be reached to achieve the SEC 's goals . '' 
The Senate convicted federal Judge Alcee Hastings of Miami of eight impeachment articles , removing him from the bench . 
Weeds push up through the cracks in the sidewalks , and many houses and storefronts are empty . 
Exchange officials reasoned that they would n't have been able to make such a rotation with the time remaining Friday afternoon , and with the stock-index futures on the verge of closing for a second and final time , the CBOE reasoned that its best course was to remain closed . 
Coca-Cola Enterprises blamed the lower volume on its soft-drink prices , which were about 3 % higher in the third quarter . 
In more evidence of the growing division between `` good '' and `` bad '' junk bonds , a $ 150 million issue by Imo Industries Inc. was snapped up by investors while underwriters for Beatrice Co. 's $ 350 million issue are considering restructuring the deal to attract buyers . 
Yet , he asserts , `` you look around ... and you say , ` Who are the leaders ? 
While she is wondering whether to live it up , and do something even more dramatic , say get married , her life is further complicated by the reappearance of an old flame , David , a film critic and actor who always seems to be just on the brink of stardom . 
`` I think we 're making progress . '' 
Such centrifugal egg breakers have been around since the 1890s . 
The directors ' action , taken Oct. 10 but announced Friday , had little or no effect on the company 's stock , which stagnated at $ 4.75 in light over-the-counter trading . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 11\/16 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
Mr. Breeden contended that discretionary power could have an impact on the markets if rumors were to circulate about when the exchanges might be closed . 
And even some pro-union pilots say his charisma and popularity among the many former military fliers could be tough to beat . 
Batch processing is the high-volume , single-job data processing that most mainframes typically chug through at night , such as updating accounts at banks . 
As a result , Morgan Stanley 's Index of 40 Emerging Growth Stocks -- most of which are in the OTC market -- is up only 13 % for the year , while the Dow Jones Industrial Average has leaped 24 % and the S&P 500 has grown 25 % . 
These consist of current interest bonds due 1990-2002 , 2010 and 2015 , and capital appreciation bonds due 2003 and 2004 , tentatively priced to yield from 5.75 % in 1990 to 7.14 % in 2010 . 
He also noted that a strong sterling market yesterday might have helped cocoa in New York as arbitragers took advantage of the currency move . 
Mr. Mehl attributed the rise specifically to the Treasury bill increase . 
Francis Dang , 41 , is alleged to have been involved in cheating Drexel Burnham Lambert of up to 2.1 million Singapore dollars ( US$ 1.1 million ) by carrying out unauthorized transactions on the London Commodities Exchange and the International Petroleum Exchange . 
Despite warnings from such leaders as former Federal Reserve Board Chairman William McChesney Martin that unfixed commissions would undo the industry , the SEC in September 1973 said full competition must start May l , 1975 . 
But value , it turns out , is only what a buyer will pay . 
The president specifically mentioned U.S. economic advice to Moscow as a possible topic . 
Pre-trial polling helps the consultants develop a profile of the right type of juror . 
142.43 yen , up 0.73 ; 1.8578 marks , up 0.0108 . 
Prices closed mixed as contracts reacted to largely offsetting bullish and bearish news . 
Daffynition 
The American Trade Consortium says it is planning to ship some $ 500 million of consumer goods , financed by bank credits , in the first few months of next year . 
Among the other high-yielding funds , Fidelity 's Spartan Fund had a seven-day compound yield of 9.33 % in the latest week . 
In February , Mr. Thornburgh announced his plan to abolish the units . 
We recall that the mayor of Charleston complained bitterly about the federal bureaucracy 's response to Hurricane Hugo . 
Robert L. Wood , 37-year-old chief financial officer , was named chairman and chief executive officer of this independent power producer , succeeding Raymond L. Hixson , 63 . 
The buyer was GE Capital Railcar Services , Chicago , a major owner of railway equipment and part of the GE Capital operations . 
The statistics follow a year-on-year rebound in consolidated and unconsolidated results in the full fiscal year ended in March 1989 , recovering from dismal results in the prior fiscal year as a result of the October 1987 stock market crash . 
To maintain exclusivity of that designer line , it is n't labeled with the Maidenform name . 
So the producers went to Capitol Hill , where a congressman from Georgia introduced a measure to ban centrifugal egg-breaking machines . 
Terms were n't disclosed , but Duriron said the deal will be completed through an exchange of stock . 
The suit seeks unspecified damages . 
Coal earnings rose to $ 26 million from $ 21 million . 
Among major domestic agencies , the Environmental Protection Agency stands to receive increases significantly beyond those sought by the administration , with pollution abatement and control accounts growing by 14 % to about $ 829.9 million . 
Mr. Spiegelman is professor of English at Southern Methodist University and editor of the Southwest Review . 
Their report galvanized other molecular biologists . 
As part of his image polishing , Mr. Krenz is expected to take modest steps toward reform to rebuild confidence among the people and reassert the party 's authority . 
In the year-ago quarter , net totaled $ 14.7 million , or 38 cents a share , including $ 4 million , or 10 cents a share , reflecting a tax-loss carry-forward . 
Platinum is believed to have good support around $ 480 and palladium at around $ 130 . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is Mr. Boyd 's first directorial assignment as the theater 's new artistic director . 
He says , `` Within a few weeks , we made deals with the government of Rwanda and everyone who had ever met or talked to Dian Fossey . 
But to avoid the risk of rejection , the group does n't plan to submit the plan formally at a UAL board meeting today . 
Bolar Pharmaceutical Co. posted the largest volume increase , 552,302 shares , to 2,157,656 . 
This hardly sounds like an anti-homosexual screed . 
It compares the position of key words in the story ; words in the headline or first paragraph get a higher value . 
Mr. Falco continues to rank the stock a longterm buy . 
That 's largely because of defensive measures they adopted after the 1987 crash , when individual investors fled the market and trading activity dwindled . 
Overall , Mr. Gillett 's holding company , Gillett Holdings , is heavily indebted and , except for its Vail Mountain resorts , is n't doing very well . 
Utilities are a classic example : Even in recessions , people continue to use electric power , water and gas at a fairly steady rate . 
The officials said that most Japanese banks prefer the losses they 'd suffer in either of the latter options to the risk of new lending . 
Time Warner 's operating earnings got a boost from Warner 's record box-office results . 
`` It 's been a spectacular year for the emerging growth stock investor , '' Mr. Weisberg said . 
Both issues are dated Oct. 31 . 
The apparent crash became top secret , and the alien creatures went away upset with the rude ways of human beings . 
Although it is not the first company to produce the thinner drives , which store information in personal computers , MiniScribe says it is the first with an 80-megabyte drive ; the company plans to introduce a 120-megabyte drive next year . 
Bond prices were little changed in sluggish activity . 
Despite politicians ' hand-wringing about the federal budget , the government ended fiscal 1989 with a $ 152.08 billion deficit , about the same as the two previous years . 
One of the largest law firms in central New Jersey has been created through the merger of Norris , McLaughlin & Marcus , a 41-lawyer firm , and Manger , Kalison , McBride & Webb , a health-care specialty law firm with 14 lawyers . 
Transamerica expects an after-tax charge of less than $ 3 million against fourth-quarter net ; Hartford Insurance Group , a unit of ITT Corp. , expects a $ 15 million or 10 cents after-tax charge ; and Fireman 's Fund Corp. expects a charge of no more than $ 50 million before taxes and after using its reinsurance . 
Some analysts suggest , however , that the ratio has weakened in value as an indicator because options and other products can be used to hedge short positions . 
Mr. Seidman told the committee that the Resolution Trust Corp. , the agency created to sell sick thrifts , has studied Lincoln 's examination reports by former regulators dating back to 1986 . 
B. Dan Pinick , president of Boeing Aerospace and Electronics , will become president of the new group , which will become operational Jan. 2 . 
Bonds due 2003 , 2004 and 2015 are n't being formally reoffered . 
Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal care businesses , which include such well-known brands as Colgate toothpaste and Fab laundry detergent , jumped more than 40 % , the company said . 
Revenue rose 34 % to $ 410 million from $ 306.6 million a year earlier . 
Along with `` Show Boat , '' `` Great Performances '' kicks off its new season with this Lincoln Center production of Thornton Wilder 's best known play , in which the role of the small-town Stage Manager is given a hip twist by performance artist Spalding Gray . 
`` There 's no feed , '' he says . 
They are all priced at par . 
Yet his co-defendant in the case -- also a former military officer by the name of Oliver North -- has been busily and profitably burnishing his involvement in the affair . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Beatrice Co. -- 
Since trading as low as $ 42.25 a share in May , Federal 's shares have rallied as high as $ 57.87 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
An ebullient Kenneth Iverson , Nucor 's chairman , says the company 's plant eventually will make a ton of steel in 1.5 man hours , compared with four to six man hours at a conventional mill . 
He had been associate professor in the department of finance at Seton Hall University . 
Swedish rolling-steel and ball-bearing group AB SKF said its pretax profit rose 78 % to 1.78 billion kronor ( $ 278 million ) in the first nine months from one billion kronor ( $ 156 million ) in the corresponding period a year earlier . 
Albert Lee , a veteran trader who specializes in machinery sales , estimates that as many as 70 % of projects that had obtained approval to proceed have been canceled in recent months . 
Aside from exploring plans for joint ventures or acquisitions , Mr. Lippens has called top managers of companies rumored as potential raiders -- among them , Axa-Midi , Union des Assurances de Paris and Suez , all based in France . 
S.A. brewing would make a takeover offer for all of Bell Resources if it exercises the option , according to the commission . 
Hibernia Corp. , a New Orleans bank holding company , will join the Big Board Thursday under HIB . 
Tokyo stocks closed firmer Monday , with the Nikkei index making its fifth consecutive daily gain . 
But let us not confuse profits of big business masquerading as concerns for people 's health care or for the cost . 
Mr. Fournier said Navigation Mixte 's 1989 unconsolidated , or parent-company , profit is likely to be 4.7 billion francs ( $ 754.4 million ) , up from 633.8 million francs last year . 
During the third quarter , the company charged about $ 46 million against earnings in reducing goodwill , added $ 20 million to its general loan loss reserves and established a $ 30 million reserve for its high-yield bond portfolio . 
But last year Hitachi Ltd. surprised Japan 's electronics industry when it accused Korea 's Samsung Electronics Co. of using Hitachi technology to make dynamic random-access memory chips . 
But when the Pemex plant shut down for an annual overhaul , it would never give notice to its customers . 
Mr. Brooks declined to give his age , but he said his leaving is a normal retirement . 
Still , miners from all parts of Namibia as well as professional staff from De Beers 's head offices in South Africa and London keep coming . 
Scott Greene , chief foreign exchange dealer with Julius Baer & Co. in New York , fits the description of a `` great dollar bear . '' 
One thing about the Bartlett plan was never in doubt : It would demand the full-time skills of a battalion of topiary barbers , rosarians , orchardists and arborists . 
There are seemingly endless twists to universal life , and it pays to ask questions about all of them . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
`` They were a sleeper . 
A spokeswoman said shipments of truck engines , which provide a higher margin than most of the company 's other products , declined 16 % from a year earlier . 
U.S. Memories is seeking major investors to back its attempt to crack the $ 10 billion market for dynamic random access memory chips , a market dominated by the Japanese . 
The California thrift has just announced a $ 226 million third-quarter loss . 
But unofficially , senior navy officials sharply criticize the Rafale as an air force plane ill-suited to carrier use . 
Margins in the fiscal fourth quarter perked up , rising to 51 % from 49.2 % a year earlier . 
Harley has said it does n't intend to be acquired by the Glazer group or any other party . 
NASAA estimates that nearly 90 % of planners receive some or all of their income from sales commissions on securities , insurance and other financial products they recommend . 
The poll conducted by the Roper Organization interviewed 2,002 adults age 18 and older from July 7 to July 15 , 1989 . 
The U.S. plan also would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by allowing some countries to convert non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
Small models , whose performance increased as much as 46 % , will carry higher prices . 
Barring any petroleum-related news events , trading in the days ahead should further test recent projections by oil economists and other market watchers that strong fourth-quarter demand will keep prices firm . 
Never . '' 
He has a built-in , constant longing for lower interest rates . 
Raytheon Co. was issued a $ 19.2 million Air Force contract for support of the Milstar communications satellite . 
`` They are always the first to be sold when people are taking profits , because people are most scared of the high-technology stocks , '' said Robin West , director of research for Ladenburg Thalmann 's Lanyi division , which specializes in emerging growth stocks . 
Legent Corp. said it expects to report net income between $ 6.4 million and $ 6.9 million , or between 32 cents and 34 cents a share , for its fourth quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
Revenue fell 12.7 % to $ 596.8 million from $ 684 million , although some of the decline was caused by discontinued operations . 
Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group reported a 12 % increase in net income in the third quarter , led by a 43 % gain in its financial services group . 
Whitbread already has been approached by `` about half a dozen '' companies interested in buying all or part of the spirits business , a spokesman said . 
Revenue increased 6.5 % to $ 42.25 billion from $ 39.68 billion . 
Third-quarter net income at Texaco rose to $ 305 million from $ 274 million last year . 
He charges the city 's critics with spreading `` unfounded emotional rhetoric . '' 
Revenue dropped 4.3 % to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.4 billion , reflecting declines in its consumer-telephone sector , long-distance carrier business and diversified division . 
Some auto executives believe the benefits of more choice outweigh the drawbacks . 
The deposits , assets and certain liabilities of the three thrifts were transferred to newly chartered federal mutual institutions . 
COCA-COLA Co . ( Atlanta ) -- 
`` It 's an overwhelming job , '' she says . 
But traders who risk money handling big blocks of stock were shaken . 
In particular , they criticize the timing , coming as it does on the heels of Sony Corp. 's controversial purchase of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc . 
Seven Japanese department-store groups were approached by investment bankers representing Bloomingdale 's chairman , Marvin Traub , and more than half are seeking additional information on the group , bankers say . 
When notoriously independent-minded Navigation Mixte Chairman Marc Fournier rejected Paribas 's offer and began buying Paribas shares in retaliation , Mr. Francois-Poncet said , he felt obliged to bid for control . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , Comprehensive Care shares plunged $ 3.625 to close at $ 4.75 on volume of 1,177,000 shares . 
`` We backed this bill because we thought it would help Skinner , '' one Republican said , `` and now we 're out there dangling in the wind . '' 
First , generalize . 
The put establishes a minimum selling price for the stock during its life . 
They 're very friendly . '' 
A woman in a three-story apartment was able to walk out the window of the third floor onto street level after the quake . 
Sun Microsystems Inc. , snapping back to profitability after its first quarterly loss as a public firm , said it earned $ 5.2 million , or seven cents a share , in the fiscal first quarter . 
Tenders for the bills , available in minimum $ 10,000 denominations , must be received by 1 p.m. EST Monday at the Treasury or at Federal Reserve banks or branches . 
`` I expect to see the demand exceed supply for Fujis for the next 10 to 15 years , '' he adds . 
But such tactics were alien to Switzerland in 1976 , and still are n't common because of share restrictions that companies are allowed to maintain . 
Craig Torres contributed to this article . 
The plan provides for the distribution of one common stock-purchase right as a dividend for each share of common outstanding . 
The carrier has n't yet turned a profit . 
L.J. Hooker , based in Atlanta , filed for Chapter 11 protection in August and has also announced its intention to sell its B. Altman & Co. department store chain . 
Moreover , the company , whose go-it-alone approach nearly proved fatal , now sees alliances with others as the way back to prosperity in what it calls `` the data solutions '' business . 
Morgenzon has long been a special domain of Afrikanerdom . 
Despite recent declines in interest rates , money funds continue to offer better yields than other comparable investments . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 11\/16 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 5\/8 % near closing bid , 8 11\/16 % offered . 
`` General Foods 's relationships with its agencies are based on the agencies ' work , and will continue to be , '' said David Hurwitt , a vice president of Kraft General Foods . 
ATHLONE INDUSTRIES Inc. said that on Dec. 21 it will redeem $ 10 million face amount of its $ 59.3 million of 15.625 % subordinated notes outstanding , due June 1 , 1991 . 
In this case , the Members outdid themselves . 
First Interstate made the move under pressure from regulators . 
The embryo had progressed only to a clump of eight identical cells . 
HHS Secretary Sullivan estimates that as much as 25 % of the medical procedures performed each year may be inappropriate or unnecessary . 
Fokker N.V . ( Netherlands ) -- 150 million Swiss francs of convertible bonds due Nov. 15 , 1997 , with a fixed 4 % coupon at par via Union Bank of Switzerland . 
ALAMCO Inc. said its board has approved a 1-for-10 reverse stock split . 
Douglas Stoneman , vice president of Shell Canada , noted that producers would prefer to avoid hearings into competing proposals that would lengthen the regulatory review process and bog down development . 
And federal insurance protected the bank 's 631,163 depositors . 
Ms. Raptopoulos said the settling of strikes in Canada and Mexico will have little effect on supplies of copper until early next year . 
Officials at Options Clearing Corp. , which processes all options trades for U.S. exchanges , said that the $ 50 million guarantee was unprecedented , but was necessary to help insure the integrity of the options markets . 
In fact , the entire population of the Bay Area had ended up with this dual role of actor and audience . 
He adds : `` We are now witnessing a slowdown which , if history is a guide , could persist for a while . '' 
Carr-Lowrey , a maker of glass bottles for the cosmetics and toiletries industries , had sales last year of about $ 40 million . 
It astounds me he can rationalize his self-righteous and greedy actions in Utah . 
MiniScribe Corp. , Longmont , Colo. , said it introduced a one-inch high , 80-megabyte hard disk drive that it hopes will prove popular with makers of high-performance laptop and portable computers . 
But survivors earn more . 
How interestingly clever of Robert Goldberg to use the form of pretend advocacy journalism to explain his perception of `` Days of Rage '' in his television critique ( Leisure & Arts , Sept 11 ) . 
They note that most of the new plants will come on line in 1992 , when the current import trade restraint program ends , which could result in more imports . 
In addition , 20 military police from the Presidio , a military base in San Francisco , are assisting with traffic control , and a Navy ship was moved from a naval station at Treasure Island near the Bay Bridge to San Francisco to help fight fires . 
`` We conclude , '' the two judges wrote , `` that laches is the sole bar to the issuance of an injunction . '' 
New Jersey , for example , was asked to accept $ 300,000 , but refused . 
Sales for the quarter rose 8.3 % to $ 1.79 billion , from $ 1.65 billion , with all three major product groups reporting gains . 
When he was through , the court members asked many questions , then the chairman said they would like to hear his manager 's side and talk to witnesses . 
JAILED AFRICAN-AMERICAN activist wins a battle against the 
Friday brings the final count on October auto sales . 
The Miami-based company 's stock fell $ 1.75 yesterday to $ 20.75 a share in heavy American Stock Exchange composite trading . 
But Mr. Stein said he is `` reasonably confident '' that earnings for the full year will exceed the $ 3.1 million , or 17 cents a share , in 1988 . 
Journalists and their families are constantly threatened as are the newspaper distribution outlets . 
But they did n't lose touch with the U.S. issuers . 
The Chinese leader , Mr. Lee informed Mr. Bush , expressed some regret for what had happened in Beijing and conceded that China 's officials bore some responsibility . 
Under the Delaney clause , which applies to processed food , a chemical is banned if it causes cancer in laboratory animals . 
Books and software everywhere . 
The hotels and management interests will be sold at an auction , said John Rothman , president and chief executive officer of the trust and a director of the corporation . 
The Federal Housing Administration , Veterans Administration and the Department of Housing and Urban Development further aggravate the problem of affordable housing stock by `` buying in '' to their foreclosed properties ( of which there are , alas , many ) at an inflated `` balance due '' -- say $ 80,000 on a house worth $ 55,000 -- instead of allowing a free market to price the house for what it 's really worth . 
`` We have tried our best to tell the people in Bataan that maybe this time it will not go to them , but certainly we will do our best to encourage other investors to go to their province , '' Mrs. Aquino told Manila-based foreign correspondents . 
We 've actually read the speech . 
The transaction is subject to execution of a definitive purchase agreement and approval by various regulatory agencies , including the insurance departments of the states of Florida and Indiana , the company said . 
Advancing issues outnumbered decliners 542 to 362 , while 208 issues were unchanged . 
Mr. Wolf urged all employees to `` now turn their full attention '' to operating the airline . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Morrison gained $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 . 
The panels are like oversized semiconductors surfaced with a million or more picture elements , each contributing to the color and tone of a TV image . 
The loan is backed by Healthcare 's 5.4 % stake in HealthVest and interest in certain facilities . 
In Tuesday 's gyrating session , the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell by 80 points early in the day , but finished with less than a four-point loss . 
The businessmen are introduced to potential agents and distributors and instructed in trade procedures . 
TWO COMPANIES plan to market a new chip with ceramic circuits that store data even when the power is off . 
`` I 'd be destroying myself , '' replies Mr. Korotich , who then asks , `` What would that accomplish ? 
The Los Angeles-based bank holding company disclosed last Friday that it had taken a huge $ 350 million provision for loan losses at the Arizona bank , the result of the state 's worsening real-estate market . 
Just yesterday , New Hampshire announced it made a $ 75,000 settlement with Drexel , a record-tying fine for a securities-law matter in that state . 
He will compensate with the guile learned from his years in the majors . 
A cross-state econometric investigation , furthermore , reveals that , holding other factors constant , the difference between a state 's major-party vote going to the Republican gubernatorial candidate and the Republican share of the lower state house is a positive function of the state tax rate . 
His Republican counterpart , Sen. Warren Rudman ( R. , N.H. ) , has used his position to wage a legislative war with the conservative board of the Legal Services Corp . 
`` It 's tabloid news from A to Z . '' 
Homerun = jonron . 
Even before Mr. Tonkin 's broadside , some large dealers said they were cutting inventories . 
The maximum allowable property holdings for insurance companies would be reduced to 10 % of their total asset value , down from 15 % currently . 
`` There is just a tremendous amount of uncertainty about what the effect , if any , of all this is , '' said John P. Uphoff , an analyst at Raymond James Associates Inc . 
McDonald 's Corp. said third-quarter earnings rose 14 % on a hefty sales gain , but domestic franchisees apparently did n't partake of the improvement . 
While Saatchi 's major agency networks -- Backer Spielvogel and Saatchi & Saatchi Advertising -- would be difficult for any ad firm to buy because of potential client conflicts , its smaller businesses are quite attractive . 
Chemical Banking Corp. -- 14 million common shares , via Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
`` I am only afraid that with Vietnam 's poor-quality products we ca n't compete with neighboring countries . 
But agreement aparently could n't be reached because of opposition from the states of Hamburg and Bremen , which are demanding more influence over the German Airbus operations and a better guarantee against job losses in the troubled Northern German region . 
Managing partners who responded to the survey typically spend over half their time supervising their firms ' day-to-day operations and just a little more than a third of their time practicing law . 
The solution devised by the professor was to hire six people who would mirror the actual jury demographically , sit in on the trial and report their reactions to him . 
One executive said an accord signed by the unsecured creditors of L.J. Hooker Corp. had frozen in place all of L.J. Hooker 's assets . 
Some say the best hope for the Mexicans is catching the eye of Japan by promoting the one industry the Japanese clearly like -- the border assembly plants , known as `` maquiladoras , '' which are open to 100 % foreign control . 
The U.S. should take care , however , that its own position in the country does not go down with him . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8470 marks , down from 1.8578 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , down from 142.43 yen late Friday . 
In an unusual display of openness , IBM also will be helping customers tie together operations that include lots of equipment made by IBM 's competitors . 
That is usually measured by the standard deviation , or divergence , of annual results from the average return over time . 
`` I am determined to get an apartment in three years , '' she says . 
`` You could see massive gyrations here because it 's such a thinly traded market , '' says Jonathan S. Paris , a vice president of European Investors Inc. , a New York investment-management firm . 
But by the time Solidarity took office in September , the damage was done . 
In the third quarter a year-earlier , the construction and engineering concern posted a loss of $ 51.2 million , or $ 4.68 a share . 
`` I assumed I was buying a CD as a CD , '' he says . 
France 's second-largest government-owned insurance company , Assurances Generales de France , has been building its own Navigation Mixte stake , currently thought to be between 8 % and 10 % . 
In addition to owning HBO , Time Warner owns American Television & Communications Inc. , the nation 's second largest cable operator after TCI . 
Mr. Peladeau says he is n't trying to catch up to Donnelley , which has annual sales of over $ 3 billion . 
He graduated near the top of his class , serving on the school law review with Richard Thornburgh , who went on to become governor of Pennsylvania and , now , U.S. Attorney General . 
His observations were taken seriously . 
Marginal operations and assets have been sold . 
One former executive says , `` Nobody wanted that deal inside USX except Dave Roderick , '' who was a hunting and fishing buddy of William L. Hutchison , chairman of Texas Oil & Gas . 
The company 's stock ended at $ 48.375 , up 25 cents in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
What is of much more importance to the Colombian economy than the supposed benefits of laundered drug money is higher prices for Colombia 's legitimate products . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera and government officials insist that foreigners will be limited to investing in secondary petroleum products . 
Sales for the third quarter increased 6.5 % to $ 1.51 billion from $ 1.42 billion . 
Duplicating research is both costly and time-consuming for a start-up , Ms. Emyanitoff says . 
`` We 're in a metro area with millions of Bear fans , and only a small number can be accommodated . '' 
`` It pretty much confirms what we had been expecting , '' said Anthony Hatch , an analyst at PaineWebber Inc . 
`` Too often , advertising imagery has n't done a good job of forging a special emotional bond between a brand and the consumer . '' 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
So far this month , the Soviets have bought about 7.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn . 
Mr. Dozen even related the indignity suffered when he and two colleagues went on an overnight fishing expedition off the New Jersey shore and caught nothing . 
`` I have an old-fashioned name for people in that position : sick people who need health insurance , '' Rep. Waxman says . `` 
Last year 's retrenchment dried up the working capital of Chinese factories . 
Softer-than-expected orders in early September also played a role , he said in an interview . 
`` The problem with this administration , I think , is that by design it has greatly diminished , both in a physical sense and in a procedural sense , the role of the NSC . '' 
The U.S. is worried about the convertibility of Olivetti 's machine tools to military use . 
In addition , Illinois attorneys will lose the right to sue clients who file malicious complaints against them . 
Few specialists said they expect the quake to have much of an effect on most California property values . 
Coastal said the refinery 's expected daily production will include 34,000 barrels of jet fuel , 32,000 barrels of low-sulfur diesel fuel , 30,000 barrels of naphtha , 17,000 barrels of residual fuel oil , 8,000 barrels of asphalt and 25,000 barrels of low-sulfur catalytic cracker feedstock . 
At BellSouth , based in Atlanta , customer access lines grew by 162,000 , or 3.5 % , during the 12-month period ended Sept . 
More than 100 people were injured , and a number of workers were missing . 
According to the executive , BDDP 's involvement prompted renewed vigor in the WCRS-Eurocom talks and the two agencies were hoping to hammer out details by today . 
Two junk bond issues were priced yesterday , including a scaled-backed offering by Beatrice Co . 
Most of all though , the show is redeemed by the character of Mancuso . 
The loans can be for accessory apartments , for cottages built in a relative 's yard , for home-sharing or for sale-lease-back transactions . 
On the Toronto Stock Exchange , Cineplex closed at C$ 12.875 , off 37.5 Canadian cents , well below the C$ 16.40 level . 
As a result , Judge John F. Keenan of New York ordered Mrs. Marcos to turn over to the court all pleadings and documents she may have filed in foreign countries in opposition to U.S. requests for evidence . 
The Justice Department alleges that the company `` engaged in various forms of misrepresentation '' with the goal of reducing the appraised value of employees ' homes . 
Now there are more lines connected to the chairman 's office , and the market-monitoring computer has been moved next to his desk . 
Jim Beam Brands has a distribution partnership with Nikka Whiskey Co. , a distiller . 
But the foundation bylaws require the entire Trelleborg stake to be sold in the open market if control drops below 50 % . 
Karen Fine Coburn Publisher Global Environmental Change Report Arlington , Mass . 
Norms are consistently exceeded at 60 % of nitrogen oxide monitoring sites and 80 % of those for dust and soot emissions . 
`` It took Zhao Ziyang ( former premier and party chief ) 10 years to build a team of economists who understood how the Western economies work and now that team is part in exile , part being rusticated and part missing . '' 
But he gave few details on the progress toward a new bid , saying only , `` We are working toward a revised proposal for majority employee ownership . '' 
Jonathan H. Kress , the son of the painting 's former owner , Mrs. Rush Kress , dismisses the price talk as `` sour grapes . '' 
STOCKS AND BONDS SURGED on the second anniversary of Black Monday as a favorable inflation report prompted speculation of lower interest rates . 
New York Stock Exchange volume shrank to 166.9 million shares from 224.1 million Tuesday . 
Drexel is owed $ 20 million by the partnership . 
H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , offering of four million shares of noncumulative convertible preferred stock , Series B. , via Goldman , Sachs & Co , First Boston Corp. , and Merrill Lynch . 
LOTUS DEVELOPMENT Corp. 's net income rose 61 % in the third quarter from the year-earlier period . 
Paintings are just part of the picture . 
They are looking for a new editor for National Lampoon and are trying to sell Heavy Metal . 
Bob Evans Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 shares of its common . 
In major market activity : Stock prices slumped in sluggish trading . 
Most other bonds , however , would probably not have fared much better . 
He rejoined his family in January 1984 and began the long struggle for justice , pressing everyone from Hanoi municipal officials to National Assembly deputies for restoration of his rights . 
Still , Mr. McCammon said Ford expects the U.S. economy to weaken through the end of 1990 , causing weaker sales and production . 
He concedes H&R Block is `` well-entrenched '' and `` a great company , '' but says `` it does n't grow fast enough for us . 
The blueprint is at its vaguest when referring to the fate of the two powerful economic institutions that seem likely to oppose such sweeping plans : the State Planning Committee , known as Gosplan , and the State Committee for Material Supply , or Gossnab . 
Mr. Drabinsky could n't be reached for comment . 
Five years of rapid expansion under American Brands , with an emphasis on marketing the agency 's services instead of improving them , had hurt Pinkerton 's profits , Mr. Wathen claims . 
Polaroid Corp. 's patent-infringement damages case against Eastman Kodak Co. , one of the highest stakes corporate trials ever , is getting scant attention on Wall Street . 
A year ago , Silicon Graphics introduced a model priced at $ 15,000 -- almost as cheap as mainstream workstations that do n't offer special graphics features . 
The quake knocked The Well out for six hours , but when it came back up , it teemed with emotional first-hand reports . 
But David Runkel , chief Justice Department spokesman , said the guidelines `` are a codification and a clarification far more than a new direction . '' 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
`` We 're not afraid of obsoleting some of our old stuff to stay ahead of the competition , '' he said . 
The steep climb in producer prices reported last Friday fostered pessimism about lower interest rates and contributed to the stock market 's 6.9 % plunge that day . 
He and his family kept afloat by repairing bicycles , selling fruit and doing odd jobs . 
The government also urged whites to refrain from panic over growing black protests , such as the massive anti-apartheid rally Sunday on the outskirts of Soweto . 
Volume was a tumultuous 4.9 million shares , or 22 % of the 21.8 million UAL shares outstanding . 
Bud Konheim , president of Nicole Miller Inc. , says his company is now shipping only to the flagship stores of the Federated and Allied chains . 
Hess declined to comment . 
One man trying to remove his car was told by officials to get out of his garage . 
Garish neon pachinko marquees blaze from the main streets and narrow alleys of cities and towns across the country . 
I really do not understand how it is that Filipinos feel so passionately involved in this father figure that they want to dispose of and yet they need . 
Mr. Peters says in his affidavit that the movie 's staff was told last week that Warner was `` taking over '' the picture , and another producer would be giving all of the orders . 
`` That 's different than wrecking them . '' 
William H.J. Buchanan , the firm 's secretary and associate general counsel , sold 7,000 shares in two separate sales in September for $ 406,000 . 
It 's time the State Department recognized that China does not play by gentlemen 's rules . 
The amount was n't disclosed . 
The stake was acquired by a group of 10 Japanese financial institutions and industrial corporations , primarily insurance companies , Honeywell said . 
Since then , Intel has cornered a large part of the market with successive generations of 16-bit and 32-bit chips , all of which can run software written for previous models . 
Other insurance rates such as casualty insurance , which would cover liability claims , are n't likely to firm right away , says Alice Cornish , an industry analyst with Northington Research in Avon , Conn . 
Judge Leval reluctantly concluded that a few of Mr. Miller 's quotations from Mr. Hubbard 's unpublished writings , because they were not necessary to prove historical points , failed the fair-use test and therefore infringed copyright . 
The Federal Reserve System is the standard object of suggestions for organizational and institutional changes , for two reasons . 
So it was with the Hiss case a generation later , when Alger Hiss became a lightning rod for the anxieties of the Cold War and conflicting attitudes toward the New Deal he had served . 
The scientists then took the five toxin genes and triggered a mutation in the one gene that caused virulence . 
Consumers may want to move their telephones a little closer to the TV set . 
Potential bondholders will either look for greater equity participation on behalf of management , or insist the equity component of the deals be substantially greater than in the past . 
But Mr. Alexander scuttled the deal at the last minute , angering the plaintiff 's side . 
Then by a separate 4-0 vote , it chose the narrowest possible grounds to strike down a different discount plan , called Tariff 15 , that AT&T offered to Holiday Corp . 
I think these regulations that would prohibit well-operated programs in areas across this country would be wrong to change ... . 
`` He is cornered , '' says the Rev. Fernando Guardia , who has led Catholic Church opposition against Noriega . 
He wants to continue being a low-paid private eye , and she wants him to live off the million dollars she 's settled on him . 
The gruff financier recently started socializing in upper-class circles . 
The $ 4 billion bond issue also will help the TVA meet its goal of not raising rates for another year , said William F. Malec , the agency 's chief financial officer . 
But its unsentimental sketches of Cairo life are vintage Mahfouz . 
The Merc said Mr. Roberts withheld from the market certain orders in cooperation with another trader , David Stein . 
Mr. Rahn was shocked , telephoning the office of Richard Darman , director of the Office of Management and Budget , and the administration 's chief strategist on this issue . 
Because the U.S. leads in most areas of biotechnology -- largely because of research investment by the U.S. government -- the sale is sure to increase concerns that Japanese companies will buy American know-how and use it to obtain the upper hand in biotechnology trade and competition . 
Next to Kohlberg Kravis Roberts 's megabillion RJR Nabisco deal , SCI Television is small fry . 
The bill 's managers face criticism , too , for the unusual number of conditions openly imposed on where funds will be spent . 
In a related move , the bank also proposed that board representation be linked more closely to the bank 's new shareholding structure . 
On Thursday , the Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the first section , which gained 0.24 point Wednesday , was up 22.78 , or 0.86 % , at 2665.66 . 
Then he sent the pooch 's picture with the certificate of membership -- it was made out to `` Boris ` Bo ' Regaard '' -- to every newspaper he could think of . ) 
Now that the Supreme Court opened the door on the subject of abortion , politicians are squinting under the glare of democratic choice . 
The animals ' point of view . '' 
Researchers in Belgium said they have developed a genetic engineering technique for creating hybrid plants for a number of crops , such as cotton , soybeans and rice . 
`` This is the first year since transportation deregulation in 1980 that we have had such a dramatic and broad-based upturn in perceived transportation rates , '' said Bernard LaLonde , a transportation logistics professor at Ohio State in Columbus . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Shearson shares lost 37.5 cents to $ 18.125 . 
The Freind legislation -- the state 's House Judiciary Committee approved it in Harrisburg this week and the full Pennsylvania House is expected to take up the bill next Tuesday -- includes a provision to ban abortions after 24 weeks of pregnancy , except to avert the death of the mother . 
Investors who received Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. 's latest stock commentary may be left with blank expressions . 
This untried concept would expose these firms to potentially astronomical punitive damages . 
Jerry Junkins , chairman , president and chief executive officer , said sluggish consumer-electronics sales reduced demand for semiconductors . 
Enviropact Inc. said it entered into an agreement in principle to sell its pump and tank division and drilling division to GSX Chemical Services for $ 4 million . 
The Treasury marked up its forecast by $ 17 million in July , but that proved to be about $ 5 billion too optimistic . 
The two-story roadway , designed in the mid-1940s and completed in 1957 , was supported by columns that apparently lacked the kind of steel reinforcement used in highways today . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
In New York , a spokesman for American Brands would n't comment . 
The number of big institutions that own H&R Block shares is 207 and growing , according to a midyear tally by CDA Investment Technologies . 
Mr. Dalton also recommends that the chief executive establish a rumor control center and move swiftly to bolster morale . 
Over the next 20 years , California Plant Protection opened 125 offices around the country . 
-- `` Physical exhaustion and depression are common in my life and in some of my teammates ' lives '' . 
Charlestonians are instead indomitable and have contributed mightily to the culture and history of our country for more than 300 years . 
The plaintiffs are investors who bought and sold securities in which Mr. Boesky and his partnerships were dealing . 
Aaron Ment , Connecticut 's chief court administrator , declined to comment on the suit and the EEOC 's intervention . 
Southam Inc. said its unprofitable weekly newspaper , The Financial Times of Canada , is up for sale . 
Intel 's 80486 chip is the Corvette of Intel 's microprocessors , a super-fast , super-expensive chip that only the most power-hungry computer users are likely to buy for at least several years . 
`` When I saw the Lexus sales projections , I got worried , '' confesses Takashi Oka , who led the Infiniti development team . 
They worry that new IMF funding of developing countries will simply end up substituting IMF debt for reschedulable commercial bank debt , a bad trade all around . 
Thomson Corp. 's Globe & Mail newspaper in November will begin transmitting an experimental edition to selected subscribers ' facsimile machines . 
Environmental lawyers say virtually all of the Superfund cases to date have involved civil penalties designed to insure cleanup of past polluting activities . 
September sales at major Japanese retail stores rose 9.4 % from a year earlier to 1.388 trillion yen ( $ 9.81 billion ) , marking the fifth-consecutive monthly increase , the Ministry of International Trade and Industry announced . 
One attraction for oil operators here and in other fields is the bargain-basement cost of drilling and equipment , reflecting service companies ' hunger for work . 
The rest were withdrawn for lack of acceptable bids . ) 
A second illustration is supplied by the recent guilty plea entered by Robert Freeman , formerly head of arbitrage at Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Bond prices took the high road and stock prices took the low road as worries mounted about the economy and the junk bond market . 
It never ceases to amaze me how the business world continues to trivialize the world 's environmental problems ( `` Is Science , or Private Gain , Driving Ozone Policy ? '' by George Melloan , Business World , Oct. 24 ) . 
I 'm not sure cross-ownership would necessarily make things smoother . '' 
Surely , the past suffering of any people at any time can not be simply filed away and forgotten . 
Mr. Miller says that after a sharp sales slump in July and August , sales stabilized in September . 
`` He still has n't proven his mettle as a big-league take-out artist , '' said airline analyst Kevin Murphy of Morgan Stanley & Co . 
Mr. Peterson declines to comment on specific allegations in the two suits , saying he prefers to save such responses for court . 
Excluding that bottling business , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' volume , measured by cases of soda , rose only 1 % . 
We even invited the public to stop by and see the program , but there was n't much interest . '' 
Chugai also will help Gen-Probe with its regulatory and marketing expertise in Asia , Mr. Bologna said . 
John Nuveen & Co. , initial offerings of the Nuveen California Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. and the Nuveen New York Performance Plus Municipal Fund Inc. , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc . 
The Fed has plenty of responsibilities in times of market turmoil and in 1987 and again in 1989 it appears to have handled them well . 
Nearly 36 % ranked housing problems as their most serious unmet legal need . 
In his letter and on the basis of his losing vote Tuesday against U.S. aid for the Nicaraguan opposition , Senator Kerry makes clear he has not made that intellectual leap . 
Sales rose to $ 52.4 million from $ 50.1 million . 
But the interest rates they charge are often near Japan 's 54.75 % legal limit , says Kenji Utsunomiya , a lawyer specializing in loan troubles . 
Last March , this newspaper reported on widespread allegations that the company misled many customers into purchasing more credit-data services than needed . 
Behind second-place Morgan Stanley were Kidder , Peabody & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. and CS First Boston Inc. 's First Boston Corp. unit . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Petrie said that on Oct. 26 Petrie Stores agreed to purchase Mr. Petrie 's 2,331,100 Deb Shops shares . 
Your Oct. 12 editorial `` Pitiful , Helpless Presidency ? '' correctly states that I was critical of the Bush administration 's failure to have any plan in place to respond in a timely fashion to the opportunities to oust Manuel Noriega presented by the attempted military coup on Oct. 3 . 
It also can sell the right to regain the subsidiary to another party . 
A small yield premium over comparable Treasurys and a lack of liquidity is hampering dealers ' efforts to drum up interest in the so-called bailout bonds . 
The $ 11,775,000 of term bonds due 2006 and the $ 13,865,000 of term bonds due 2009 are n't being formally reoffered . 
In recent months , more than 25 agencies have been robbed , compared with only a handful all last year , according to police and travel-agency groups . 
Carriers boosted rates more than 10 % in the North Atlantic between the U.S. and Europe last September , hoping to partly restore rates to earlier levels . 
For Eurocom , meanwhile , the move gives it a strong U.S. foothold in Della Femina , and more than quadruples the size of its ad agency business world-wide . 
`` It 's very difficult to model the long-term impact of this , '' says Andrew Goldberg , who studies the public-policy and crisis-management aspects of earthquakes at the Center for Strategic International Studies in Washington , D.C . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve ( U.S. . ) results and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
Meanwhile , President Kume ordered everyone from top executives to rookie designers to go `` town watching , '' to visit chic parts of Tokyo to try to gain insights into developing cars for trend-setters . 
The expected average life of the certificates is 10 years , with the final scheduled payment in October , 2001 . 
Naturally , Senator Boren and his committee would like free rein to blame the executive branch while stamping `` top secret '' on their own complicity . 
Exabyte Corp. , a Boulder , Colo. , maker of high-capacity tape cartridge systems used to back up computer disk drives , started OTC trading with the symbol EXBT . 
Yet every business owner has to face the mound of forms and regulations -- and often is the only one available to tackle it . 
And so it seems to be with the case of Elizabeth Morgan , the Washington , D.C. , plastic surgeon jailed in a child custody case for refusing to reveal the whereabouts of her daughter . 
Her parents lost everything in the 1906 earthquake . 
Yesterday , USAir Group Inc. , recently one of the industry 's stellar performers , posted a worse-than-expected $ 77.7 million net loss for the period . 
The book also recounts the not dissimilar maneuvers surrounding the changing of the guard at Lehman Bros. and other grand old firms . 
The first phase of the program has been completed , but two other phases are continuing . 
Acquired from Carisbrook Holdings U.K. Ltd. , a company owned by Australian financier Robert Holmes a Court , the stake was apparently the first of its kind for Aska , an entity separate from Aichi . 
Chevron said higher crude oil prices boosted profits from production operations , but margins in refining and marketing declined . 
The economy , he noted , moves the market , not vice versa . 
Mr. Kryuchkov was quoted as saying that in place of the infamous 5th Directorate a new unit would work `` to foil the conspiracies of foreign intelligence services to create and use organized anti-government groups in our country . '' 
He then briefed Messrs. Boies and Barr , who had the chance to tilt their next day 's presentation accordingly . 
Overall , he says , municipal prices are `` very cheap '' and represent an `` excellent buying opportunity . '' 
But in 1989 most senators have other ideas . 
`` What seem to be interpreted as great conflicts are relatively minor issues of tactics , '' he said . 
The issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 70 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
Exxon 's earnings from chemicals operations fell $ 90 million , to $ 254 million , while refining and marketing profits declined $ 180 million , to $ 357 million . 
Instead , China is likely to shell out ever-greater subsidies to its coddled state-run enterprises , which ate up $ 18 billion in bailouts last year . 
The per-share loss was $ 5.32 . 
It now holds 233,000 A.P. Green common shares , including 30,000 shares bought last Thursday for $ 35.50 to $ 36.50 a share . 
Mr. O'Brien will elaborate on the SIA 's position in testimony before the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee this week , a spokesman said . 
His crude device worked : The lower teeth gathered the leaves into a pile , while the higher , harder teeth moved the top of the pile . 
The premium the elderly pay for coverage of doctor 's bills under Part B of the Medicare health insurance plan will rise to $ 29 a month in 1990 from $ 27.90 , the Department of Health and Human Services said . 
It was , after all , only his second full day as chairman of the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
About 140 salaried management jobs and hundreds of hourly wage positions have been eliminated . 
West German bond prices ended lower after a day of aimless trading . 
The Appleyard Agency , for example , allegedly made contributions from 1982 to 1984 to various funds for political candidates , then submitted bills to Gulf Power . 
In Japan , the wineries are promoting their products ' Pacific roots and courting restaurant and hotel chefs , whose recommendations carry weight . 
South Korea 's President Roh addressed a joint House-Senate meeting and urged patience over U.S. demands for the opening of Seoul 's markets to more American goods , saying trade issues would be `` resolved to mutual satisfaction . '' 
All four demonstrators were arrested . 
Indeed , during Mr. Breeden 's confirmation hearing last month , senators asked him to introduce his children three separate times -- more often than they asked about his qualifications for the job . 
Despite all the furor over program trading , program trading played a big role in yesterday 's rally . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.75 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Domestic orders were up a real 11 % and a nominal 14 % , while foreign orders rose a real 1 % and a nominal 5 % . 
It was my decision , not anyone else 's . '' 
This quarter 's loss includes pretax charges of $ 4.9 million on the proposed discontinuation of the company 's troubled British subsidiary , and $ 3.7 million of other write-offs the company said were non-recurring and principally related to inventory , publishing advances and pre-publication costs . 
Mexico exported an average of 1,296,800 barrels of crude oil a day at an average of $ 15.31 a barrel during 1989 's first eight months for a total of $ 4.82 billion , Petroleos Mexicanos S.A. said . 
CREATIVE ACCOUNTING , mostly by conglomerates , forced CPAs to change their way of setting standards to be followed by corporations reporting financial results , standards that had become all too flexible . 
Basically , Mr. Chestman was a fourth-level tippee . 
Mr. Curran expects industry RV sales for all of 1989 to fall about 5 % from 1988 , when sales of 427,300 units were the highest since 1978 . 
The narrower Financial Times 30-share index fell 29.6 to 1730.7 . 
Mr. Peters is a high-school dropout who came to fame as Barbra Streisand 's hairdresser . 
And , `` more importantly , '' he says , `` the debt burden measured other ways is not really in uncharted waters . '' 
That is the state of Japan 's computer industry . 
The company estimates the offering price at between $ 14 and $ 16 a share . 
There are about $ 25.6 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2009 , priced to yield 7.25 % , and about $ 66.8 million of 7.2 % term bonds due 2019 , priced at 99 to yield 7.282 % . 
`` If he does to the domestic operations what he did internationally , '' says Mr. Zurkuhlen , `` this company will earn $ 6 or $ 7 a share in a few years . 
Mr. Chan , now 64 years old , invented a fountain pen he and his family produced from plastic waste . 
Both are expected to show continued sluggishness , which would be good for bonds and bad for stocks . 
The zero-coupon subordinated notes have no periodic interest payments . 
The dollar , the best indicator of the country 's mood , has skyrocketed on the parallel market , as has gold . 
Also , he and Mr. Stein were ordered to make restitution of $ 35,000 to a customer . 
SIERRA TUCSON Cos. said it completed its initial public offering of 2.5 million common shares , which raised $ 30 million . 
That finding , the report says , casts doubt on the record industry 's contention that the new generation of digital recording equipment will inevitably lead to wholesale abuse of copyrighted material by home tapers . 
USAir 's deal with Mr. Buffett `` was n't exactly a shining example of shareholder democracy , '' Mr. Steinhardt says . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
The company said it was doing a brisk business in computer power-surge protectors , cables and uninterruptable power sources . 
This is the same production already seen in Paris and Florence , and its scenic ideas echo the movie he made with Placido Domingo and Teresa Stratas . 
Still , many were confident that `` in a day or two , everything should be back to normal , '' according to a spokeswoman for the Semiconductor Industry Association , based in Cupertino . 
Alltel Corp. said it will acquire the 55 % of Pond Branch Telephone Company Inc. 's cellular franchise that it does n't own already . 
American Express Co. posted a 21 % increase in third quarter net income despite a sharp rise in reserves for Third World loans at its banking unit . 
All but two of the 40 or so lawsuits that have been filed since the project 's 1984 approval have been dismissed before the trial stage . 
On abortion , their own day will come . 
Wall Street would like UAL Corp. 's board to change its mind about keeping the company independent . 
And somebody loses on the expected repeal of Section 89 , the benefits test fought by most employers . 
That is the truth . '' 
One person familiar with Georgia-Pacific said the acquisition would more than double the company 's debt of almost $ 3 billion . 
Chemical said Steven Edelson resigned recently , but one individual close to the situation said the resignation was forced . 
A metric ton is equal to 2,204.62 pounds . 
`` My gut feeling is that the Marina properties will be affected , '' said Grace Perkins , senior vice president at Grubb & Ellis Residential Brokerage Inc . 
Mr. Carpenter says that when he assumes full control , Kidder will finally tap the resources of GE . 
Royal 's suit contends that the Ammann acquisition was `` designed to entrench management and thwart Royal 's offer . '' 
Mr. Ngoc , 57 years old , had solid reformist credentials : He had lost his official position in the association in he early 1980s because he questioned the intrusion of politics into literature . 
Almost 40 % of schizophrenic men have an impaired sense of smell vs. fewer than 10 % of schizophrenic women , reports the American Journal of Psychiatry . 
Surveying all this , some people now think the best planner might be no planner at all . 
Consider the facts underlying the 1989 conviction of Robert Chestman . 
( In Virginia , Marshall Coleman and his running mate , Eddy Dalton , are both on the defensive for opposing abortions even in cases of rape or incest . ) 
Westridge Capital is an index fund -- the type of stolid long-term investor whose goal is to be nothing more than average . 
PRECIOUS METALS : 
The vehicle has a top speed of 65 miles an hour and requires recharging from a standard wall socket every 100 miles . 
Earlier this year , New York Life Insurance Co. agreed to acquire Windsor Group Ltd. , a first step toward establishing a presence in the European market ahead of 1992 . 
The market for system-management software for Digital 's hardware is fragmented enough that a giant such as Computer Associates should do well there . 
`` Talk is that everybody is going to drill more wells , '' says foreman Tommy Folsom . 
About 30 floor traders crammed near the UAL post most of the day , and probably hundreds more came and went -- a `` seething mass , '' as one trader described it . 
In Japan , about 1 % are linked . 
James A. White contributed to this article . 
Dictates of good sense to the contrary not withstanding , the general inclination was to believe that the disturbance would be brief and that ball would be played . 
`` No matter how competent and smart you both are , the relationship almost certainly will erode if you do n't have time to talk , to have fun and to be sexual , '' says Ms. Shaevitz . 
An anonymous caller to a local radio station said cocaine traffickers had slain the magistrate in retaliation for the extraditions of Colombians wanted on drug charges in the U.S. . 
The metaphor of theater is not entirely coincidental . 
The per-share estimates mean the consumer-products company 's net income , increased to between $ 69.5 million and $ 76 million , from $ 47.1 million the year-before period . 
Conasupo Director Ignacio Ovalle Fernandez said the agency will sell 589 midsized supermarkets and several food-production plants and warehouses beginning early next year . 
`` I may want to offer additional amendments to improve it when the bill comes to the floor , '' said Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , a leader of those Democrats . 
`` Likewise , no government will stop this idea of the Afrikaners . '' 
To further complicate relief efforts , the privately funded American Red Cross also finds itself strapped for funds after its big Hugo operation . 
According to a spokesman , One Liberty will have paid out as dividends the required amount of its taxable income to maintain its legal status as a real estate investment trust . 
`` People are waiting for { new } factory giveaways , '' said Ben Kaye , sales manager of Bob Brest Auto World in Lynn , Mass. , whose sales are slow . 
The mayor said the Quayle visit was `` a publicity stunt . '' 
On leasing , Bob Djurdjevic at Annex Research said he thinks IBM has hurt itself unnecessarily . 
Mr. Russo , 38 years old , previously was first vice president , public affairs and advertising , at the banking unit . 
Cargill thinks that even though the merchant has a contract stating that it wo n't bring this cocoa to market until after March 1991 , there is some evidence the contract has been modified . 
More broadly , he wants to `` modernize '' regulation by eliminating barriers between commercial and investment banking and by helping U.S. financial firms compete in the global market . 
More than twice as many Red Delicious apples are grown as the Golden variety , America 's No. 2 apple . 
Public protests against him were triggered in June 1987 due to charges by Diaz Herrera , his former chief of staff , that Mr. Noriega had stolen the 1984 election and had ordered the killing of Messrs. Spadafora and Torrijos . 
AB Bofors , a unit of Nobel Industries Sweden AB , enters into a $ 1.4 billion contract with India 's Defense Ministry to supply 400 Bofors FH-77B 155-mm field howitzer guns . 
It 's a flimsy structure , built up on supports , and it was really rocking around . 
They gleefully await the `` dream season '' in 1990 . 
The maker of animal health and nutrition products said the business , Creations Aromatiques of Port Valais , Switzerland , and Woodside , N.Y. , is a division of its Mallinckrodt Inc. subsidiary and had sales of about $ 30 million for its most recent year . 
`` I 'm surprised they 're doing this , '' says Penn Kavanagh , president of Schieffelin & Somerset Co. , which markets Johnnie Walker scotches . 
Every time he sees me , he gets very nervous . '' 
The company , based in San Francisco , provides industrial infrastructure engineering and construction services . 
Lincoln 's treatment by former thrift regulators , in an agency disbanded by the new law , has proved embarrassing for five senators who received thousands of dollars in campaign contributions from Mr. Keating . 
There 's an equally pressing deadline for the government to define its monetary and economic ties to the rest of the European Community . 
Tana , which holds properties in 17 oil and gas fields in south Texas , will provide Texaco with mostly gas reserves . 
`` Ski school is great , '' cries out a tot , bundled in a snowsuit as he plows down a bunny slope . 
Mr. Herman is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's New York bureau . 
Confectionery products sales also had strong growth in the quarter . 
Sharp projected sales for the current year ending March 31 at 1.6 trillion yen , a 7 % increase the previous fiscal year . 
In addition , USX 's giant steel segment , representing 34 % of its 1988 sales , is facing softening demand and slipping prices as well as increasing competition from foreign steelmakers and low-cost minimills . 
By contrast , traditional buy-and-hold investors are unlikely to generate sudden price moves . 
`` It 's fair to say there are more risks for the pound under Major than there were under Lawson , '' says Malcolm Roberts , a director of international bond market research at Salomon Brothers in London . 
The fibers business , whose products go into textiles , carpeting and myriad industrial uses , now accounts for only 20 % of Akzo 's sales . 
Such a countermove could end Jaguar 's hopes for remaining independent and British-owned . 
Campbell-Mithun-Esty , for example , has had big problems at its New York office , but offers strong offices in other areas of the country , including Minneapolis and Chicago . 
Six years ago , Judge O'Kicki was voted president of the Pennsylvania Conference of State Trial Judges by the state 's 400 judges . 
Now comes word that IRS regulations being drafted could put companies in violation of the tax code if they make loans to retiree shareholders and directors but do n't make them available to other former workers who usually earned less . 
Mr. Agnos complained that he was `` ticked off '' that Vice President Dan Quayle , who toured the earthquake site Wednesday , did n't schedule a private meeting with him . 
The dispute pits two groups of claimants against each other . 
Japanese consumers are increasingly eager to spend their money , especially on high-priced goods such as 29-inch television sets and luxury cars . 
Only three weeks earlier , the Merc had turned to one of its own executives , 40-year-old R. Patrick Thompson , to replace Rosemary T. McFadden as president . 
`` It 's a very valuable weapon in their armory , '' which could enable Ford to bid sooner for Jaguar , observed Mr. Barber of James Capel . 
Japan 's objections to the U.S. plan center around its desire to stay self-sufficient in rice , a staple food , even though foreign producers are far more efficient . 
He said he believes IBM 's decision to invest this sort of effort into a single industry showed that it was getting serious about understanding customers ' problems and was n't just selling technology . 
Beazer PLC , a major British building materials and construction concern , reported a 24 % jump in pretax profit for its latest financial year , helped largely by contributions from its U.S. unit , Koppers Co . 
The company , which makes data base systems and software , said it expects to report a loss for the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
In a porous wicker basket . 
The Pentagon claims that in spite of Moscow 's words , East bloc weapons continue to flow into Nicaragua through Cuba at near-record levels . 
Each company 's share of liability would be based on their share of the national DES market . 
Of course , simply buying computers does n't always solve problems , and many American companies have erred by purchasing technology they did n't understand . 
Congress has enough difficulty dealing with the realities of the world as it currently exists . 
Because mutual fund trades do n't take effect until the market close -- in this case , at 4 p.m. -- these shareholders effectively stayed put . 
But now , with large amounts being raised from investors , the government 's dawdling on regulation and disclosure requirements has a more dangerous aspect . 
A beaming Mr. Pilson announced his lastest coup at a news conference that afternoon . 
The goal was to tax people with roughly equivalent incomes equally , and to eliminate the many shelters that allowed the wealthy to escape taxes . 
Authorities in Algeria said the toll from two earthquakes Sunday had reached at least 30 dead and about 250 injured . 
Last summer , the affiliates bitterly complained to network executives about the poor coverage of the student uprising in China . 
The Nasdaq Composite closed down 1.05 , or 0.2 % , to 459.93 . 
A second provision passed by the Senate and House would eliminate a rule allowing companies that post losses resulting from LBO debt to receive refunds of taxes paid over the previous three years . 
CALIFORNIA REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT Corp. said its directors declared a dividend of five cents per Class A common stock payable Nov. 6 to stock of record Oct. 16 . 
Contractors such as Parker Drilling Co. are raising cash again through stock offerings , and for the first time in years , two oil-service companies recently went public . 
Kodak yesterday confirmed that it has entered negotiations with Maynard , Mass.-based Digital to manage all of its voice and data communications needs . 
The earthquake damage , of course , would have been far greater if the epicenter had been in downtown San Francisco . 
And only last week the newspaper Vanguardia Liberal in the city of Bucaramanga was bombed , and its installations destroyed . 
Some business leaders and others also believe that Mr. Dinkins would place significant responsibility in the hands of a deputy mayor with a strong administrative background . 
Right now , the executive adds , `` he wants to continue to focus on paying down '' USX 's debt by selling assets . 
As recently as August , the company said it did n't foresee a need for substantial additions to reserves . 
Besides Ms. and Sassy , closely held Lang Communications includes Success , a magazine for entrepreneurs and small businesses , and Working Woman and Working Mother , two monthly magazines . 
Quantum stopped shipping the drugs last month , following a federal investigation regarding information the company supplied to obtain three drug approvals . 
The guidelines were distributed to U.S. attorneys last summer but were disclosed for the first time by press reports this week . 
NewsEdge is pricey : $ 7,500 a year for a limited version , $ 40,000 a year if the cost of all the news wires is included . 
H&R BLOCK Inc. had net income of $ 100.2 million , or $ 1.90 a share , in the fiscal year ended April 30 . 
A number of issues still need to be resolved before Canadian regulators give any project the final go-ahead . 
Since the troop withdrawal , Moscow has poured in an additional $ 200 to $ 300 million worth per month -- nearly $ 2 billion since February , equivalent to the total U.S. aid to the resistance in nine years . 
His remarks were distributed to the press before Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson announced his resignation last evening . 
The small increase in the index of leading indicators , which had climbed 0.5 % in August but was unchanged in July , does lend support to the view that the economy has slowed noticeably . 
The discrepancy is somewhat perplexing in that the Syracuse researchers said they based their conclusions on government statistics . 
GR8FLRED : 
But other nations at the opening of the 49-nation meeting of Britain and its former colonies pressed for continued or stronger embargoes in an effort to end apartheid . 
When I expressed amazement that no one was undertaking a more current and credible UV-B study , I was urged to get back to the agenda topic , which was , ironically , a schedule for getting rid of HCFCs , the so-called soft CFCs that are such an important part of the CFC substitution scenario . 
In a statement , US Facilities said Mr. Percival 's employment contract calls for him to act as a consultant to the company for two years . 
Prices for seats on the New York Stock Exchange are recovering a bit after hitting a four-year low earlier this month . 
Nothing less , it seemed , could console them for their traumas . 
In a planned protest against his appearance , several members of the studio audience chain themselves in front of the TV cameras in such a way that the program can not continue . 
International competition for the few Soviet goods that can be sold on world markets is heating up , however . 
Western Union must make $ 48 million in interest payments on the reset notes on Dec. 15 , and a company spokesman said it fully intends to meet the payments . 
Now comes word from a scientist that over the next century Venice will sink nearly three times faster than the present rate because of the `` greenhouse effect . '' 
In the 1980s , the Justice Department and lower federal courts that enforce the Voting Rights Act have required state legislatures and municipal governments to create the maximum number of `` safe '' minority election districts -- districts where minorities form between 65 % and 80 % of the voting population . 
A star attraction on the national network is the U.S. 's `` Dynasty . '' ... 
Its ambiguity and uneasy mixture of the serious and the comic is no doubt one reason why it is very much in vogue with directors just now . 
Option by borrower to increase issue amount to 150 million francs . 
What he had demonstrated , he added , is that there 's more to chess than sheer calculation . 
So most bills are passed without full discussion ; particularly difficult bills are passed in the absence of the opposition parties . 
Noting that equity funds are up nearly 60 % from their post-crash low on Dec. 3 , 1987 , he said that what happened last week `` may not be enough of an adjustment . 
The owner was Israel Ortiz , a 29-year-old entrepreneur and father of two . 
He added that he expects to make a recommendation within a few weeks on whether MiniScribe should file its own lawsuits against former company officers and directors . 
Another 20 % of the borrowed funds would come from the sale to investors of junk bonds , which offer less security and typically carry higher yields than bank loans . 
A former executive agreed that the departures do n't reflect major problems , adding : `` If you see any company that grows as fast as Reebok did , it is going to have people coming and going . '' 
The revision follows last month 's withdrawal of a $ 400 million junk-bond offering for the new casino company , Aztar Corp . 
Now there are many cars for every purse and purpose . 
He could rule as early as today on the motion seeking a temporary injunction against the Dow Jones offer . 
The proposals , from suitors including Interpublic Group , come as the London-based ad giant struggles through its most difficult period ever . 
Eastman Kodak Co. of Rochester , N.Y. , said its Lehn & Fink Products subsidiary was restructured to form two operating groups , one for household products such as cleaners and disinfectants and the other for do-it-yourself products such as wood finishes and stains . 
SHORT SKIRTS not welcome in Texas court : 
Diane Seaman , an NBC-TV vice president , says NBC has been able to charge premium rates for this ad time . 
And our action today will allow Gulf Power to avoid prolonged , distracting legal proceedings . '' 
When such claims and litigation extend beyond the period , the syndicates can extend their accounting deadlines . 
James Cleveland , a courier who earned a Bravo Zulu for figuring out how to get a major customer 's 1,100-parcel-a-week load to its doorstep by 8 a.m. , considers himself far more than a courier . 
It was a profoundly moving moment for series television , and Robert Loggia 's acting resonated in the silence . 
`` Under the new tax-reform law , the days of widespread , wholesale corporate tax avoidance have come to an end . '' 
Mr. Roman comes across as a low-key executive ; Mr. Phillips has a flashier personality . 
But once that factor was eliminated , traders took profits and focused on crude oil inventories , Mr. Barakat said . 
Retail advertising , which often represents half of the advertising volume at most daily newspapers , largely is n't rebounding in the second half from extended doldrums as expected . 
Bankers believed in the greater-fool theory that says somebody else is always willing to pay more . 
They 're looking for something that 's very safe . '' 
It does prolong the pain somewhat . '' 
Tenneco Credit Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % senior notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.625 to yield 9.324 % . 
The project will be the largest U.S.-backed joint venture to be undertaken in the Soviet Union in recent years . 
Volume on the first section was estimated at 1 billion shares , up from 914 million Tuesday . 
Despite the buy-out group 's failure to obtain financing , UAL remains obligated to pay $ 26.7 million in investment banking and legal fees to the group 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , and Paul Weiss Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Financial analysts note that Mr. Rey is attracted to companies that are undervalued on the basis of their real-estate interests . 
Like many of his colleagues , he did n't serve in Vietnam in the 1960s yet embraced a hawkish defense and foreign policy -- even voting against a 1984 resolution critical of the U.S. mining of Nicaraguan harbors . 
Between flashes , certain areas in subjects ' brains are jolted with a magnetic stimulator . 
Mr. Price co-founded MTM in 1969 with U.S. actress Mary Tyler Moore and Grant Tinker , her then-husband . 
The results of the quake certainly raise questions about whether reasonable care was taken , Mr. Messina says . 
U.S. Healthcare Inc. was added to the health care providers group . 
Eurodollar bonds are often issued by foreign corporations , but interest and principal are paid in dollars . 
In the health-care segment , pharmaceutical sales increased 4 % and sales of hospital products increased 1 % . 
They say that the recent injection of liquidity into the U.S. banking system has been modest , and they do n't anticipate significant easing by the U.S. Federal Reserve . 
A year earlier sales totaled 7.567 billion francs . 
COFFEE : 
The company is exposed to bulk chemicals , however . 
In audio equipment , sales rose 13 % to 44.3 billion yen from 39.19 billion yen . 
At 13,000 feet , the engines restarted . 
Some traders noted individual investors dumped NTT shares amid growing expectation for a division of the company as suggested by a recent government-sponsored panel . 
The Charter Revision Commission has made it clear that in response to the expectations of the Justice Department and the commission 's own commitment to enhancing minority political leadership , the new district lines will be drawn to maximize the number of solidly minority districts . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
`` Guys were minting money in there today , '' said John Legittino , a futures broker for Elders Futures Inc. in Chicago . 
Also , rather than increase supplies , they reduce them and encourage hoarding . 
Sales growth of 10 % a year seems possible , he said , and Akzo expects its Twaron business to become profitable in 1990 . 
Because the CD had an effective yield of 13.4 % when it was issued in 1984 , and interest rates in general had declined sharply since then , part of the price Dr. Blumenfeld paid was a premium -- an additional amount on top of the CD 's base value plus accrued interest that represented the CD 's increased market value . 
Last year , `` I was off a straight month , then one time for two to three weeks and another two to three weeks , '' he says . 
Manville advanced 3\/4 to 10 . 
In Delaware Chancery Court litigation , Telerate has criticized Dow Jones for not disclosing that Telerate 's management expects the company 's revenue to increase by 20 % annually , while Dow Jones based its projections of Telerate 's performance on a 12 % revenue growth forecast . 
Norton Co. said net income for the third quarter fell 6 % to $ 20.6 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 22 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
A black-draped cruise liner sailed into Naples yesterday bringing 800 Libyans threatening vengeance if Italy refuses to pay compensation for more than 30 years of colonial rule . 
Going to the well of the chamber , Mr. Panetta demanded the costs be fully counted . 
The purchase of Nekoosa would easily eclipse Georgia-Pacific 's $ 530 million acquisition of Brunswick Pulp & Paper Co. last year . 
Rated single-A-2 by Moody 's and single-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
And they will even serve it themselves . 
One article recounted a decade-long struggle by a wounded soldier to prove , officially , he was alive . 
Not even a tractor . 
UAL Corp. is a good example . 
That 's higher than some other estimates . 
Then the whole thing will start to collapse , just as it did in the 1970s , and the ghosts and banshees will be howling through the place turning people 's hair white . 
SsangYong began making variations of the Jeep-like `` Korando '' vehicle . 
Most popular acquisition method : the leveraged buy-out . 
Over the next three years , public schools will get 1.5 million PCs , a 15-fold increase from current levels . 
In addition , economists are forecasting a slowdown in foreign direct investments as businessmen become increasingly wary of China 's deteriorating political and economic environment . 
The unit has 6,000 customers and , according to one analyst , had 1988 revenue of about $ 85 million . 
By the time the market plummeted 10 days ago , Monetta was 55 % in cash , said Robert Bacarella , president and portfolio manager . 
Time Warner Inc. recently formed a `` synergy department '' to seek out ways to offer advertisers packages that could combine Time 's magazines with Warner products such as videocassettes . 
Regardless , he said , he still believes the Soviet Union , while falling far short of the efficiency of a Western economy , may well manage to improve considerably . 
The chords modulate , but there is little filigree even though his fingers begin to wander over more of the keys . 
The U.S. Chamber of Commerce has been in the forefront in supporting the Bush proposal . 
April 16 , 1987 : 
Under Mr. Gorbachev , Mr. Goode said , the Soviets are openly stealing Western corporate communications . 
Today more than 470 money market funds have total assets exceeding $ 350 billion . 
`` If we do not integrate into this new world of interdependence , sooner or later we 're going to become victims of our own isolation , '' he says . 
Peter Cawdron , group strategy development director , and Bill Shardlow , group personnel director , will become part of the board 's management committee . 
The pending bill , introduced by Mr. Thurmond , would revive the long-dormant federal death-penalty laws by instituting legal procedures required by the Supreme Court . 
An FM receiver attached to a user 's personal computer receives the information . 
Takanori Mizuno , chief economist of the Institute for Financial Affairs Inc. , a Tokyo research center on finance and economics , says , `` The junk bond market became very jittery , and there 's a fear of a coming recession and the possible bankruptcy of LBO companies . 
The process will take as many as six months to complete , the company said . 
The index uses a base of 100 in 1982 . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. , shelf offering of $ 575 million of debt securities . 
A.P. Green currently has 2,664,098 shares outstanding . 
There are no easy choices in Cambodia , but we ca n't imagine that it benefits the U.S. to become the catalyst for an all-too-familiar process that could end in another round of horror in Cambodia . 
If managers fear that the overall stock market will fall , but want to continue owning stocks , they can hold on to specific stocks and sell a corresponding amount of futures contracts . 
`` I quit after one try , whether I win or lose , '' he says . 
Oppenheimer Capital has about 7.9 million limited partnership units outstanding . 
Germany 's trade surplus is largely with other European countries rather than with the U.S. , Mr. Mulford acknowledged . 
The bank also says it 'll use its international network to channel investment from London , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris into the Spanish stock exchanges . 
The company said it had been notified unofficially that Waertsilae Marine Industries , a Finnish shipyard building three cruise ships for the company , is having financial trouble and may already have filed for bankruptcy . 
A guy is sitting up in an office deciding what you 're going to eat . '' 
The machine is essentially a mainframe computer , he said . 
Stocks : Volume 166,900,000 shares . 
The transaction has been approved by Kyle 's board , but requires the approval of the company 's shareholders . 
Okobank ( Finland ) -- 
Other Senators want to lower the down payments required on FHA-insured loans . 
Though it collects such data daily , its monthly reports on program trading usually come out about three weeks after each month ends . 
United Telecommunications Inc. 's US Sprint unit said it was `` obviously disappointed '' with the FCC decision on Tariff 12 . 
In the first nine months , net was $ 140 million , or $ 1.23 a share , on sales of $ 1.44 billion . 
MCI claims about 12 % of the overall long-distance telephone market but just under 10 % of the $ 23 billion residential market . 
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. said he may cut his earnings estimate for the current fiscal year because he had expected at least some mainframe profit this year . 
He said last week 's activity in gold could portend a move to $ 390 an ounce for the December contract . 
With these incentives , demand creates its own supply and a criminal network along with it . 
Other credit houses , such as Credit Exchange and Solo Credit Service Corp. , are suggesting that their clients study each order before shipping . 
Many delegates were willing to craft a compromise , but U.S. delegate Constance Harriman and others thundered that down . 
Our view is that given Congress 's attitude toward HUD , the place probably is beyond reform . 
`` The outlook is positive for the intermediate to long term . '' 
For the nine months , General Dynamics earned $ 210.3 million , or $ 5.03 a share , up marginally from $ 208.8 million , or $ 4.97 a share , on a 4.9 % rise in sales to $ 7.41 billion from $ 7.06 billion . 
`` They 're deliberately trying to steal our thunder , '' a Digital executive complains . 
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil and specialty-chemicals marketing concern , said SHV Holdings N.V. has built up a 7.5 % stake in the company . 
The bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
A House-Senate conference approved an estimated $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 spending bill that provides a 28 % increase for space research and development and incorporates far-reaching provisions affecting the federal mortgage market . 
But the agency has n't yanked psyllium off store shelves . 
Institutions , meanwhile , stepped back to the sidelines as the direction of U.S. interest rates remained unclear . 
The law , which Bush allowed to take effect without his signature , went into force Friday . 
The far left had some good issues even if it did not have good programs for dealing with them . 
Some observers say that different rules governing stock and futures markets are partly responsible for volatility . 
But the gains in Treasury bonds were pared as stocks staged a partial recovery . 
The company said in a statement that `` demand for IBM products and services continues to be good world-wide . 
As a fan of older movies from the 1920s on , I do not find modern comedies contain violence , sex and foul language to any greater degree than other recent movies . 
Los Angeles police say the thieves seem to be part of a crime network that knows how to convert blank tickets into real ones . 
Institutional investors have poured $ 210 billion into stock and bond indexing as a cheap and easy form of investment management that promises to post average market returns . 
So far , New York , New Jersey , Nebraska , Georgia , Michigan and Minnesota have outlawed Mr. Maynard 's device , citing health concerns . 
The models , which cost about $ 75,000 each , will be used in research . 
He added that the president already has the power to close the markets in an emergency . 
Canada 's largest department store operator said the rights offering will entitle holders of its ordinary shares , except residents in the U.S. and Britain , to subscribe for two additional shares for every five shares held at a price of C$ 31.25 a share . 
Caltrans ' Mr. Drago defended the agency 's work on the Nimitz Freeway . 
Senior members of the House Budget Committee are reduced in frustration to raising doomed parliamentary obstacles to individual bills , yet admit that much of the disorder now stems from the fiscal legerdemain associated with their own summit agreement with the White House this past spring . 
To sweeten the pact further -- and to ease concerns of institutional investors -- BellSouth added a provision designed to give extra protection to holders if the regional Bell company ever decides to buy the rest of the new cellular company . 
Israel wants to end the dialogue , but our analysts take a different view than theirs . '' 
This is a classic example of the old saying , `` The whole is greater than the sum of its parts . '' 
Last month , Apple Computer Inc. said that it would n't invest in the group . 
The 30-share index settled 42.0 points lower at 1678.5 . 
The company 's 7.90 % sinking fund debentures were quoted at a bid price of 14 1\/4 and an offered price of 30 , while the 10 3\/4 % subordinated debentures of 1997 were being bid for at 28 and offered at around 34 3\/4 . 
Robert M. Glorioso , Digital 's vice president for high performance systems , says Digital 's mainframe is designed not as a central computer around which everything revolves , but as part of a decentralized network weaving together hundreds of workstations , personal computers , printers and other devices . 
The prolonged price pressures are driving a wedge between some franchisers and their franchisees . 
Whatever the case , a Merrill Lynch spokesman emphasizes , investors should n't have to worry about the uninsured premium issue , unless the bank or thrift that issued the CD is closed and its deposits paid off before maturity or transferred to another institution at a lower rate . 
Plastics are the cornerstone of Phillips ' chemicals operations , which is the biggest single contributor to the company 's profits . 
( A 16-bit microprocessor processes 16 pieces of data at a time and is slower than newer , 32-bit chips . ) 
Welcome to the 28th Tokyo Motor Show . 
It also said the cash portion of the transaction would be financed with StatesWest 's own cash and short-term investments , plus debt and other financing arranged through Hibbard Brown & Co. , the company 's investment banker . 
But no ethical physician would switch patients who were doing well on a specific medication from a specific manufacturer to prove a point . 
January platinum was down $ 3.60 an ounce at $ 491.10 . 
Jaguar topped the most-active list , as its American depository receipts climbed 1 3\/4 to 13 5\/8 with more than 6.6 million ADRs traded . 
However , Mr. Kloves directs his own material without sentimentality and at its own eccentric pace ; `` Baker Boys '' is both bluesy and funny . 
The appeals court upheld a district judge 's ruling that the insurer had to defend the company in such proceedings . 
Like other refiners , Lyondell 's margins for chemicals and gasoline were narrower . 
In the August proxy material , Avery said that unless it sold Uniroyal , its ability to service debt would be hurt and Avery 's shareholder value would `` continue to erode . '' 
Circus Circus 's flagship casino has become the envy of competitors for its ability to vacuum cash from the pockets of vacationing families . 
But even Mr. Boren defends congressional oversight . 
Goliaths like Unilever and P&G have enormous financial advantages over smaller rivals . 
Mr. Wetherell , the underwriter , reckons half of his business could be transacted by computer , cutting costs at least 10 % . 
`` The gyrations in the British government '' add political uncertainty on top of high inflation and a ragged stock market , says John Hoffman , assistant director of research at Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
The volatility of smaller technology companies has served the group well overall in recent stock trading , according to Hambrecht & Quist 's technology stock indexes . 
As the music swells , viewers discover they 're watching a commercial for Lone Star Beer , the pride of Texas , a product of G. Heileman Brewing Co. , a La Crosse , Wis. , unit of Bond Corp . 
Despite several spurts of dollar trading , it was noted that mark-yen cross trade grabbed much of the market 's attention . 
The three units had combined 1988 sales of about $ 904 million . 
But judges usually find the real aim is to escape tax on hidden income ; and the IRS said Brown must have had such income -- although it uncovered no source -- because he deposited $ 124,732 in a bank account in 1982-84 while reporting income of only $ 52,012 . 
He said the new facility will employ 500 of the existing 600 employees . 
But early on , IBM offered its basic design to anybody wanting to copy it . 
`` We 're going to see another big wave of failures and defaults between now and year-end ... . 
But the yeast genetic apparatus is more like that of animals than the bacterial genetic apparatus . 
The sale of the company 's cable franchise brought an after-tax gain of $ 193.3 million , part of which will be used to reduce debt . 
Paul DuCharme , director of media services at Grey Advertising , said Meredith is the leader in providing multimedia packages . 
`` When that occurs , and when the time is right , we 'll release the films in the U.S. , '' he said , adding that Turner Pictures may develop such movies next year for domestic release in 1991 . 
PRODUCTS DON'T have to be first to be winners . 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 10-11 p.m. EST , on Showtime ( repeated Nov. 2 , 6 , 11 and 15 ) : `` The Strange Case of Dr. Jekyll and Mr. Hyde . '' 
The sales job seems to be paying off : When he bought the team , only six of the suites had been sold . 
The $ 150 million in senior subordinated floating-rate notes were targeted to be offered at a price to float four percentage points above the three-month LIBOR . 
By comparison , global asset allocation funds have turned in an average total return of about 19 % , while domestic flexible portfolios are up about 17 % . 
Analysts hailed the planned transaction as being beneficial to Armstrong and Shaw , the market leader in the U.S. carpet industry , with an estimated 17 % to 20 % share . 
Dr. Andrew McBride , city health director , said his staff suspects the hepatitis , which can be highly contagious , was spread by the cafeteria worker with the virus . 
Fortunately , the nations of southern Africa have n't totally surrendered their sovereignty . 
`` If the number is a little better , then copper will respond positively , if it is worse then more selling could ensue , '' she predicted . 
Roger Early , a portfolio manager at Federated Investors Corp. , said that yields on the so-called bailout bonds are n't high enough to attract his attention . 
The resulting stockpiling has depressed the market . 
`` The writer must not invent . '' 
Americans may not be so lucky the next time . 
Michael Eskridge , president of CNBC , said that although there will be a studio audience , viewers will no longer have to endure the shouting of `` Mort ! Mort ! Mort ! '' 
As they did when the Philippines was a colony of the U.S. , teachers for the most part teach in English , even though it is a foreign language for most Philippine children . 
At the other end of the life cycle is `` Dad , '' Gary David Goldberg 's adaptation of the William Wharton novel . 
`` The culture is not ready to take off its clothes , lie down and be touched for an hour for $ 45 , '' he says . 
He added that `` having just one firm do this is n't going to mean a hill of beans . 
These units were handling calls both from people in the San Francisco area and from computers themselves , which are set to dial Digital automatically when trouble arises . 
For instance , it releases Mr. Sisulu without conditions , yet his son , Zwelakhe , a newspaper editor , is restricted to his home much of the day and is n't allowed to work as a journalist . 
R.H. MACY & Co. , New York , retailer , annual sales of $ 7 billion , said there was minor damage to its 24 Macy stores and nine I. Magnin stores in the Bay area . 
A year ago , results were buoyed by a $ 20 million after-tax gain from an asset sale . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Americans are expected to conform to the Japanese culture when in Japan . 
CHICAGO LAW FIRM recruits American Express Co. vice president : 
The S&P 500 contract that expires in December closed up a record 15.65 points on volume of nearly 80,000 contracts . 
That is for the future . 
The situation will be especially delicate for Mr. Kimbrough . 
In addition , he noted , the issue would normally be the type purchased by property and casualty insurers , but recent disasters , such as Hurricane Hugo and the Northern California earthquake , have stretched insurers ' resources and damped their demand for bonds . 
Bank analysts say ministry officials have been growing increasingly concerned during the past few months about Japanese banks getting in over their heads . 
( Why in these movies is the unwed pregnant woman always from Ohio ? 
# 200 million of undated variable-rate notes priced at par via Merill Lynch International Ltd . 
The buy-out group is also entitled to $ 16 million to repay a fund created by the pilots union for an employee stock ownership plan . 
U.S. gas buyers must also decide whether they want to enter firm contracts for Mackenzie delta gas or develop Alaskan reserves in the Prudhoe Bay area first , a project that has been on hold for more than a decade . 
Their message , explicit or implicit , is that a good college will cost so much by whenever you want it that the tried and true wo n't do anymore . 
Fans of Anthony Andrews ( `` Brideshead Revisited '' ) will relish watching him play the title role ( s ) in the 19th-century Robert Louis Stevenson pre-Freudian drama of schizoid horror . 
Next to medical insurance , `` costs of compliance '' are the fastest-growing expense at Impco Inc. , a Providence , R.I. , chemical company . 
Mitsubishi Estate has n't decided how it will raise the funds for the purchase , which are due in cash next April , but the Marunouchi holdings alone are estimated to have a market value of as much as 10 trillion yen to 11 trillion yen . 
Westridge Capital 's frenetic trading reflects the changes sweeping through the previously sleepy world of indexing . 
The proposed BellSouth-LIN cellular company , including the newly acquired Metromedia stake , would give the new entity 55 million potential customers , including about 35 million in the nation 's top 10 markets . 
Wells Fargo Investment Advisers , Bankers Trust Co. and Mellon Capital Management are among the top stock-index arbitrage clients of Wall Street , trading executives say . 
After 20 years of pushing labor proposals to overhaul the nation 's health-care system , Bert Seidman of the AFL-CIO is finding interest from an unlikely quarter : big business . 
But it hints strongly that both organizations would increasingly lose their clout as the changes , particularly the introduction of wholesale trade and the breakup of state monopolies , take effect . 
Options traders were hurt worse than others on Friday because of the highly volatile nature of options , which often rise or fall in value several times the amount of the price change in the individual stock or index of stocks on which they are based . 
No one could voice an opinion until everybody with more seniority had spoken first , so younger employees -- often the most enthusiastic and innovative -- seldom spoke up at all . 
Only about 20 % of California home and business owners carried earthquake coverage . 
In addition , the $ 3 billion bid includes $ 1 billion of debt that will be assumed by IMA , $ 600 million of high-yield junk bonds that will be sold by First Boston Corp. and $ 285 million of equity . 
But in these crunch times for the ski industry , some resorts , such as the Angel Fire , Red River and Taos ski areas in New Mexico , have even started shuttle-busing skiers to each other 's slopes and next year plan to sell tickets good for all local lifts . 
Jaguar ended 22 higher at 747 . 
As part of what a Recognition spokeswoman termed an `` amiable agreement , '' Prospect Group will wind up with control of top management posts and an increased stake in the maker of data management equipment . 
`` I 'm buying fabric right now for clothes which I may not be paid for until April or May . 
This turn of events has put a big damper on an industry that seemed almost invincible last spring , when fares were rising at double-digit rates and many carriers seemed to be growing fat on near-monopolies in certain markets . 
Southern Pacific Transportation Co. , the hardest hit of the three railroads in the Bay area , said service on its north-south coastline , which is used by an Amtrak train between Los Angeles and Seattle , was suspended temporarily because of kinked rails near the epicenter of the quake . 
Well , CBS , mired in the ratings cellar and looking to sports as a way out , wanted to close the deal immediately and block its rivals from getting another chance to bid . 
One of the advantages of the hot-dipped process is that it allows the steel to be covered with a thicker coat of zinc more quickly . 
`` They got a transaction that 's good for both companies . '' 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
We are the producers of that movie . 
The venture , formed in 1986 , was supposed to be Time 's low-cost , safe entry into women 's magazines . 
A parliamentary inquiry found in July that more than 70 people living in Britain could have been part of death squads that roamed Nazi-occupied Eastern Europe . 
And until last Friday , it seemed those efforts were starting to pay off . 
The group controls 795,900 H.H. Robertson common shares , assuming exercise of an option it acquired from Executive Life Insurance Co. to buy 497,400 shares . 
But we 're still at the beginning stages of some of these changes . '' 
`` It 's assault-weapons politics , '' says John Siegal , Mr. Dinkins 's issues director , insisting there is a strong racist undertone to the Giuliani effort . 
The South Atlantic States were the only region to report an increase in bankruptcies , up 5.3 % to 5,791 from 5,502 . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
The ministers ordered a study on the strategic role of nuclear arms in Western Europe once Soviet conventional weapons are reduced in the East bloc . 
`` There 's more noise out there , and the consumer may have to work harder to cut through it , '' says Vincent P. Barabba , executive director of market research and planning at General Motors Corp . 
Sebastian Guzman Cabrera took over the oil workers union , Mexico 's most powerful labor organization , only last January . 
It is the presence of internal and external `` enemies '' which justifies the need for a large , active army that Mikhail Gorbachev 's Soviet Union continues to supply with bullets . 
Reduction , if not the total cessation , of drug consumption is the requirement for victory . 
While our competitors are concerned with their financial viability and possible ownership changes , we will be concentrating on buying and selling merchandise our customers need and want . '' 
An earthquake Oct. 17 in Northern California had caused a 10-day delay midway through the championship contest , which ended Saturday at San Francisco 's Candlestick Park . 
In this way , while the Stick itself was blacked out , we kept up to date on events . 
Though not reflected in the table , an investor should know that the cost of the option insurance can be partially offset by any dividends that the stock pays . 
Birmingham , Ala. : 
In 1987 , it sold a 2.5 % stake in the Veslefrikk field to the Swedish national oil company , resulting in a $ 7 million after-tax gain . 
Mr. Lee estimates that about 10,000 property speculators are operating in South Korea . 
But the lurking shadow of 1987 's stock-market crash still seems dark . 
Jack Kuehler , IBM 's president , said IBM is also considering letting other companies participate in additional semiconductor work but declined to be more specific . 
`` Nine to Five , '' a Cleveland-based office workers organization that supports the beeper bill , six months ago started a privacy hot line to receive reports of alleged monitoring abuses . 
Bookings for the first half totaled $ 813 million , compared with the $ 432 million recorded last year . 
WCRS says its debt will be cut to # 24 million from # 66 million as a result of the transaction . 
On Wednesday , the market opened bullishly with high turnover , ignoring the volatility in New York stocks . 
Texas Air has run into difficulty reselling about $ 20 million of debt securities because of problems in the junk bond market , the person said . 
In addition to hedging new stock purchases , the married-put technique can be used to protect stocks that an investor already owns . 
One big question now is the likely role of Mr. Fournier 's allies . 
Gray was advised by Goldman Sachs and Merrill Lynch . 
British investigations were prompted by a list of 17 alleged war criminals living in Britain sent to Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher in October 1986 by the Simon Wiesenthal Center in Los Angeles . 
Dow Jones industrials 2683.20 , up 39.55 ; transportation 1263.51 , up 15.64 ; utilities 215.42 , up 1.45 . 
The charter was approved by the EC Commission on Sept. 21 . 
As a result , he took the lead in arguing that the cut should be blocked on procedural grounds . 
Among those are the 1,850 acres in the San Francisco Bay area , including 208 acres in the Mission Bay area . 
Says a spokeswoman for the Brussels Bourse : `` Nobody around here will tell you they are happy the system did n't work . 
Under that approach , countries with the most unused oil capacity would get bigger shares of any future increases in OPEC 's production ceiling than they would under the current system . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
`` Neither is going to back down easily . '' 
The action was confined to Nasdaq 's biggest and most liquid stocks , traders said . 
Officials at the Japanese semiconductor maker said the company intends to increase investment in plant and equipment by 10 billion yen ( $ 70.6 million ) , to 90 billion yen , in the year ending March 31 , with the extra funds used to increase production overseas . 
And what about insurance firms ? 
Rockwell International Corp. received a $ 26.7 million Navy contract for submarine ballistic missiles . 
In the nine months , net income slid 21 % to $ 28.4 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 36 million , or 42 cents a share . 
Meanwhile , competitors are being spawned almost daily ; some 300 new businesses -- many just one-person shops -- have sprung up . 
Sales for the quarter rose to $ 1.63 billion from $ 1.47 billion . 
President Bush wants the Pentagon to get special treatment in coping with the across-the-board spending cuts that took effect last week . 
It has always been true that those outside the club want to climb in , and that a few will cut corners in the process . 
Mr. Furuta did n't disclose further details of the arrangement at a news conference , but said the project would be undertaken with Ford 's European subsidiary . 
Estimated volume was a light two million ounces . 
LIMITED RISK FUNDS : 
`` He made desperate efforts , using the yellow pages from beginning to end , '' said Koji Yoneyama , president of Daiwa 's U.S. unit . 
Shrubs and flowers give it a pleasing and non-fortress-like appearance . 
`` It 's evident we 're entering a more competitive era , '' he says . 
Since the first fraud was discovered in July 1986 at an office of the People 's Bank of China in Shenzhen , 15 major cases have been found , the paper said ; the biggest was the theft of $ 235,000 from a bank in Chengdu in March 1988 . 
Terms were not disclosed . 
And regional offices were `` egregiously overstaffed , '' he claims . 
Ten years ago , the newspaper El Espectador , of which my brother Guillermo was editor , began warning of the rise of the drug mafias and of their leaders ' aspirations to control Colombian politics , especially the Congress . 
In a related development , Avery said it completed a recapitalization in which its controlling shareholders and top officers , Nelson Peltz and Peter W. May , surrendered warrants and preferred stock in exchange for a larger stake in Avery 's common shares . 
No student should be permitted to be graduated from elementary school without having mastered the 3 R 's at the level that prevailed 20 years ago . 
Apparently , the respondents do n't think that an economic slowdown would harm the major investment markets very much . 
For especially stubborn haunts , Mr. Baker carries a secret weapon , a vial of cornstarch . 
Mr. Schwarz says the competition `` broadens the base of opportunity for us . '' 
Apple shares fell 75 cents in over-the-counter trading to close at $ 48 a share . 
How quickly things change . 
The editor of Pravda was dismissed and succeeded by a confidant of Soviet leader Gorbachev . 
That purchase doubled Quebecor 's annual printing revenue to $ 750 million . 
RADIO MALAISE draws the ear of the Federal Communications Commission . 
He succeeded Pat Brown , who was fired by the Alley board 18 months ago . 
Ad Notes ... . 
`` The branches are just warmed over , empty halls , '' says Mr. Konheim . 
He concedes : `` This is the most difficult market that I 've been involved in . '' 
Enforcers pay special attention to operators using sweepstakes prizes as an additional inducement to give . 
Britain 's unsettled political scene also worries some investors . 
`` There was a roll of laughter through the stands , '' says Joe Sukle , the editor of the weekly Press and Journal in Middletown . 
Excluding special gains from tax-loss carry-forwards , earnings in the latest quarter were $ 117.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share , compared with $ 187.4 million , or $ 1.76 a share . 
Fully 62 % of the doctors surveyed for Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. think their fellow physicians are responsible for rising health-care costs , ahead of hospitals ( 55 % ) and patients ( 48 % ) . 
-- Least-cost solutions . 
Currently , Fox supplies programs on Saturdays , Sundays and Mondays , although the company plans to expand to other weeknights . 
`` There 's no constitutional right involved in the rule change , '' he says . 
It reduces lawsuits from disgruntled employees and ex-employees , with all that means for reduced legal costs and better public relations . 
If approved , the sale is expected to close by year 's end , with the spinoff occurring by the end of 1992 . 
`` Even if it 's only 1 % , '' says GM 's Mr. Barabba , `` would you throw away sales the size of Polaroid ? '' 
Maxicare said the plan stipulates that enrollees in the company 's health plans will have valid claims covered in full . 
Last year , venture capitalists spent an estimated $ 600 million to finance start-up companies in medical and biotechnology businesses , according to the National Venture Capital Association , a trade group . 
The management turnover at Reebok International Ltd. continued with the resignation of company president C. Joseph LaBonte , who joined Reebok just two years ago . 
Stocks : Volume 224,070,000 shares . 
2 ) Encourage long-term occupancy by forgiving one month 's payment ( off the tail end of the mortgage ) for every six months paid ; or perhaps have the down payment deferred to the end of the mortgage ( balloon ) , but `` forgiven '' on a monthly pro-rata basis as long as the owner remains the occupant . 
Of Hoechst 's 40.9 billion marks in group sales in 1988 , 200 million marks came from sales of CFCs . 
They renamed it Swiss Cantobank and are using it to expand abroad . 
In a country where a bribe is needed to get a phone , a job , and even into a school , the name Bofors has become a potent rallying cry against the government . 
This sort of improved link figures to eventually become a significant weapon for some companies . 
That puts the broker at risk if it 's trying to buy stock in a rising market . 
The almanac will be making new friends and enemies on Oct. 27 , when an updated version will be released . 
Details of the commercial , which will be part of the brand 's 1990 advertising campaign , were n't disclosed . 
Faced with a similar situation , Paul Volcker let the dollar soar , ( though monetary aggregates also grew so rapidly monetarists issued egg-on-the-face warnings of inflation ) . 
On that film , which is to start shooting in a few months , `` they 've been very much involved , hiring talent and discussing the development of the script . 
But in 1986 , the badges and the `` do n't speak out of turn '' rule were abolished -- early steps in a cultural revolution still rolling on with all the subtlety of a freight train . 
Strong investor demand prompted it to boost the size of the issue from $ 3 billion . 
Colgate 's results were at the high end of the range of analysts ' forecasts . 
Among other services , the firm provides pre-trial opinion polls , creates profiles of `` ideal '' jurors , sets up mock trials and `` shadow '' juries , coaches lawyers and witnesses , and designs courtroom graphics . 
`` Sell stocks that are n't doing well now , and that do n't have good earnings prospects , '' says Alfred Goldman , technical analyst at St. Louis-based A.G. Edwards & Sons . 
The TVA currently plans to issue a total of $ 6.7 billion in bonds to refinance its high-interest debt . 
The company said 80 % of its auction business is usually conducted in the second and fourth quarters , with the current quarter having begun `` extremely well . 
The Conservatives do n't dare jeopardize marginal Tory seats in Coventry , where Jaguar has headquarters , nor can the government easily back down on promised protection for a privatized company while it proceeds with controversial plans to privatize most of Britain 's water and electricity industries . 
Mr. Digate says that Beyond will refine the product `` so the message will be smart enough to know to come back and bother you again next week . '' 
Mr. Hastings faced the senators and sat impassively during the first two roll-call votes , then quickly left the chamber . 
Mr. Marrie said the problems in Arizona have only `` increased our resolve to continue to make our restructuring even more effective . '' 
The board 's decision , announced after the market closed Monday , initially prompted a severe sell-off in UAL shares , which at midday traded as low as $ 145 a share , down $ 33 a share , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Air traffic at San Francisco International Airport was running about 50 % of normal yesterday afternoon , but airport officals said they expect a return to full operations by Saturday . 
The concept of European integration is one of those grand schemes that appeal to intellectuals , the media and the imagination , but are full of practical pitfalls . 
National Intergroup , which owns 50 % of the nation 's sixth largest steelmaker -- National Steel Corp. -- posted net income for the fiscal second-quarter of $ 8.6 million , or 33 cents a share , compared with a net loss of $ 50.3 million . 
But now at least there 's a glimmer of hope for the stock . 
But his is a story about a hero in an era of sports anti-heroes , and about what Babe Ruth , Mr. Engelken reminds us , once called `` the only real game in the world . '' 
`` The city could lose some of its entrepreneurial flavor . 
One Colombian drug boss , upon hearing in 1987 that Gen. Noriega was negotiating with the U.S. to abandon his command for a comfortable exile , sent him a hand-sized mahogany coffin engraved with his name . 
Jeffry Thal , a publicity agent for the Lantz Office in Los Angeles , warns that dropping the wrong name labels the dropper as a fake and a fraud . 
In only one presidential election year prior to 1948 did more than 20 % of the nation 's congressional districts choose a different party 's candidate for the White House than for the House of Representatives . 
Well-Seasoned Reasoning 
When Mr. Glass decides to get really fancy , he crosses his hands and hits a resonant bass note with his right hand . 
The criminal charges brought against him involved GE technology , according the court documents . 
The current debt limit expires Oct. 31 . 
`` First year I came back there was n't any work , '' he says . 
While discount promotions are essential for most brands , some companies concede they went overboard in shifting money from advertising to coupons , refunds and other sales incentives . 
The company expects all branches to reopen today . 
The average seven-day simple yield of the 400 funds fell to 8.14 % from 8.21 % , Donoghue 's reported . 
The big questions are whether the increase , effective Jan. 1 , 1990 , will stick , and whether other major steelmakers will follow suit . 
Sony Corp. , Tandem Computers Inc. and Digital Equipment have agreed to sell MIPS computers and companies such as Japan 's NEC Corp. and West Germany 's Siemens A.G. have agreed to make Mips chips under license . 
About $ 518 million of debt is affected . 
The company owes $ 11 million to the Shui On Group , the project 's Hong Kong contractor , and a significant , though unspecified , amount in legal fees to Coudert Brothers , a U.S. law firm , the sources say . 
`` Obviously , things are going to have to go on hold for many companies . '' 
Both the AFL-CIO and the National Association of Manufacturers are calling for measures to control rising costs , improve quality and provide care to the 31 million Americans who currently lack health insurance . 
The first two games of the World Series between the Oakland Athletics and San Francisco Giants did n't finish in the top 10 ; instead they landed in 16th and 18th place . 
Let us sum up what we do know about education and about those education reforms that do work and do n't work : -- `` Parental involvement '' is a bad idea . 
Sterling plunged about four cents Thursday and hit the week 's low of $ 1.5765 when Mr. Lawson resigned from his six-year post because of a policy squabble with other cabinet members . 
Lang owns 70 % of Matilda , while Citicorp owns the rest through its Citicorp Venture Capital Partners . 
The acquisition of the Financial Times of Canada is `` well within reach for any number of media companies , both public and private , '' said James Cole , an analyst with Toronto-based BBN James Capel Inc . 
An agreement to sell the Wilson assets for $ 150 million in cash and notes collapsed in late September , when the buyer , a company controlled by George Gillett , could n't secure financing . 
Officials for the other named companies did n't return telephone calls seeking comment . 
Under its revised proposal , Atlanta-based BellSouth would have a 50 % interest in the new cellular company and would be responsible for half of its debt . 
Polly Peck , a fast-growing British conglomerate , will pay 15.6 billion yen ( $ 110 million ) for 39 million new shares of Sansui , a well-known maker of high-fidelity audio equipment that failed to adjust to changing market conditions . 
After the announcement yesterday , Digital shares gained $ 1.25 to close at $ 89.875 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
But two big New York banks seem to have kicked those chances away , for the moment , with the embarrassing failure of Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. to deliver $ 7.2 billion in bank financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp . 
Mr. Maynard , whose company at the time was based in Santa Ana , Calif. , enlisted his local congressman , and the battle was joined . 
Given China 's far-from-conciliatory statements to its own people , Mr. Bush may be unable to prevent new sanctions . 
On military alternatives if the U.S. pulls back : `` The Soviets already are present . 
They 're in the midst of a turnaround , '' she noted . 
`` No other { computer } vendor offers graphics performance that good for their price . '' 
Most of the expenses stem from the company 's huge Mirage resort-casino scheduled to open next month along the Strip , and an April 1989 financing by units operating the downtown Golden Nugget property . 
The dollar was virtually unchanged . 
Most murders are state crimes , so any federal capital-punishment law probably would turn out to be more symbolism than substance . 
Apple recently hired its first Japanese president , luring away an official of Toshiba 's European operations , as well as a whole Japanese top-management team . 
Anti-nuclear activists took a less positive view . 
( No one has worked out the players ' average age , but most appear to be in their late 30s . ) 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Connaught closed at $ 28.625 , up $ 1.25 . 
Digital 's failure to deliver a true mainframe-class machine before now may have cost the company as much as $ 1 billion in revenue in fiscal 1989 , Mr. Willman says . 
Most oil companies , when they set exploration and production budgets for this year , forecast revenue of $ 15 for each barrel of crude produced . 
Now the Mirage and Circus Circus Enterprises Inc. 's $ 290 million Excalibur are going up . 
Currently , if the person taping is a party to the conversation , it 's all right to record without the knowledge of the other person on the line . 
U.S. and Soviet officials are to open a new round of talks today aimed at reducing chemical-weapons arsenals amid superpower differences over whether to stop making the gases . 
In June , Virginia sold bonds for $ 268.98 that will pay $ 1,000 in 2009 . 
The owners , William and Margie Hammack , are luckier than many others . 
But , they caution , conservative investors would do well to sell into the strength . 
Your story missed some essential points of the conference on `` The Global Environment : Are We Overreacting ? '' 
Pretax profit rose to # 93.2 million ( $ 146.8 million ) from # 80.6 million ( $ 127 million ) , matching analysts ' expectations , which ranged from # 90 million to # 95 million . 
`` We do n't see a domestic source for some of our { HDTV } requirements , and that 's a source of concern , '' says Michael Kelly , director of DARPA 's defense manufacturing office . 
Meanwhile , investor Marvin Davis said he remains interested in UAL , but he dropped his earlier $ 300-a-share back-up bid . 
Hugely popular , it is far more flexible than straight whole life . 
There was a horrible smell of gas as I passed the Chevron refinery before crossing the Richmond-San Rafael Bridge . 
Peter Pae in Pittsburgh contributed to this article . 
The acquisition was completed in September . 
It said the industry 's domestic traffic was flat in the third quarter ; analysts say this was because hefty fare increases earlier in the year scared off many leisure travelers this summer . 
Also named in the suit is Media Home Entertainment Inc. of Culver City , Calif. , its parent , Heron Communications Inc. , and Broadstar Television of Los Angeles , holders of the copyright on the movie . 
They noted that because the consumer price index , known as the CPI , is a more comprehensive measure of inflation and is rising less rapidly than the producer-price index , or PPI , it could signal further easing by Fed . 
What managers really fear is that the pro-union movement could spread beyond the pilots . 
But General Motors dropped 1 7\/8 to 44 7\/8 . 
Dataproducts officials declined to comment , and said they had not yet seen a suit filed in federal court by DPC Acquisition that seeks to nullify a standstill agreement between DPC Acquisition and Dataproducts . 
Bernard Savaiko , senior commodities analyst at PaineWebber Inc. , said that when traders saw the market was n't reacting positively to the forecasts of lower LME stocks , they perceived a bearish sign . 
Under it , the former billionaire 's assets would be liquidated with the IRS getting 80 % of the proceeds and the rest being divided among other creditors , including Minpeco and Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan . 
The two sides had n't met since Oct. 18 . 
The rescue operation will consist of a capital boost for Societe Commerciale of one billion francs through issues of new shares and convertible bonds . 
In a joint statement , the two companies , whose combined holdings equal 52.7 % of Sun Life 's ordinary shares , said their agreement is aimed at reducing `` the uncertainty and instability for Sun Life that has resulted from two major shareholders owning '' a controlling interest in the company . 
Fanuc gained 100 to 7,580 . 
Estimates from traders put it at less than 5 % of Nasdaq 's average daily volume of roughly 133 million shares . 
In Sacramento , a transportation department spokesman said he could n't immediately confirm or deny existence of the test work . 
Trinova , which had 34.2 million common shares outstanding Sept. 30 , had repurchased 29,700 shares since October 1987 before this latest announcement . 
So , according to a Dun & Bradstreet Corp. survey , companies that had been refusing to spend even their very conservative budgets may loosen up before year end . 
Debt has risen to around $ 4 billion , or about 50 % of total capitalization . 
Small-company shares typically fall more than big-company stocks in a recession , he says . 
Commodore International Ltd. said it will report a loss for the first quarter ended Sept. 30 because sales of personal computers for the home market remained weak in some major countries . 
National Intergroup stock closed at $ 15 , unchanged in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Caesars has made a specialty of catering to high rollers from abroad , who are also being aggressively courted by the Mirage , the Las Vegas Hilton and others . 
GTE added 1 1\/4 to 65 3\/8 . 
The acquisition combined the country 's second-largest security company , Pinkerton 's , with 1987 sales of $ 410 million , and the fourth largest , California Plant Protection , with $ 250 million in sales , creating the industry 's biggest firm , which took on the Pinkerton 's name . 
Both sides are jealously guarding their turf , and relations have been at a flashpoint for months . 
My attitude is : Let 's come out of the closet . '' 
The Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust said it is considering several ways to ease a liquidity crunch that could include the sale of Manville Corp. to a third party . 
Just 5 % of the respondents mentioned brands in September , up slightly from 2 % in March . 
But by Mr. Granville 's count , 493 issues were within one point of such lows . 
Armstrong added 1\/8 to 39 1\/8 . 
The RTC has projected that it will require between $ 50 billion to $ 100 billion in temporary working capital . 
Hit by higher costs and lower sales , Caterpillar Inc. said third-quarter earnings tumbled 43 % and full-year earnings will trail last year 's results . 
Mr. Cohen , the Drexel general counsel , said , `` I do n't think , as we say in investment banking , that ` by the end of the day ' we 'll be losing any licenses . '' 
Typically , he will be billed only several weeks after the expenditure , and then has another couple of weeks before he has to pay the bill . 
The size and pace of disbursements will accelerate further under the Brady Plan , which promises larger and earlier disbursements to approved countries . 
In an economic slowdown , heavy debt loads reduce the flexibility of companies because cash that would normally be used to keep the company buoyant must be diverted to interest payments . 
Output from the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is already at a high for the year and most member nations are running flat out . 
Nissan had 29 % of the Japanese car market in 1980 before beginning a depressing eight-year slide that continued through last year . 
WCRS Group hopes to announce , perhaps today , an agreement to sell the majority of its ad unit to Paris-based Eurocom , a European ad executive said . 
That 's about all it costs to appease Adm. Erich Raeder 's ghost . 
The success of the British gold standard was due to independent private banking and common law , rather than the choice of gold for valuing the currency . 
Even though electronic espionage may cost U.S. firms billions of dollars a year , most are n't yet taking precautions , the experts said . 
In his review of `` Saturday Night With Connie Chung , '' Tom Shales , the TV critic of the Washington Post and generally an admirer of CBS , wrote that while the show is `` impressive , ... one has to wonder if this is the proper direction for a network news division to take . '' 
Net sales for this year 's third quarter were $ 14 million , down from $ 21.4 million last year . 
Options lost some of their mystery in 1973 when the Chicago Board of Trade set up a special exchange to deal in them . 
The Hackensack , N.J. , company said holders would receive for each $ 1,000 face amount , $ 750 face amount of a new issue of secured senior subordinated notes , convertible into common stock at an initial rate of $ 6.50 a share , and 50 common shares . 
In this article , I was alleged to have said , `` Any patient with high-risk colon cancer is really getting short shrift if he 's not getting this therapy . '' 
Last year , there was an issue of `` death-backed bonds '' -- securities backed by loans to life-insurance policyholders . 
Before joining Maidenform in 1972 , Mr. Brawer , who holds a doctoral degree in English from the University of Chicago , taught at the University of Wisconsin . 
The conversion price is $ 9.58 a share . 
The decline primarily reflected the dilution from acquiring McCall 's , Golf World ( U.S. ) and Sailing World magazines ; lower equity earnings from the forest-products group because of price discounting and an unfavorable exchange rate , and an 8.7 % decline in advertising linage at the New York Times , the company 's flagship newspaper . 
New Hyundai Campaign 
Mr. Gebhard adds that spending on environmental red tape amounts to between 6.5 % and 7.5 % of Impco 's total operating expenses . 
The new facility is expected to begin operations in early 1991 . 
The Israeli and Soviet national airlines have reached preliminary agreement for launching the first direct flights between Tel Aviv and Moscow , a spokesman for the Israeli airline , El Al , said . 
Neither suit lists specific dollar claims , largely because damage assessment has n't yet been completed . 
At least half that growth will have come in the past three years alone . 
The Big Three U.S. auto makers posted losses in their core North American automotive businesses for the third quarter , and expectations of continued slow vehicle sales and price wars are casting a pall over the fourth period . 
( CenTrust shares have fallen sharply in price from a high of $ 15.125 in 1986 to close yesterday at $ 2.875 . ) 
In 1976 , he joined CBS Sports to head business affairs and , five years later , became its president . 
They said contributing to the downward drift was the fact that many professional traders had chosen to square positions ahead of the weekend . 
After being inspected , buildings with substantial damage were color-coded . 
But some analysts remain sour on the company . 
Mr. Jordan , formerly president and chief executive of Fishkill National Bank in Beacon , N.Y. , succeeds Donald Broderick , who died at 52 in an automobile accident . 
`` I never thought it would become so momentous , '' Bobby remarked . 
From his new , million-dollar-a-year perch on Wall Street as a managing director of Wertheim Schroder & Co. , Mr. Coelho reports that many of his former colleagues have contacted him to find out how they , too , can pursue investment banking careers . 
Mr. Auvil , the Washington grower , says that he could sell Fujis to Taiwan buyers at $ 40 a box if he had them . 
Three other major U.S. banks posted earnings increases . 
The demise of Merkur ( pronounced mare-COOR ) comes after a September in which 670 Merkur dealers managed to sell only 93 Scorpios . 
At the American Magazine Conference here , publishers are plenty worried about the industry 's woes . 
But the worriers remain unconvinced . 
Jefferies , a Los Angeles holding company primarily engaged in securities trading , also said stock market declines since the quarter ended Sept. 30 created an unrealized pretax loss of about $ 6 million in its risk arbitrage account . 
The first part , consisting of $ 2.5 million of 11 1\/4 % secured equipment certificates due June 15 , 1990 , was priced at 98.481 with a yield to maturity of 13.75 % . 
He recently voted `` present '' when the committee authorized a subpoena to compel Mr. Keating to testify , then changed his vote to yes . 
The accompanying table shows how this strategy would work for three stocks . 
Trinova Corp. , Maumee , Ohio , said it is launching an extensive restructuring of its core business , and took a charge that resulted in a loss of $ 29.7 million , or 87 cents a share , for the third quarter . 
Passport applicants now must give Social Security numbers , enabling the IRS to see whether Americans living abroad are filing required U.S. returns . 
Although it ultimately was n't offered to him , he will be on retainer to American Express as an adviser on international matters . 
Much of the recent slide in Dun & Bradstreet 's stock came late last week , after negative comments by analysts at Merrill Lynch & Co. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
But more recently , the pound has been falling with high inflation , which has also seemed almost impervious to the high interest rates Mr. Lawson deployed to stop it . 
They peck away at the 1 1\/2-mile section of rubble , searching for more of the 250 people thought to have died here . 
Often these closings come after vigorous anti-bike lobbying by conservation organizations , the politically potent Sierra Club among them . 
Matra said the sharp rise in its first-half earnings was based on a 15 % gain in consolidated revenue to 10.16 billion francs from 8.85 billion a year earlier . 
Eventually , the money funds ' success forced relaxation of curbs on bank interest rates to allow banks to offer competing yields . 
Californians , meanwhile , tried to cope with still-limited services , blocked roadways and water shortages in the aftermath of the tremor that left scores dead and injured . 
The move will cut out the cost of a middleman and give Specialized more control over marketing and sales . 
In Los Angeles , for example , Central has had a strong market position while Unilab 's presence has been less prominent , according to Mr. Harlow . 
On the edge of fashionable Georgetown , in a chic office with a river view and a number of corporate clients whom he wo n't name , Mr. Deaver is trying to reclaim his reputation as one of the savviest image makers in town . 
The market is still 4 % short of its level before the plunge , and analysts are n't sure how long it will take until the DAX has closed that gap . 
Alvin W. Trivelpiece , director of Oak Ridge National Laboratory , Oak Ridge , Tenn. , was elected a director of this optical-products concern . 
The amount would help Los Angeles cope in the first few weeks after its own anticipated quake , while waiting for federal assistance to arrive . 
Campeau declined to comment . 
Arbitragers were n't the only big losers in the collapse of UAL Corp. stock . 
Why , a Bob Gates might even have said , `` Nor are Soviet problems susceptible to rescue from abroad through abundant Western credits . '' 
The transaction is subject to approval by a panel of disinterested directors , the company said , adding that shareholder approval is n't needed . 
But Mr. Shore says that company 's exclusive advertising rights extend only to the insurance and financial services category . 
Mr. Nogales , the first Hispanic person to serve as a Coors director , is an addition to the board , increasing its membership to nine . 
Many middle-class people would love free food , Medicaid insurance , utilities and rent . 
I remembered being fired at age 44 , with five children at home , when my views and actions were deemed unsettling by a timid , small-town employer . 
One of the major selling points used by Los Angeles financier Alfred Checchi in getting the takeover approved was that the deal did n't include any junk bonds . 
An effusive landscape ? 
Last year , third-quarter earnings included a $ 157 million gain from foreign tax rate changes and a loss from a $ 65 million write-off of reserves . 
The cars are sold under a separate franchise with its own sign in front of Lincoln-Mercury dealers -- as opposed to new models such as Taurus or Escort , which are sold under existing Ford divisions . 
Mr. Deaver confessed to his alcoholism during his trial on perjury charges . 
But sales in the oil-patch state of Texas surged 12.9 % and sales in South Carolina jumped 10.6 % in the period , the New York trade group said . 
`` We think it 's a step in the right direction for Bethlehem , '' said Felix Bello , WEFA Group 's international steel analyst . 
The administration claims that its Clean Air bill will cost businesses between $ 14 billion and $ 19 billion annually , but economist Michael Evans estimates that the costs for firms will actually be in the $ 60 billion a year range . 
Florida National said yesterday that it remains committed to the merger . 
In its notice of action , the attorney general said the company had promised to put clients into `` balanced '' investment portfolios ; instead , the attorney general alleged , the company consistently shoved unwary customers into high-risk investments in paintings , coins and Florida condos . 
Mr. Rabinowitz , the Warner attorney , says the studio still wants the producers to come back and fulfill their contract . 
When the Supreme Soviet passed laws on workers ' rights in May 1987 and on self-managing cooperatives a year later , some Western observers assumed Mikhail Gorbachev had launched the Soviet Union on a course that would lead inevitably to the creation of a market economy . 
`` We all like stress , but there 's a limit , '' says Paul D'Arcy , of Rohrer , Hibler & Replogle , a corporate psychology and management consulting firm . 
But in 1976 , the court permitted resurrection of such laws , if they meet certain procedural requirements . 
`` Power names like that do n't hurt the city 's reputation , '' Mr. Miller says . 
A lavish white portico with a stained-glass window towers over the brick wall surrounding his property . 
For a decade U.S. policy has been incoherent , based on miscalculation and the defense of bureaucratic and political turf . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Inc. 's common stock was dragged down yesterday amid concerns that a bankruptcy filing by a Finnish shipbuilder would delay delivery of three big cruise ships . 
Exxon Capital Corp. -- $ 200 million of 8 1\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1999 , priced at 99.60 to yield 8.31 % . 
`` Fund managers do n't like to have rights issues that do n't have an obvious reason . 
France , Britain and Italy all have light tanks they would like to keep out of the talks . 
To cushion the blows , the government would introduce a minimum wage and unemployment benefits . 
With the pound and the yen lagging behind other major currencies , `` you do n't have a confirmation '' that a sharp dollar downturn is in the works , says Mike Malpede , senior currency analyst at Refco Inc. in Chicago . 
August 's decline in exports reflected decreases in sales of industrial supplies , capital goods and food abroad and increases in sales of motor vehicles , parts and engines . 
National Intergroup Inc. said it expects to report a charge of $ 5.3 million related to the sale of its aluminum unit 's extrusion division for the third quarter . 
Italian magistrates labeled his death a suicide . 
Since then , deliveries have slumped . 
Denizens of London 's financial district are cushioning themselves for heavy blows . 
But they have just taken it for granted . '' 
Neither side would comment . 
Industry executives said Interpublic approached Saatchi in August about buying its Campbell-Mithun-Esty unit , but was turned down by Chairman Maurice Saatchi . 
`` We were being overrun , '' says Steve Fiala , trails coordinator of the East Bay Regional Park District . 
Kean forces play down any differences with Mr. Courter , but this history makes it harder for the conservative to run against government . 
To be sure , the program has n't completely stalled . 
Inefficient-Market Fund Inc. , initial offering of five million common shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Montgomery County , Maryland -- $ 75 million of general consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , Series B , via competitive bid . 
The Des Plaines , Ill. , chemical coatings concern , which has about 2,000 employees world-wide , said it plans to sell its domestic rigid container packaging and flexible adhesives businesses , and its Chicago Heights , Ill. , resin plant . 
The securities were priced at 99.1875 to yield about 9.19 % . 
Of course , the relative calm could be jolted if the market plunges again . 
Only it is safer , and busier . 
`` The ultimate punishment , '' he declared , `` will protect the law-abiding from the vicious , cruel individuals who commit these crimes . '' 
Kidder Peabody raised its investment rating on the stock and its earnings estimates for 1989 and 1990 , based on optimism that the company 's ABC television network will continue to fare well in the ratings . 
Scenario 2 extends the recent compromises between the House and the Senate ; it splits the difference between Scenarios 1 and 3 , by increasing the budget at 2 % per year . 
And the Kennedy amendment would invade not only federal but state sentencings , in two important ways . 
Company officials said 22 workers were missing and presumed dead . 
The announcement , made after the close of trading , caught analysts by surprise . 
Under the compromise , the $ 4.25 level would be reached nine months earlier , while the training subminimum would be shorter , unless it is tied to a training plan . 
This will `` require us to define -- and redefine -- what is ` necessary ' or ` appropriate ' care . 
Tele-Communications is HBO 's largest customer , and the two have a number of other business relationships . 
Some analysts believe the company has the ability to pinpoint the trough in interest-rate cycles . 
We could still have a recession '' at some point . 
`` As we regain our leadership level where we have been , and as we continue to put new products into the marketplace and need additional capacity , we will look at resuming our involvement with our plan , '' he said . 
In September , DWG , a Miami Beach , Fla. , holding company controlled by financeer Victor Posner , rejected an offer from a group of Arby 's franchisees to acquire Arby 's for $ 200 million . 
Will he try to gain a seat on or control of the board and force a radical split of USX into separate oil and steel companies ? 
Portfolio A : Retired couple , age 65 ; $ 400,000 portfolio . 
Rockwell , based in El Segundo , Calif. , is an aerospace , electronics , automotive and graphics concern . 
September 's growth followed a 8.7 % rise in July and an 8 % increase in August , showing continued expansion at high year-on-year levels . 
Several leveraged funds do n't want to cut the amount they borrow because it would slash the income they pay shareholders , fund officials said . 
Year-earlier results included an extraordinary gain of $ 1.6 million from a buy-back of convertible subordinated debentures . 
In advising the UAL board on the various bids for the airline , starting with one for $ 240 a share from Mr. Davis , the investment bank of First Boston came up with a wide range of potential values for the company , depending on appraisal methods and assumptions . 
This is a fact -- though , in view of all the feathers that are ruffled by this fact , it is not surprising that one hears so little about it . 
Engraph 's third-quarter net income of 15 cents a share actually was 7 % higher than the adjusted average of estimates . 
Federal prosecutors said they have obtained a guilty plea from another person in the government 's ongoing probe of illegal payments in the record industry . 
But neither has an extensive background in Latin America , the Middle East or Asia . 
Is he a victim of Gramm-Rudman cuts ? 
An accountant did not review the seller 's books before buying a business . 
Everyone is vulnerable , '' says Charles Harper , associate regional administrator for the Securities and Exchange Commission in Miami . 
He gave no further details . 
APARTHEID FOES STAGED a massive anti-government rally in South Africa . 
He says the fund , which is 40 % leveraged , has maintained a `` substantial cushion '' between its borrowing costs and the yields of the portfolio 's bonds . 
The legislation failed by one vote to clear the House Rules Committee Tuesday , but anti-abortionists still may succeed in bringing the measure to the floor this fall . 
`` United pilots have shown on a number of occasions they are willing and able to strike , '' said an executive at Fuji Bank , one of UAL 's large lenders . 
Mr. Lawson also dismissed the possibility of imposing direct credit controls on Britain 's financial system . 
The strong dollar , which reduces the value of overseas earnings and revenue when they are translated into dollars , is expected to knock 80 to 85 cents off IBM 's per-share earnings for the full year . 
The disaster fund is replenished by loan repayments . 
For example , Mr. Phelan said that big institutions have so much control over public investments that they can cause big swings in the market , regardless of index arbitrage . 
It also said the union had agreed to meet the company for further talks tomorrow . 
`` The company has been completely revamped , '' said Frank Knuettel , analyst for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
StatesWest , which has a 7.25 % stake in Mesa , said it may purchase more Mesa stock or make a tender offer directly to Mesa shareholders . 
Hiroshima officials said they still consider the contract in effect and had no immediate plans to cancel it . 
One of the plan 's authors has defended the `` socioeconomic disadvantage '' category as perhaps making more sense than the current affirmative-action preferences based on race . 
It is also the kind of libel politicians find useful , since it helps them strike a friendly posture on behalf of an important constituency . 
The consumer electronics , home appliances and information-processing concern said revenue in the six months ended Sept. 30 rose 8.9 % to 517.85 billion yen from 475.6 billion yen . 
`` Business has never been this tough before . 
DPC Acquisition is controlled by Crescott Investment Associates , Wilson Investment Group , Kernel Corp. and Catalyst Partners . 
Braumeisters Ltd. tests a beer brewed with oat bran , rather than rice or corn . 
Stocks : Volume 170,330,000 shares . 
Our mammalian forerunners lucked out through the extraterrestrial impact that did in the dinosaurs because they were small , not smart . 
An increasing number of references by the Soviet press to opposition groups now active in the U.S.S.R. , particularly the Democratic Union , allege that they show `` terroristic tendencies '' and claim that they would be prepared to kill in order to achieve their aims . 
Connaught is a biotechnology research and vaccine manufacturing concern . 
Hewlett-Packard also called in its systems experts to restore its own computer operations . 
Japan 's Daiwa Securities Co. named Masahiro Dozen president . 
When there are well problems , light problems , road problems , the government tells us to forget it . '' 
Some traders pointed hopefully to earlier estimates by UAL 's investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , that recapitalizations could yield $ 245 to $ 280 a share . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
And the respondents ' commitment to the stock market remains somewhat lighter than usual . 
Moody 's said the proposed recaptilization may `` limit the company 's ability to realize its profit potential '' and that paying dividends from a new series of preferred could squeeze `` basic business operations . '' 
Campbell-Mithun also would be a sizable addition to an agency network : It has billings of about $ 850 million and blue-chip clients including General Mills , Jeep\/Eagle and Dow Brands . 
The board estimated that the cost of building a pipeline from the Mackenzie delta to Alberta would be about C$ 5.9 million . 
Traders said municipals were underpinned by influences including the climb in Treasury issue prices . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Dayton rose $ 1 to $ 61.125 . 
The biggest certainty is that the elections will be a vote for or against Mr. Gandhi and his five years in power -- five years of ups and downs , promises and disappointments and wide fluctuations in popularity . 
Already this year , it has received orders for four 150-megawatt advanced combustion turbines from Florida Power & Light Co. and for two 300-megawatt plants from Intercontinental Energy Corp. , among others . 
By some estimates , several grain companies combined bought contracts for the possession of roughly one million metric tons of corn . 
There is neither mystery nor paradox in the fact that as educational expenditures ( in real terms ) have increased sharply in the past quarter-of-a-century -- we now spend more per pupil than any other country in the world -- educational performance has declined . 
It is entrenched in the country 's colonial bonds to the U.S. , in Philippine class structure , in the regional loyalties of its people and in its island geography . 
The price paid was a record for the artist . 
Customer-access lines increased at an annualized rate of about 4 % and minutes of long-distance use rose about 12 % . 
Traders said the market was exceptionally thin , as small investors remain on the sidelines . 
Yesterday , U S West shares rose 75 cents to close at $ 71.25 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
At noon Friday , a senior White House official advised Richard Rahn , the Chamber 's chief economist , that the White House would not agree to a budget reconciliation bill unless it had firm assurances that a vote on substance would be permitted in the Senate . 
The U.S. has voiced opposition to China 's bid for GATT membership , saying China has yet to undertake needed economic reforms . 
The Morgan case thus tells us much more about the current state of sex , class , race and politics in our society than it does about the facts of Dr. Morgan 's particular situation . 
`` We have been a great market for inventing risks which other people then take , copy and cut rates . '' 
Mr. Emshwiller is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
Some investors whose names were bandied about by traders as potential UAL stock buyers said they were n't buying . 
Commodore , West Chester , Pa. , had said in August that it was consolidating manufacturing to cut costs and expected to be profitable in the fiscal first quarter . 
`` This clearly demonstrates that Mips is a systems company rather than just a chip company , '' said Mips Vice President John Hime . 
But if the Fed eases too soon , Mr. Greenspan fears , prices may begin to accelerate again next year . 
Mr. Jones is attacking the problem on several fronts . 
The Rev. Alphonsus Trabold , a theology professor and exorcism expert at St. Bonaventure University in Olean , N.Y. , frequently is asked to exorcise unruly spirits , and he often obliges . 
`` It 's the overload problem and the weight problem we have . '' 
Troubled Drexel-underwritten issues include Resorts International , Braniff , Integrated Resources , SCI TV , Gillette Holdings , Western Electric and Southmark . 
He grows rye and potatoes for a few hens , five cows and 25 piglets . 
`` I guess we 'll reluctantly go ahead and do it , vote for Dinkins , '' says Richard Wade , a politically active professor who supported Richard Ravitch , an also-ran in the Democratic primary . 
Officials said 91 companies from 14 countries , including the U.S. , had displays , down from about 260 firms from more than 20 countries at the last show in 
Of course , it does n't hurt that Mr. Kloves has made up for his lack of experience behind the camera with technicians who know exactly what they 're doing . 
Executive Director 
`` The high ratio reflects the fact that silver is still regarded as about a half-industrial metal and its price lagging relative to gold says that traders are expecting a weakening economy , '' he said . 
But problems in manufacturing , forecasting demand and getting the bugs out of a new management information system made it extremely difficult for Sun to meet demand for its newest computers well into the summer . 
Charles D . Way , president of this restaurant operator , assumed the additional post of chief executive officer . 
The Bougainville mine is generally expected to remain closed until at least the end of the year . 
Steve Lowe , general manager of Jasper , Ga. , dealership , said new rebates of $ 500 to $ 1,000 on the models have stimulated sales , but not enough to significantly cut dealer stocks . 
Why ? 
Right now , Mr. Hulings is waving his racing program , cheering for Karnak on the Nile , a sleek thoroughbred galloping down the home stretch . 
MURDER THREAT charged in Haas Securities Corp . stock-manipulation trial . 
The latter would be undertaken by `` enterprises , joint stock companies and cooperatives . '' 
In the municipal market , all eyes were on California debt as investors tried to gauge the financial ramifications of Tuesday 's earthquake . 
They argue that the rights of RICO defendants and third parties not named in RICO indictments have been unfairly damaged . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs but would be subject to tax . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % , 13 weeks ; 7.62 % , 26 weeks . 
Mr. Nixon 's office said the former president `` expects to have one-on-one discussions with the major Chinese leaders '' and will give his assessment of those leaders to President Bush upon his return . 
The inquiry soon focused on the judge . 
The acquisition boosted Black & Decker 's ratio of debt to total capital to more than 80 % . 
In fact , Ms. Baker played scenes in Casablanca that could have made it into `` Casablanca . '' 
The executives face five to 15 years in prison and fines of $ 5,000 or double the profit made by failing to comply with the rules . 
Mercury , which has assets of more than $ 2 billion and 24 branches in California , said the action to improve its regulatory capital position is related directly to new capital requirements mandated by recently adopted federal legislation . 
An apartment complex down the road is the crew-rest and staging area for more than 130 Aeroflot pilots and flight attendants . 
When you do that you wipe out the criminal incentives , including , I might say , the incentive that the drug pushers have to go around and get kids addicted , so that they create a market for themselves . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 21\/32 , up 5\/32 . 
The refinancing of $ 481 million in long-term debt reduced net income by $ 22 million , or five cents a share , but in the long run will save more than $ 250 million in interest costs . 
According to industry lawyers , the ruling gives pipeline companies an important second chance to resolve remaining disputes and take advantage of the cost-sharing mechanism . 
Leaseway Transportation Corp. said it will restructure $ 192.5 million of certain subordinated debentures to reduce its debt obligations and interest expense . 
But two-thirds of all poor Americans were white . 
At least not when you are ascending . ) 
The legislator , Enrique Garcia , had actively backed the plant , but at the original site in his constituency northwest of Manila . 
Sales were $ 597.8 million , up 2.4 % from the previous year . 
Our coffee growers face reductions in their income , and this tempts them to contemplate substituting coca crops for coffee . 
Now , the first order of business is raising enough money to keep his team afloat -- a new yacht will cost about $ 3 million alone , and sailing syndicate budgets can easily run to $ 25 million for a Cup challenge . 
Today , no one gets in or out of the restricted area without De Beers 's stingy approval . 
In my home region , Latin America , much of the existing infrastructure base -- an important building block for development -- has been financed by the World Bank . 
David H. Eisenberg , 53 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Imasco 's 500-store Peoples Drug Stores Inc. unit , based in Alexandria , Va . 
High default rates , a low interest rate , and government coverage of all interest costs while the student is in school make program costs extremely high . 
TRW Inc. reported a 12 % decline in third-quarter net income , but the company said that excluding unusual gains in both quarters , operating profit rose 16 % . 
Fireman 's Fund insures 37,300 homes and autos and 35,000 businesses in the Bay area . 
The IRS has been seeking more than $ 300 million in back taxes from Mr. Hunt . 
And while Sotheby 's chief rivals in the art world , private art dealers , `` wo n't be happy to hear it , '' she adds , `` a number of { the artworks } have already been sold , and at a substantial profit . '' 
That strip of concrete is backed up by a few one-story , air-conditioned shacks where a handful of American nationals -- buttressed by imported food , cold soft drinks and back issues of Sports Illustrated -- maintain radio contact with the outside world . 
Wrong on all counts , Miss Fraser . 
If the whole market thinks what you 're doing is crazy you do n't have much competition . '' 
The air-waybill number was changed en route , and paper work showing that the crates had cleared customs was misplaced , so it was a week before three of the four crates could be located in a bonded warehouse and the Gauguin discovered missing . 
Dow Jones futures index 129.62 , off 0.51 ; spot index 131.34 , up 0.88 . 
Not yet , anyway . 
So what 's the best way to buy stocks ? 
Italy should close the Leaning Tower of Pisa because it 's a danger to tourists , government-appointed experts said . 
Cie . Generale des Eaux reported that net profit climbed 30 % in the first half of 1989 and said that it expects a gain of about 25 % for the full year . 
December delivery gold eased 40 cents an ounce to $ 380.80 . 
Remaining units will be sold to the underwriters , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Kidder , Peabody & Co. , which will also purchase an over-allotment of 2.3 million additional units . 
Afghanistan 's troops broke through a guerrilla blockade on the strategic Salang Highway , allowing trucks carrying food and other necessities to reach Kabul after a missile attack on rebel strongholds . 
Clients include Miller Brewing Co. and General Motors . 
Its mainline minicomputers and word processors have lost ground to cheaper personal computers . 
The quarterly results also reflected $ 21.4 million in non-recurring losses from commercial real-estate activities in California . 
Costa Rica had been negotiating with the U.S. and other banks for three years , but the debt plan was rushed to completion in order to be announced at the meeting . 
Where these discoveries will lead , scientists can only speculate . 
Edouard Balladur , the finance minister at the time , was sold on the tax-cut policy but was concerned that his government would be criticized as anti-European for disturbing the linked European currency relationship . 
Erbamont advanced 1 1\/8 to 36 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares . 
Sierra Tucson , an initial public offering , made the most active list . 
Because Columbia now must sell the bonds within five years , accounting rules require the thrift to value the bonds at the lower of cost or market prices . 
AG is hardly alone in its anxiety . 
Second , if the key assumption is valid , Democrats should have lower attendance rates on roll-call votes than Republicans do to the extent that such votes reflect national policy making and that participating in such votes takes away from the time a legislator could otherwise devote to local benefit-seeking . 
U.S. terrorism experts also say they are highly uncertain about the veracity of the separate documents leaked to the New York Times . 
Excluding the increase in loan-loss reserves , Bankers Trust said third-quarter net income would have increased 11 % to $ 180 million . 
I have not offered and will not offer routine therapy with the two drugs , levamisole and 5-fluorouracil , to any of my colon-cancer patients . 
The average yield on small-denomination three-month CDs moved up two-hundredths of a percentage point in the latest week to 7.85 % . 
Formed in August , the venture weds AT&T 's newly expanded 900 service with 200 voice-activated computers in American Express 's Omaha , Neb. , service center . 
The new guidelines limit the pretrial forfeitures of assets of RICOed defendants and their investors , clients , bankers and others . 
Notice 89-107 offers added relief for hurricane-hit concerns that must file pension and benefit-plan returns . 
William R. Attridge resigned those posts , as well as a seat on NESB 's board . 
Looking leaner than he has in a while , the younger Mr. Bridges 's Jack is sexy and cynical and a far sadder case than Frank , who 's managed to chisel his dreams to fit reality without feeling too cheated . 
Ford said then it would keep the Scorpio . 
The top-performing fund in the latest week was Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar , with a seven-day compound yield of 9.45 % . 
At the same time , only four securities firms have signed up with the Big Board to buy and sell ESPs as market makers , an unenthusiastic response . 
Cemetery officials hope the ads , which will begin airing next month , will not only draw visitors but bolster burials and endowment fund contributions . 
Burmah Oil PLC , a British independent oil company , said its West German subsidiary Castrol has a 49 % share in Explonaft G.m.b.H. , a new Polish lubricants company . 
Both the British Diabetic Association and the Committee on Safety in Medicines -- Britain 's equivalent of the U.S. FDA -- recently issued statements noting the lack of hard scientific evidence to support Dr. Toseland 's findings . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it was waiting to see U.S. Memories ' business plan . 
It was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when rates were marching steadily upward , and hit 42 days in August . 
`` Some of those folks were coming back , '' says Leslie Quick Jr. , chairman , of discount brokers Quick & Reilly Group Inc . 
The loss in Comprehensive Care 's latest quarter is equal to 46 cents a share . 
The timing was perfect . 
He was able to slash the price of the company 's least expensive mountain bike to $ 279 from $ 750 in 
Mr. Lesko figured he would be flooded with entries by now . 
Hees is a merchant bank controlled by Toronto financiers Peter and Edward Bronfman . 
`` We are positioned to come through , '' he said , noting that the company 's backlog was up from the previous quarter . 
If you are a retailer , 50 % , and a farmer , 30 % . 
At most firms , though , it 's the immediate supervisor who decides the merit increases subordinates will be paid . 
Mr. Laband should beware , since he lives in South Carolina . 
What now ? 
She added , however : `` It is not robust by any means . '' 
The debentures are convertible into common stock at $ 25 a share , representing a 24 % conversion premium over Thursday 's closing price . 
Yesterday , in an interview , he added that the Democrats ' decision `` increases the likelihood that a capital-gains tax cut will not pass this year . '' 
Michael Fisher , general manager of KTXL , a Fox affiliate in Sacramento , Calif. , said , `` The real question is whether the Paramount-MCA offering is practical . 
Punching away , we raised what I still think were all the right issues and landed more than one hard blow , but at the end of the affair , there was just the tiniest nagging worry that we had been aiming at the wrong target . 
Weisfield 's had about 1.1 million shares outstanding as of July 31 . 
Because most businesses put market share above profitability , to let a competitor 's addition to capacity go unmatched is to concede defeat . 
For example , about 88 % of Journal readers owned stock ( down slightly from 91 % in a similar poll last year ) . 
While the third-quarter earnings were a `` moderate disappointment , '' he said , `` the real bad news is the intensity of price competition '' in the premium-beer sector . 
Nevertheless , Mr. Rey has been very careful since then to make sure his moves are welcome . 
Mr. Panelli has plenty of company . 
`` By default , '' the dollar probably will be able to hold up pretty well in coming days , says Francoise Soares-Kemp , a foreign-exchange adviser at Credit Suisse . 
Warner executives blame Mr. Guber 's and Mr. Peters 's lack of involvement in `` Caddyshack II '' for casting and production problems and the film 's ultimate dismal failure . 
Sales in North America and the Far East were inflated by acquisitions , rising 62 % to # 278 million . 
Many agencies roll over their debt , paying off delinquent loans by issuing new loans , or converting defaulted loan guarantees into direct loans . 
`` Our bread and butter is still the $ 2 million to $ 20 million account , '' he says . 
Private Eye had been threatened with closure because it could n't afford the libel payment . 
Then Aer Lingus , the Irish flag carrier , could teach Aeroflot pilots to fly the Boeings , and the fleet could be based here at Shannon Airport . 
For example , one of my favorite movies is the 1949 British comedy `` Kind Hearts and Coronets , '' in which the entire comedy is based on actor Dennis Price 's murdering eight titled relatives ( all played by Alec Guinness ) because they snubbed his mother and stand in the way of his acquiring the family title . 
And , just recently , Merrill Lynch cut the recommended bondholdings back to 50 % . 
The company had retained the Fluor Daniel unit of Fluor Corp. as general contractor . 
The results surprised many analysts , because USAir has almost no competition in its Pittsburgh hub and has expanded operations by completing its acquisition of Piedmont Airlines . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 1.37 billion from $ 1.22 billion . 
Died : Robert V. Van Fossan , 63 , chairman of Mutual Benefit Life Insurance Co. , Sunday , in Morristown , N.J. , of cancer . 
And although the recent turmoil in the stock and junk-bond markets , by making it harder to arrange takeover financing , has eased some of the pressure on Mr. Corry , it does n't end the takeover threat . 
Texaco 's situation had become particularly complex because much of its effort had for years been focused on its brawl with Pennzoil and then on New York investor Carl C. Icahn 's attempt to take over the company . 
Tuesday 's earthquake brought the San Francisco ad scene to a screeching halt yesterday , with only a few staffers showing up at their offices , mainly to survey the damage or to wring their hands about imminent new-business presentations . 
World Bank ( agency ) -- # 100 million of 10 7\/8 % bonds due Aug. 15 , 1994 , offered at 96.95 to yield 11.71 % , via Baring Brothers & Co . 
The position of chief operating officer is new . 
And rumors of forced selling by takeover-stock traders triggered a 25-point downdraft in the Dow Jones Industrial Average around 11:15 a.m. EDT yesterday . 
California state transportation officials interviewed by telephone say they nevertheless do n't expect serious problems for commerce in and out of the Bay area . 
United Fruit was one of the two largest contributors to Panama 's national income . 
Dow Jones also publishes Barron 's magazine , other periodicals and community newspapers and operates electronic business information services . 
It is this adapting of absurd ` knots ' and patterns from old books to any surface where a flower garden has to be made that leads to bad and frivolous design -- wrong in plan and hopeless for the life of plants . 
Mr. Johnson , 45 years old , has been a consultant on strategy to Fannie Mae for the past 3 1\/2 years . 
Shearson , with its in-house order execution system , has handled the bulk of such program trades in the over-the-counter market . 
At the same time , liberal and moderate Democrats note the irony of Mr. Bush 's joining a celebration of Costa Rican democracy at a time his administration has sought sharp cuts in U.S. aid to the tiny country . 
These development grants mainly enrich developers who want to put up shopping centers and parking garages . 
The three insolvent thrifts will maintain normal business hours and operations under RTC-appointed managing agents , while the RTC tries to negotiate permanent resolutions . 
HUD Secretary Jack Kemp backed an unsuccessful effort to strike such language last week , but received little support from the White House budget office , which wants to protect space-station funding in the bill and has tended to turn its eyes from pork-barrel amendments . 
Net income jumped 21 % to 79.03 billion yen from 65.53 billion yen . 
The previous year 's third quarter included gains on the sale of aircraft by the company 's Aviation Leasing & Services Division . 
Payco American , a credit collection concern , jumped 1 3\/8 to 20 5\/8 on volume of 93,000 , and Mail Boxes Etc. , a private postal services company , advanced 1\/2 to 23 1\/2 on volume of 64,000 . 
That accord also called for Hewlett-Packard to buy 730,070 Octel shares in the open market within 18 months . 
`` There is risk that is not associated with market moves , and the beta does n't tell you the magnitude of that . '' 
A grand jury here indicted Norton Co. 's former director of advanced-ceramics research , charging him with interstate transportation of stolen property . 
Using a recent average private-school cost of about $ 12,500 a year , T. Rowe Price 's planner prescribes $ 450 monthly if the plan begins when the child is six . 
The law -- the first of its kind -- requires car rental companies in Texas to charge only `` reasonable '' rates for collision-damage waiver insurance . 
Automatic Data Processing Inc. plans to redeem on Nov. 16 its $ 150 million of 6.5 % convertible subordinated debentures due March 1 , 2011 . 
A GM spokesman said the visit is n't connected to the Jaguar situation . 
But any increase is n't likely to be any kind of a surge . 
The 6 1\/2-foot-tall turtle , Pong Pagong , is a character who stars in the children 's television show `` Batibot . '' 
As rescue teams continued searching for victims , hundreds of suvivors accused the government of a feeble response following the temblors . 
First , if I canceled , I 'd have no more insurance , a not insignificant consideration . 
It is not quite true , for example , that the Mexican government has `` privatized '' Mexicana de Aviacion , as Mr. Ortiz claims . 
The South Korean government had been projecting a 5 % consumer price increase for the entire year . 
The stock received another blow on Friday , when Goldman Sachs analyst Eric Philo advised that investors with short-term horizons should avoid Dun & Bradstreet stock because it is unlikely to outperform the market . 
Now , says Mr. Biehl , value investing often means `` looking for downtrodden companies with terrible management that are in real trouble . '' 
Consider a $ 500 million offering of 9 % securities issued last spring and backed by Citibank credit-card receivables . 
When the company this month announced lower-than-forecast sales of Easy Eggs , the stock dropped nearly 19 % . 
University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey -- $ 55.8 million of Series C bonds priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
Factory workers on strike knocked Poland 's Communist bosses off balance last year ; this year , it was the farmers who brought them down . 
Most lawmakers think it will be extremely difficult for Mr. Bush 's opponents on the abortion issue to round up the votes needed to override the veto . 
`` We would be the first to admit that we have not devoted the necessary amount of emphasis over the past several years '' to developing examinations for discrimination , said Jonathan Fiechter , a top official of the Office of Thrift Supervision . 
`` Maybe I 'll plant castor-oil seeds . '' 
In its brief , the government asserted that it needs the internal GE documents to rebut anticipated efforts by GE during the trial to demonstrate `` its good corporate character . '' 
( Its scare-tactic prediction : the pill `` will be available in the U.S. , either legally or illegally , in no more than 2-5 years . '' ) 
The bank 's Arizona unit holds about $ 6 billion of First Interstate 's $ 50 billion of assets . 
The GAO has recommended the creation of a system to record trade data so that an independent , verifiable audit trail can be established to prevent customer fraud . 
The major gateway to Asia and one of the nation 's 10 busiest airports was closed to all but emergency traffic from the time the quake hit Tuesday afternoon , until 6 a.m. PDT yesterday when controllers returned to the tower . 
Teens will be able to listen to music with headsets . 
`` I know it 's not over , '' a sober-faced Mr. Corry acknowledged while greeting steel suppliers in New York on Oct. 12 and inviting them to a buffet of salmon and sushi in honor of Kobe Steel Ltd. , USX 's partner in a steel mill in Lorain , Ohio . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it reported net income of $ 234.3 million , or $ 4.83 a share , including $ 46 million from tax credits and accounting changes . 
He believes there 's opportunity for a smart gasoline marketer to create a strong brand image and more consumer loyalty . 
A warm foster home has been found . 
In Tokyo , stocks closed lower but above intraday lows in active trading . 
`` I 'm surprised we did n't see more volatility '' in stocks , said Raymond F. DeVoe Jr. , market strategist at Legg Mason Wood Walker . 
As a result , says Mr. Geiger , lawyers think twice before appealing a judge 's ruling , are reluctant to mount , or even support , challenges against him for re-election and are usually loath to file complaints that might impugn a judge 's integrity . 
Fiscal first-half sales slipped 3.9 % to $ 528.4 million from $ 549.9 million . 
The ski industry hopes to increase the number of skiers by 3.5 million to about 21.7 million in the next five years with its latest ads and promotions . 
Crime is clearly more deadly to small-scale entrepreneurship than to big businesses . 
But the shift has also been fueled by necessity . 
At the time , though , in 1979 , the U.S. was once again flirting with its longtime Latin American spy . 
By and large , economists believe the two natural catastrophes will limit economic damage to their regions . 
Of heart-pounding moments there were nearly none , and whether this has to do with Mr. Kleiber or the wooden cast is hard to say . 
But , with public demonstrations in the country growing in size and intensity , Mr. Honecker and several key allies lost out in this battle , officials say . 
Mr. Phelan has had difficulty convincing the public that the Big Board is serious about curbing volatility , especially as the exchange clearly relishes its role as the home for $ 200 billion in stock-index funds , which buy huge baskets of stocks to mimic popular stock-market indexes like the Standard & Poor 's 500 , and which sometimes employ program trading . 
At Fidelity 's office in downtown Boston , Gerald Sherman walked in shortly after 7:30 a.m. and placed an order to switch his retirement accounts out of three stock funds and into a money market fund . 
The complex restructuring , which was long expected , transforms London-based WCRS from primarily a creator of advertising into one of Europe 's largest buyers of advertising time and space . 
It belly-flopped anyway . 
`` This has been a 15-pound earthquake for me , '' said resident Joan O'Shea , who works in an acupuncturist 's office . 
One thing 's for sure : There have been a ton of them , and greater beings than the editors of the National Enquirer have shown interest . 
World-wide production would be cut in half by 1998 . 
Matra said the sharp improvement in net profit partly reflected a decline of 59 million francs in the group 's net loss from nonrecurring items in the first half of this year to 104 million francs from 163 million a year earlier . 
Meanwhile , in the squat office buildings that ring Fashion Island , the odds are good that someone is getting fleeced . 
From its peak in 1972 of $ 198.41 , the average American weekly wage had fallen to $ 169.28 in 1987 -- both figures being expressed in 1977 dollars . 
Single-cell protein never panned out , and most companies abandoned such research . 
Field offices at New Orleans ; Houston ; Denver ; Midland , Tex. ; Bakersfield , Calif. ; Oklahoma City ; and Liberal , Kan. , will be maintained . 
His trials aroused public passions out of all proportion to the rather banal secrets he allegedly had passed to Soviet intelligence . 
`` Stop-close-only orders '' are stop orders that only become active during the closing minutes of trading . 
Mr. Leon of Bear Stearns speculated that McCaw , in an attempt to buy time , might consider filing an antitrust suit against BellSouth with the Justice Department and U.S. District Judge Harold Greene , who oversees enforcement of the consent decree that broke up the Bell system in 1984 . 
Both accounts reflect significant increases from fiscal 1989 , although the amount for peace-keeping shows a 27 % cut from the administration 's request . 
Strokes , heart attacks , leg pains ( intermittent claudication ) and other problems stem from clogging of the arteries by cholesterol-rich deposits . 
Mortgage securities gained 3\/32 to 9\/32 point after a hectic session , with Government National Mortgage Association 8 % securities as the standout issue . 
Different tactics are called for , as losing money becomes easier and making money becomes tougher . 
No longer innocent , they qualified as fools . 
General Motors continued to be hardest hit . 
Nissan created its quake ad in a weekend . 
Merrill Lynch , Goldman Sachs and Kidder Peabody , in addition to Shearson , do program-trade OTC stocks . 
We expect a choppy and sloppy market for a short period , but we do n't think it will be ugly . 
The plan will help the company in its existing joint manufacturing agreement with AT&T . 
Saying that a surge in low-priced imports had damaged EC producers ' profits and led to job losses , the commission imposed a duty of 10.2 % on TVs made by Daewoo , a duty of 12.3 % on Goldstar Co. , 13 % on Samsung and 19.6 % on TVs made by other South Korean producers . 
`` Officially , yes , we encourage the free flow of direct investment , '' says a Foreign Ministry official . 
NASAA , the organization of state securities regulators , is pushing for a model regulatory statute already adopted in eight states . 
U.S. buyers have already been lined up . 
In the year ended Jan. 31 , Pace rang up profit of $ 9.4 million , or 72 cents a share , after a tax-loss carry-forward , on sales of $ 1.3 billion , and analysts expect its results to continue to improve . 
Michelle Pfeiffer ca n't chew gum and sing at the same time . 
Sometimes repairs are out of the question . 
Renaissance declined to confirm the move , but its stock purchases were thought to have begun Tuesday , timed to coincide with the maturity this week of Treasury bills owned by the firm . 
Pachinko is slightly on the shady side , often linked to the lower ranks of Japan 's underworld and regularly at the top of annual lists of tax evaders . 
Because the U.S. is still perceived to be tied to Mr. Barre , when he goes the runway could go too . 
Earlier this year , Meredith sold its first such package for $ 3 million to Kraft Inc. , now a unit of New York-based Philip Morris Cos . 
Mr. Jath is thinking of passing up psyllium altogether this year in favor of a crop with a future such as cumin or fennel . 
Last summer , in response to congressional criticism , the State Department and the CIA said they had resumed military aid to the resistance months after it was cut off ; but it is not clear how much is being sent or when it will arrive . 
That offer was endorsed by the shareholders committee . 
In the end his move was sparked by remarks in excerpts from Sir Alan 's autobiography in The American Economist , a 10,000-circulation academic journal . 
`` The coin is their problem . '' 
Did Mr. Freeman have notice of this ? 
Mr. Green could n't be reached . 
Rodrigo Miranda , a local lawyer and human-rights monitor , recalls an intoxicated Noriega visiting prisoners in their cells at the 5th Zone Garrison headquarters in David , where he had his offices . 
The Treasury Department proposed that banks be required to keep detailed records of international wire transfers , which officials believe is the main vehicle used by drug traffickers to move billions of dollars in and out of the U.S. . 
Earnings have rebounded in 1989 after a 20 % decline last year . 
-- Joshua Adams . 
But real-estate experts and brokers said the quake undoubtedly will drag down prices in neighborhoods built on less stable ground , especially in the Bay Area . 
( Jaguar 's ADRs make the company one of the most widely held United Kingdom stocks in the U.S. , with more than one-fourth of its shares owned there . ) 
The message is loud and clear : This is not your father 's Brooks Brothers . 
`` This is n't outlandish bidding ; this is a situation of very careful businessmen making judgments about the worth of product and acting on it ... . 
`` As a result , household debt appears to be stabilizing at around 63 % of GNP . '' 
Dataproducts is fighting a hostile tender offer by DPC Acquisition Partners , a group led by New York-based Crescott Investments Associates . 
Industry officials say the Bay Bridge -- unlike some bridges -- has no earthquake coverage , either , so the cost of repairing it probably would have to be paid out of state general operating funds . 
Real estate professionals now often bill themselves as `` turnaround experts '' and `` workout specialists . '' 
The three units contributed about a third of Emhart 's total sales . 
Moreover , any unexpected strengthening of the dollar would hurt Georgia-Pacific because two of Nekoosa 's major product lines -- containerboard , which is used to make shipping boxes , and market pulp -- are exported in large quantities . 
In late May , Newmark & Lewis announced a plan to cut prices 5 % to 20 % and eliminate what it called a `` standard discount-retailing practice '' of negotiating individual deals with customers . 
Last March , Isetan invested 1.5 billion yen ( $ 10.6 million ) in a venture with Barney 's Inc. , an up-scale New York specialty clothier . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Sept. 30 fell to 1,809,300 from 1,838,200 a week earlier . 
They chance alienating the customers they hope to woo by looking like opportunistic sharks . 
As the good times rolled they more than doubled their prices for pulp , a raw material used in all sorts of paper , to $ 830 a metric ton this past spring from $ 380 a ton at the start of 1986 . 
The network had been expected to have losses of as much as $ 20 million on baseball this year . 
The next time you hear a Member of Congress moan about the deficit , consider what Congress did Friday . 
Higher earnings helped some issues . 
That 's what will keep computer makers coming in spite of the irritation of bugs . 
The state 's suit alleges that Exxon 's response to the spill failed to prevent contamination of hundreds of miles of shoreline along Prince William Sound . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
Second-tier companies are receiving even less per ton . 
United Air 's parent may have to pay as much as $ 53.7 million to the labor-management buy-out group for fees and expenses incurred in their failed $ 6.79 billion takeover bid . 
Johnnie Johnson , who worked for Mr. Corry in strategic planning , recalls how his boss would routinely ask a subordinate to research an entire industry to target acquisition candidates . 
First and foremost , Mr. Phillips said he hopes to improve client service . 
Other analysts say that estimate is low . 
Though Spain has an excess of banks , analysts say the country still has one of the most profitable markets in Europe , which will aid Banco Exterior with the tough tasks it faces ahead . 
`` It was chaotic . 
Instead of flooding the entire economy with liquidity , and thereby increasing the danger of inflation , the Fed could support the stock market directly by buying market averages in the futures market , thus stabilizing the market as a whole . 
And truck sales also are off more than 20 % . 
But it was the underlying situation that became intolerable . 
He says the economy , and especially the employment numbers , look much better than he expected ; interest rates have generally declined ; inflation has n't run amok . 
Libyan leader Gadhafi met with Egypt 's President Mubarak , and the two officials pledged to respect each other 's laws , security and stability . 
Nissan concedes that it wo n't recoup all its market-share losses in Japan until at least 1995 , and even that timetable might prove optimistic . 
GR8FLRED : 
Mr. Peters acknowledges that and says it 's not unlike the situation he and Mr. Guber are in with Warner . 
At his old job in Compton , Calif. , he took a bitter teachers ' strike and nearly came to blows with a school-board member . 
According to some analysts familiar with the negotiations , the 10 % of equity would come directly from Donaldson Lufkin and a fund affiliated with the investment bank Blackstone Group , which would reduce their CNW equity holdings by 5 % each . 
Meanwhile , Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. , the two lead lenders on the UAL buy-out , met with other banks yesterday to determine if they would be willing to finance the buy-out at a lower price . 
Some 4,300 institutions are part of the pension fund . 
And now that the price has fallen below $ 19.65 , which many had said showed considerable resistance , some traders and analysts figure there 's little to stop the price from going lower on technical decisions . 
American Medical jumped 1 7\/8 to 23 5\/8 . 
Moreover , companies have sold off many of their smaller , less-profitable hospitals and have completed painful restructurings . 
\* Newly industrialized countries : Singapore , Hong Kong , Taiwan , South Korea 
I mean , these folks are so uptight that they blame pretty Kate for the fact that when she was a teen-ager , someone tied her hands behind her back , thrust her head into a gunny sack , brutally raped and beat her , and then left her to die in a cold-storage room . 
A spokeswoman for GE in Fairfield , Conn. , said , `` Absolutely no one spoke to Jack Welch on this subject '' and added , `` Anyone who claims they talked to Jack Welch is n't telling the truth . '' 
Such moves have helped Mr. Rosen weather the industry slump of recent years . 
Rolls-Royce Motor Cars Inc. said it expects its U.S. sales to remain steady at about 1,200 cars in 1990 . 
These beliefs so dominate our educational establishment , our media , our politicians , and even our parents that it seems almost blasphemous to challenge them . 
`` Magazines could , like other brands , find that they have only a limited life . '' 
Several key economic figures are due out and Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson is scheduled to give the annual `` Mansion House '' address to the financial community . 
About $ 70 billion is estimated to be tied up in the short-term money market , which acts both as a hedge against inflation for consumers and an accelerator of inflation and deficits for the government . 
Making matters worse was the fact that late Friday afternoon the CBOE halted stock-index options trading in step with the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's halt in stock-index futures . 
Mr. Greenberg , noting that stock-index arbitrage rises and ebbs with stock market 's volatility , said that for the first four months of the firm 's fiscal year beginning in July , stock-index arbitrage had been a `` break-even '' proposition for Bear Stearns . 
But Mr. Batchelder says that Citicorp 's `` failure to deliver '' on its promise to raise the UAL bank debt for a labor-management buy-out group `` is very distressing to potential users of a ` highly-confident ' letter from commercial banks . '' 
As Mr. Bronner himself says , the smell of `` raw meat '' was in the air . 
`` It 's gotten to the point where if the case is large enough , it 's almost malpractice not to use them , '' he says . 
Companies with steady earnings growth could do well , she says , while others with high debt or poor earnings could see their shares decline far more than 10 % . 
Assets soared $ 4.5 billion in the previous week . 
An additional 56 % of this year 's respondents expect the economy to slow down during the next 12 months . 
Textron Inc. , hampered by a slowdown in its defense sales , reported an 8 % decline in per-share earnings on nearly flat revenue for its third quarter . 
There are no plans to initiate a common stock dividend , Mr. Johnson said , explaining that the board continues to believe shareholders are best served by reinvesting excess cash . 
Since stock-index arbitrage merely narrows the gap between prices in the futures and stock markets , it ca n't add to volatility , he says . 
Call option beginning March 31 , 1992 , if the price of the stock rises more than 50 % within 30 trading days as well as a call option for tax reasons . 
He explains that companies with real estate give `` security . '' 
( Accessories , largely for mountain-bike users , account for much of the rest of sales . ) 
Analysts expect further jitters this week . 
And while it 's too soon to tell how sales will fare in the important 1989 Christmas season , some companies take steps to ease the usual 11th-hour crush . 
They focused on chromosome 17 . 
Mitsubishi has a futuristic delivery truck called the Guppy . 
If the ships are n't delivered , however , it will likely have an effect on the company 's earnings as soon as the 1990 fiscal year , which begins Dec. 1 . 
But the government now claims that a group of company managers and lawyers engaged in an elaborate strategy over five years to obscure from federal authorities the extent and details of `` widespread '' fraudulent billing practices . 
Harris Trust 's Mr. Woodland noted that the unit continues to show resilience in the face of a barrage of `` headline negatives '' in recent weeks , including rate increases in Europe and Japan , aggressive central bank intervention , a 190-point plunge in New York stock prices , an unexpectedly poor U.S. trade report and action by the Federal Reserve to nudge U.S. rates lower . 
Consumer stocks once again set the pace for blue-chip issues . 
Moreover , your hypothetical investor has forsaken the gains to be had in reducing risk by diversifying his portfolio . 
`` The quarter was terrible , and the future looks anything but encouraging . '' 
Literally . 
Analysts and financial officials in the British colony consider the new contract essential to the revival of the Hong Kong Futures Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the October 1987 crash . 
It was agreed at the outset of the Washington Drug Initiative that the FBI 's role would be to continue targeting the major drug traffickers through our National Drug Strategy . 
At the moment , however , the painting is a nagging reminder of the problems that have engulfed CenTrust and its flamboyant chairman and chief executive , David L. Paul . 
The number of makes has mushroomed because the U.S. is the world 's biggest and richest market for automobiles ; virtually every auto maker wants to sell here . 
The coupon on the issue will be reset in one year at a rate that will give the issue a market value of 101 . 
Seventeen articles of impeachment against the Florida judge , one of the few blacks on the U.S. bench , were approved by the House in August 1988 . 
For more than 50 years , it has been the apple of our eye . 
James Gatward , TVS 's chief executive , said in a statement that he will `` assume overall responsibility '' for MTM 's operations until a successor is named . 
And like college radicals everywhere , they are talking about a demonstration -- where protesters would gather quietly near the science building and raise their hands , classroom style . 
But for the most part , officials have avoided expressing those views in public , fearing they would unnecessarily antagonize the Fed . 
ALBERTA ENERGY Co. , Calgary , said it filed a preliminary prospectus for an offering of common shares . 
Rainbow 's stock dropped 2 to 14 1\/4 . 
White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater said negotiations between Bush aides and lawmakers ended Monday without success . 
The transportation and insurance sectors each posted gains of 8.59 , with the transports finishing at 486.74 and the insurers at 537.91 . 
r - Revised . 
I am convinced that UFOs exist because I have seen one ... . '' 
Sales increased 6 % to $ 5.58 billion from $ 5.27 billion . 
The board would n't comment on its impending search for a new ad agency to handle its estimated $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
The cuckoo prefers the nests of other birds and heaves out their eggs . 
He predicted the debt ratio will improve further in coming quarters . 
The decision by a majority of state-appointed Waertsilae Marine directors Monday to file for bankruptcy was an abrupt about-face from previous government policy . 
It also contends that Young & Rubicam never told the tourist board about its relationship with Ad Ventures , a Jamaican firm hired by the agency . 
Mr. Murphy of Meredith said one advertiser , which he would n't identify , wants Meredith to provide ad pages in seven Meredith magazines , publish an interior-decorating book that will be distributed at point of purchase , give away a videotape on installation pointers , and possibly use Meredith 's Better Homes and Gardens ' residential real-estate agents to distribute discount-coupon books to new homeowners . 
Shares closed higher in Hong Kong , Singapore and Manila , and were lower in Sydney , Seoul and Taipei . 
Separately , a third conference report covering an $ 18.4 billion Treasury and Postal Service bill was sent to the Senate after passing the House on a 383-30 roll call yesterday . 
UAL , which is trying to reconstruct a buy-out bid that banks would n't finance , represents the future of one of the most powerful ingredients in the bull market - corporate restructuring . 
Investors who wish to be out of a position , without the risk of receiving a worse-than-expected price from a market order , may use this type of order to specify the price at which the order must be filled . 
These groups have been trying to improve the mountain biker 's image ; in the San Francisco-area park district where a ranger was clobbered by a cyclist this summer bikers have formed a volunteer patrol to help rangers enforce regulations , and to school riders in proper trail etiquette . 
Asarco said the gain reflected continued strength in prices for refined copper , lead and zinc , and higher equity earnings in Mexico Desarrollo Industrial Minero S.A. , a Mexican mining company in which Asarco has a 34 % stake . 
The fields contain recoverable reserves of 435 billion cubic feet of natural gas and four million barrels of oil . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. said it sent a letter to LIN Broadcasting Corp. clarifying its revised tender offer for LIN and asking LIN to conduct `` a fair auction . '' 
But Coniston , a New York partnership managed by the firm of Gollust , Tierney & Oliver , yesterday announced that `` in view of unsettled conditions in securities markets '' the offering would be postponed and restructured . 
Let us look for a moment at another type of non-violent civil disobedience that only harms other people indirectly , yet does irreparable damage to the nation as a whole . 
By moving the settlement date ahead , the Treasury can raise money under the $ 2.87 trillion debt ceiling that is in effect through tomorrow , after which it reverts to $ 2.8 trillion . 
The United spokesman said none of its people were injured at the airport ; in fact , as the airport was being evacuated Tuesday night , two babies were born . 
The Nasdaq composite leaped 7.52 points , or 1.6 % , to 470.80 . 
They are obviously also more susceptible when they need money - retirees , for instance , trying to bolster their fixed income or parents fretting over how to pay for a child 's college expenses . 
Meeting with reporters Friday , Mr. Darman again said he would rather live with across-the-board spending cuts than accept a deficit-reduction bill like the one passed by the House , which would increase spending in future years . 
`` It 's good exercise , '' he says . 
He did n't stop until he got to Jackson Hole , Wyo . 
The golden share restricts any individual holding to 15 % and expires at the end of 1990 . 
He also mentioned increased capital investment by Pacific Bell for network improvements . 
Why should it be so surprising that a 30 % cut in the capital-gains tax would have such an enormous impact on the value of the nation 's capital stock ? 
Above the blossoms of lantana and scarlet pea the inky-brown and golden palamedes butterfly floats on its lazy wingbeat . 
For example , while the laws on individual labor activity allow a citizen to earn a living independent of the state , strict provisions are attached on how far this may lead to the development of a free market . 
In addition , despite IBM 's well-publicized recent problems , the computer giant still generates enormous amounts of cash . 
The company said it did n't receive an offer it wanted to accept . 
The farmer at the next truck shouts , `` Wheat ! 
The price of attracting capital -- whether one 's own or that of foreigners -- is a trade deficit . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Members of the largest union , representing 1,700 workers , voted in favor of the pact yesterday . 
Municipal bonds were little changed to 1\/2 point higher in late dealings . 
I think the reason is that you are confusing tax `` rates '' with tax `` payments . '' 
We 're sorry to report that on Monday President Bush accepted the resignation of William Allen as chairman of the U.S. Civil Rights Commission . 
Housing issues were boosted by a report that Daiwa House expects to post 43 % higher earnings for its latest fiscal year , traders said . 
The S&P 500 index futures `` transferred the identity of 500 stocks into one unit - making them a simple commodity to trade , '' says George Kegler , senior vice president at A. Webster Dougherty in Philadelphia . 
He reset opening arguments for today . 
Greenville , Miss . 
It also generates pieces of the missile shield called the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
B.A.T has been London 's best-performing blue chip over the past six months , up 40 % against a 4 % rise in the Financial Times 100-Share Index . 
Paramount Communications climbed 1 1\/4 to 58 1\/2 and MCA rose 1 1\/2 to 64 ; both media companies have long been mentioned as potential acquisition candidates . 
This must be the last big stretch of the American seacoast that is `` undeveloped . '' 
While he did n't describe the partnerships ' financial condition , he said their operations `` continue to drain the resources of Equitec . '' 
As a result , the effort by some oil ministers to get OPEC to approve a new permanent production-sharing agreement next month is taking on increasing urgency . 
They ca n't afford to stay out of HDTV . '' 
It might force Congress and the states to narrow the death penalty only to convictions shown to be relatively free of racial imbalance -- murders by repeat offenders who torture their victims , perhaps . 
The procedure causes `` great uncertainty '' because an investor ca n't be sure of his or her individual liability , Lloyd 's said . 
A lengthy recession , if it materializes , would drain state coffers and create severe hardships for urban workers . 
`` I do n't think it 's anything that 's going to cause a downturn in economic activity . 
Prosecutors in Miami received yet another setback . 
While he is widely described as a man with deep convictions , he has few major political programs that he can call his own . 
It continues through the life of the center ; the Vermont-Slauson Center has created 500 permanent private-sector jobs at a one-time cost in public funds of only $ 2,500 per job . 
`` I find myself in an adversary relationship with Laurel Bank , and I am not inclined to extend myself as far as any favors are concerned , '' the judge wrote back in a letter attached to the grand jury 's report . 
The merger is subject to regulatory clearance and a definitive agreement . 
They also point out that narrowing interest-rate differentials between the U.S. and its major trading partners tend to make the U.S. currency less attractive to foreign investors . 
Indentical conditions for the two parts . 
But the kids with highly educated parents did 68 % less housework than those in less-educated families . 
Sun 's results were slightly better than expectations . 
Construction of apartments and other multi-family dwellings slipped 2.2 % to an annual rate of 1,022,000 following a 3.5 % decline in August . 
Though Charisma 's sales are up slightly this year , Mr. Harty says profits will be flat or lower . 
Of the 4,348 issues that changed hands , 1,074 advanced and 866 declined . 
`` Things work out unexpectedly in life , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
Subsequent meetings , initiated after the company and two of its units were briefly suspended from federal contracts , were held to familiarize Mr. Orr with the company 's self-policing procedures and to disclose additional information , according to GE . 
An example is the biggest offering of them all , Larsen & Toubro 's $ 570 million bond issue . 
In France , Suez and Axa-Midi Assurances S.A. both have been on the prowl for giant acquisitions ; Suez last month acquired control of Groupe Victoire , the sixth-largest European insurance company , after a takeover battle with Cie . Industrielle . 
When the ruling was handed down , the vacationing president dispatched Chief of Staff John Sununu to issue a statement and refused to answer questions himself . 
London-based LIT Holdings , the largest financer of traders in the Chicago options and futures markets , said yesterday it will incur a second-half loss as a result of the market plunge . 
This sum has been guarded jealously by appropriators anxious to offset spending elsewhere , and conservative Sen. Phil Gramm cast the fight as a populist stand against monied interests . 
`` Our competitors say we overbid them . 
Now you discover that you never learned the most important lesson : How to send your kids to college . 
Lorne Slotnick , vice chairman of the Southern Ontario Newspaper Guild , the union representing the workers , said Thomson made significant concessions in the final round of talks . 
The state obliquely noted that unsafe banking practices are grounds for removing an officer or director and closed with the admonition to Mr. Paul : `` Govern yourself accordingly . '' 
8:01 a.m . 
But other industry executives contend the losses could reach $ 250 million over four years and could go even higher if the World Series end in four-game romps . 
The diversified electronics company blamed the decline in the quarter ended Sept. 29 , on previously reported operating problems in its Electron Devices & Systems Group . 
Under the rescue plan , Waertsilae sold 51 % of its stake to a group of banks and pension funds . 
The Communists spent 40 years working to ensure that no such capitalistic structures ever arose here . 
`` I sprinkle a little around and tell the demons to leave . 
Rep. Jamie Whitten of Mississippi and chairman of House Appropriations turned a $ 20 million Bush request for his state into a $ 49.7 million bequest . 
Lionel also urged holders of its stock and debt not to tender their securities , saying it wants to remain independent to pursue its business strategy . 
`` Thus we judge it to be not a violation of the ABM treaty at this time . '' 
It allowed Mr. Kasparov to exchange his dark-squared bishop for one of D.T. 's knights . 
While he has bought and sold some USAir shares in recent days , he says that contrary to rumors , he has n't tried to unload his holding . 
He says his aim is to reach people who are bedridden , have no access to transportation , ca n't find a lawyer to take their case or simply ca n't afford lawyers ' consultation fees . 
Much has been accomplished and public opinion decisively supports the government and the army -- but , on the other hand , none of the key drug barons have been captured . 
Earlier this year , Penney abandoned another home shopping venture , Telaction Corp. , after investing $ 106 million in it . 
And eventually , they contend , domestic demand will weaken , forcing companies to emphasize exports again . 
But even in that short time Mr. Guzman Cabrera has become as controversial in his own way as his deposed predecessor , Joaquin Hernandez Galicia , known as La Quina . 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
As an alternative , taxpayers could chose to reduce their gains by an inflation index . 
Japan and Europe , far more dependent on Mideast oil than the U.S. , would n't offend the Arabs or trade off their precious supplies . 
The federal response to California 's earthquake crisis was marred by coast-to-coast name-calling between the White House and San Francisco 's Mayor Art Agnos . 
Commodore had been counting on its consumer business to stay sufficiently healthy to support its efforts in other areas -- mainly in getting schools and businesses to use its Amiga , which has slick graphics yet has been slow to catch on because it is n't compatible with Apple Computer Inc. or International Business Machines Corp. hardware . 
Others point out that lawyers in small communities have always had a feel for public sentiment -- and used that to advantage . 
( The average should drop over time , since the most expensive claims are being settled first ) . 
Before the 1987 crash , an estimated $ 60 billion in institutional money was managed under this hedging technique . 
`` People took separate development as an opportunity to use black labor without ever getting rid of it . 
In addition , IBM noted that the stronger dollar has cut the value of overseas revenue and earnings when they are translated into dollars . 
So he asked the IRS if the plan would work . 
Environmental concerns are beginning to have as much influence in oil-industry spending plans as the price of crude does . 
`` He 's a genuine Wheaties-box athlete , '' gushes Mr. Jones . 
After fees and repayment of debt , Avery is left with about $ 24 million in cash and securities from the Uniroyal sale . 
This is Bobby Thomson . '' 
The California Democrat appeared embarrassed by provisions inserted on behalf of owners of private beaches in the Virgin Islands , and lumber interests sought to add another $ 100 million in federal aid to plant timber on private land in North and South Carolina . 
With the acquisition , Monogram , Blue Ash , Ohio , has more than 2.4 million total accounts , GE Capital added . 
Satisfying its interests was a priority for any Panamanian leader . 
The situation was like that of a skier who is thrown slightly off balance by an unexpected bump on the slope . 
Revenue rose 77 % to $ 72.6 million , from last year 's $ 41 million . 
Elections in this large , diverse and passionate nation are always hard to predict . 
Mr. Briscoe , who also forecasts a # 1.3 billion current account gap , warns that even if the trade figures are bullish for sterling , the currency wo n't advance much because investors will want to see further evidence of the turnaround before adjusting positions . 
The plan places an indicated value on the real estate operation , Santa Fe Pacific Realty Corp. , of $ 2 billion . 
It is widely known within industry circles that Hess had to buy oil products in the high-priced spot markets to continue supplying its customers . 
The space shuttle Atlantis blasted into orbit from Cape Canaveral , Fla. , and its crew of five astronauts launched the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on a flight to the planet Jupiter . 
Some supporters were stunned this summer when Mr. Dinkins suggested weakening the law forbidding public employees to go on strike . 
The Manufacturers Hanover Corp. unit , which is seeking repayment of a $ 36 million loan , has asked the court to give its claim priority over that of Minpeco , which won a $ 132 million judgment against Mr. Hunt , his brother Nelson Bunker Hunt and other defendants last year in a case stemming from their alleged attempts to corner the silver market in 
Profits are also plowed back into the community ; the non-profit Vermont-Slauson Economic Development Corp. receives 60 % of the profits from the Vermont-Slauson Center and uses the money to provide moderate and low-cost housing in the community -- now running into the hundreds of units -- as well as commercial and industrial development projects . 
Mr. Kaplan , author of `` Surrender or Starve : The Wars Behind the Famine '' ( Westview Press , 1988 ) , lives in Lisbon . 
IF YOUR FLIGHT attendant seems a little weary , it may be because he or she has been working 20 straight hours . 
Apogee Robotics Inc. said its board extended until Feb. 1 the exercise period of Apogee 's existing stock purchase warrants outstanding . 
Mr. Tucker , 56 years old , is currently vice president and chief operating officer of Bell Atlantic 's C&P Telephone unit . 
Say a big investor is interested in growth stocks . 
The dollar rose against the Swiss and French francs . 
And the state 's delegation is fearful that the new funding will be counted against a separate $ 185 million in federal highway funds it would expect to receive under its normal allocation this year . 
Gerald E. Wilson , corporate secretary and legal counsel , said the company would n't disclose further details . 
The state had sought as much as $ 4.1 billion in relief , but yesterday the House approved a more general scaled-back measure calling for $ 2.85 billion in aid , the bulk of which would go to California , with an unspecified amount going to regions affected by Hurricane Hugo . 
The czars were no civil libertarians . 
The $ 6 billion that some 40 companies are looking to raise in the year ending March 31 compares with only $ 2.7 billion raised on the capital market in the previous fiscal year . 
It 's not uncommon to wait three minutes for a dial tone after picking up the telephone , and then to be interrupted by a busy signal before finishing dialing the number . 
The share repurchase will be funded mostly from borrowings . 
They say that 's especially important this late in the growth phase of the economic cycle , when there 's no robust bull market to bail investors out of their mistakes . 
Then there are Mr. Dinkins 's old-time Harlem colleagues , such as U.S. Rep. Rangel , former Deputy Mayor Paterson and Mr. Sutton . 
The National Cancer Institute report compares mortality rates of two groups of people between the ages of 35 and 44 a decade apart . 
`` I 'm not going to be stampeded into overreacting to any of this , President Bush told Mr. Apple in this week 's interview . 
The Wilbur translation is remarkable -- well worth a read and even better seen in the theater if you ever have the opportunity . 
`` One possible explanation for this decline '' in taking cases to trial , says Mr. Burnham , `` is that the number of defendants being charged with crimes by all U.S. attorneys has substantially increased . '' 
For the year-earlier period , the company reported a loss of $ 520,000 or six cents a share . 
The release of MiniScribe 's new balance sheet came one day after it introduced its new line of one-inch disk drives , on which it is pinning much of its hope for survival . 
In the Senate , Majority Whip Alan Cranston used his position to win not only the expanded credit but also more generous treatment than the House had permitted in the distribution of highway funds in the next six months . 
The current contract pays the NFL $ 1.4 billion . 
`` At a certain price , if the management thinks { the stock } is cheap , they can go in and buy it . '' 
The heavy buying in the last half hour led the specialists to take special steps . 
Traders said these issues need large-volume buying to push up their prices , so substantial gains are n't likely unless institutional investors participate . 
In the 1988 quarter , the Phoenix , Ariz. , commercial banking concern earned $ 18.7 million . 
A lot of bad things can happen in 12 years . 
That contract fell a total of 5.75 cents during the first three days of this week , mostly in reaction to last Friday 's stock market plunge , which prompted concern that it might signal a similar sharp slowing of the U.S. economy and thus reduced demand for copper , a leading industrial metal . 
A bidding war for Jaguar became more likely as Britain unexpectedly decided to end restrictions blocking a takeover of the luxury car maker . 
Last Friday , after Congress passed it anyway , he hinted he was looking for compromise . 
They did n't play the third game of the World Series on Tuesday night as scheduled , and they did n't play it on Wednesday or Thursday either . 
The ice samples are an important piece of evidence supporting theories that the Earth has warmed considerably in recent times , largely because of pollutants in the air , and will warm far more in the century ahead . 
Georgia-Pacific owns 349,900 Nekoosa shares and would need federal antitrust clearance to buy more than $ 15 million worth . 
Instead , the tests will focus heavily on new blends of gasoline , which are still undeveloped but which the petroleum industry has been touting as a solution for automobile pollution that is choking urban areas . 
The Big Board has refused to be drawn into a public debate about program trading . 
If a conductor is sensitive enough to bring down the orchestra { volume } at that point , it makes the piece magical . 
And Gorky , considered the father of Soviet socialist realism , did not write plays that easily lend themselves to deliberately antirealistic distancing techniques . 
According to the American Cancer Society , smoking is responsible for 85 % of the lung-cancer cases among men and 75 % among women . 
In light of the poor results recently , he says , the agency is adopting an `` attitude of flexibility . '' 
That caused a brief period of panic selling of stocks on the Big Board . 
-- Thomas Henry . 
Democracy is making a return with a vengeance to Latin America 's most populous and deeply indebted country . 
But at age 55 , `` they may be a great deal , '' says Mr. Wilson , the Columbia , S.C. , planner . 
Sen. Kennedy , never mind his dubious credentials for the moral high ground , emoted brilliantly . 
The current liberalization and decentralization of foreign trade would be taken much further . 
At the end of the third quarter McDonald 's had 10,873 units operating world-wide . 
The meeting offered stark evidence of a dramatic fall in scientific interest in cold fusion research . 
The Orwellian `` New World Information Order '' would give government officials rights against the press ; journalists would be obliged to kowtow to their government , which would have licensing and censorship powers and , indeed , duties to block printing of `` wrong '' ideas . 
He is now changing the place he sleeps every night , sometimes more than once a night . 
`` Those things will all come up , but in a fairly informal way . '' 
The company said its revenue will exceed $ 750 million this year . 
Two directors of Pegasus Gold Inc. , a Spokane , Wash. , precious-metals mining firm , sold most of their holdings in the company Aug. 31 . 
Could the collapse of I-880 have been prevented ? 
But there are currently more exchange members than in 1975 , with the bigger houses gaining a larger share of total commissions . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on long-term debt of CS First Boston Inc. , the holding company of Wall Street giant First Boston Corp. , because of First Boston 's `` aggressive merchant banking risk '' in highly leveraged takeovers . 
Yet abortion-rights forces remain bitterly critical . 
Although it was published unsigned in the latest edition of the weekly Ekonomicheskaya Gazeta , Soviet sources say the article was written by Leonid Abalkin and a small group of colleagues . 
Frankly , the only way I can think of to accomplish this is to make it possible for addicts to buy drugs at some regulated place at a price that approximates their cost . 
With the advantage of playing white ( which moves first ) , Mr. Kasparov followed up cleverly against the computer 's defense , a Queen 's Gambit Accepted . 
Graduate students are taking longer than ever to get their doctor of philosophy degrees , the National Research Council says . 
Some investors are skeptical of growth stocks because investing in them means ignoring that maxim found in the fine print of some investment advertisements -- that past performance is n't indicative of future results . 
In magazines , higher advertising revenues at Sports Illustrated and Fortune were offset by lower ad revenue for other major magazines . 
Instead , Congress opted for the inches , feet and yards the colonists had brought with them . 
The bill also imposes the California auto-emissions standards on all cars nationwide , as if a car registered in Big Sky , Montana , needed to be as clean as one driven in Los Angeles . 
Last night , after meeting with Mr. Bush and administration officials at the White House , Mr. Dole proposed streamlining the fiscal 1990 deficit-reduction bill , now stalled in a House-Senate conference committee , and passing a long-term extension of the federal debt ceiling without any accompanying amendments . 
For each poll , the odds are 19 out of 20 that if pollsters had sought to survey every household in the U.S. using the same questionnaire , the findings would differ from these poll results by no more than 2 1\/2 percentage points in either direction . 
They eat `` sinful and sensual things '' -- and explain their clips . 
`` Maybe the next day or even an hour later , I would n't have done it . '' 
`` Even though brand loyalty is rather strong for coffee , we need advertising to maintain and strengthen it . '' 
`` The shareholders effectively will support the share price by clearing the share buy-back . '' 
In addition , in any survey , there is always the chance that other factors such as question wording could introduce errors into the findings . 
Wendy Gramm , the agency 's chairman , told the Senate Agriculture Committee that she expects the study to be released within two weeks and the rule changes to be completed by Thanksgiving . 
But instead of a minimum price , only a target price will be established . 
`` The philosophy is to make the patient and the family very responsible for a portion of their own care , '' says Anthony J. Grieco , medical director of cooperative care at New York University Medical Center , where the concept began 10 years ago . 
He said results were better than he 'd expected and indicate that Goodyear is in the midst of a turnaround from a string of lackluster quarters that have plagued the company for a year . 
`` The extent of the claims wo n't be known for some time , '' Mr. Leach said . 
Among the biggest winners were brokerage-house stocks , responding to heavy trading volume . 
The $ 472 million of losses State Farm expects from Hugo and an additional $ 300 million from the earthquake are less than 5 % of State Farm 's $ 16.7 billion total net worth . 
`` The Campeau situation is a little uncertain and very difficult to analyze . '' 
`` We 're still interested { in diversifying } , '' he says , `` but we 'd rather be prudent than make a mistake . '' 
Intel eased 1\/8 to 31 7\/8 . 
Everybody 's finger is one inch closer to the button . 
The exchange , he says , must find new products and new markets . 
The company said the situation in the U.S. is still uncertain as reduced production in the country 's automotive industry has resulted in weakened demand for rolling bearings . 
Mr. Nadeau said he intends to remain Provigo 's chief executive only until the non-food businesses are sold , after a which a new chief executive will be named . 
However , their search notably wo n't include natural gas or pure methanol -- the two front-running alternative fuels -- in tests to be completed by next summer . 
Mr. Rambo says that a 3.2-acre property overlooking the San Fernando Valley is priced at $ 4 million because the late actor Erroll Flynn once lived there . 
After years of talking about selling in Japan , more and more U.S. companies are seriously pouring in . 
And there were Senate hearings on the questions in July 1972 . 
For the past decade , NEC Corp. has owned more than half the Japanese PC market and ruled it with near-monopoly power . 
The $ 1.5 billion Fidelity High Income Fund has had a net outflow of about $ 150 million in the past two months . 
What makes the most sense is to find someone who wants to buy the whole company or cause a recapitalization of all shares . '' 
The company expects a need for 140,000 megawatts of new generation in the U.S. over the next decade . 
Mr. Alexander of Computerworld said hackers have gone after SPAN before . 
Indeed , at least four other West German banks are believed to be making inquiries . 
Dr. Dryja made his retinoblastoma discovery in 1986 . 
They included one of Mr. Noriega 's closest friends and business partners , Carlos Wittgreen . 
The recent natural disasters , and the need of many other cities to rebuild crumbling infrastructure , suggests that supply of new issues will continue to rise sharply -- even as demand tapers off . 
Owners are voluntarily -- and quietly -- turning over properties to lenders through `` deeds in lieu of foreclosure . '' 
There are die-hard bodies , of course . 
On the hungry streets of Naguib Mahfouz 's Cairo , life is nasty , brutish and wickedly entertaining . 
Advancing issues beat declining ones , 1,271 to 811 . 
Five countries announced they would not honor what one Zimbabwean delegate wryly called the `` made in Switzerland '' solution . 
When we go there , it 's quite different from these Hollywood places where the sandwiches are spread out on the table and the people are picking their noses . '' 
In recent months , sales of home improvement items have sagged , along with sales of other big ticket durable goods . 
But recent events indicate that federal credit is out of control . 
`` Thank God we have some deal on the table , '' said Stewart Gilchrist , a director at Scottish Amicable Investment Managers , which intends to vote its roughly 1 % stake in favor of the restructuring . 
Depending on the type of software and peripherals used , the machines can serve either as the main computer in a network of many terminals ( a role usually filled by a minicomputer ) , as a technical workstation or as a very fast personal computer . 
Earnings from Union Pacific Realty dropped 50 % to $ 3 million . 
Then we began to file out , to wait safely on terra firma for the opening pitch . 
Among previously disclosed possible bidders is Bloomingdale 's Chairman Marvin Traub , who has aligned himself with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. and Blackstone Group . 
Tuesday 's earthquake will depress local real-estate values in the short term and force companies to reconsider expanding in or relocating to the Bay Area and California , real-estate and relocation specialists said . 
Friday 's stock market plunge claimed its second victim among the scores of futures and options trading firms here . 
Opponents do n't buy such arguments . 
Arvind Patel , a processor and exporter of the seed , raves : `` If psyllium takes the place of oat bran , it will be huge . '' 
Officials in East Berlin , responding to complaints from opposition groups , admitted police used excessive force in dispersing protesters this month . 
Lion Nathan issued a statement saying it is applying to Australia 's National Companies & Securities Commission , the nation 's corporate watchdog agency , for a modification to takeover regulations `` similar to that obtained by '' S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd . 
In the aftermath of the California earthquake , President Bush and his aides flew into a whirlwind of earthquake-related activity yesterday morning . 
Tenders for the bonds , available in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 , must be received by 1 p.m. EDT Wednesday at Federal Reserve banks . 
The White House said Bush is conferring with leaders of the Senate Intelligence Committee to ease differences over guidelines for CIA agents . 
Downtown Bolinas seems to be the part of town that 's worst off . 
The ratings concern said the acquisition should result in pretax losses from operations because of increases in interest expense and charges for depreciation and amortization , but that it expects the losses to be reduced through productivity gains and above average growth of the company 's hospitals . 
`` No one yet has shown the ability to manufacture these panels '' at commercial costs , says Zvi Yaniv , the president of Ovonic Imaging . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , ITT common stock fell 62.5 cents to close at $ 58.75 a share . 
`` Most want cardiovascular conditioning ... the No. 1 way of reducing risk of heart disease . '' 
At the end of the term of the convertible loan , Sears could still own half the building , and AEW could own the other half . 
Industrial production declined 0.1 % in September , reinforcing other signs that the manufacturing sector continues its slowing trend . 
`` I do n't see this as a bear market at all . 
But they will have disappointing returns or even losses if interest rates rise instead . 
Oil and auto companies supported a move on Capitol Hill last week to gut Mr. Bush 's plans to require auto makers to begin selling alternative-fueled cars by 1995 . 
The noncallable issue , which is puttable back to the company Nov. 1 , 1994 , was priced at a spread of 62.5 basis points above the Treasury 's five-year note . 
Needless to say , he was talking about RICO . 
Messrs. Jacobson and Bates walked on the Big Board floor at about 8:45 a.m. yesterday and immediately spotted trouble . 
I estimate that these mismeasurements as detailed by Martin N. Baily and Robert J. Gordon add a further 0.12 percentage point to the downward bias in the growth rate of real business product . 
Some people call it `` The Mistake on the Lake '' -- Lake Erie , that is . 
Put more simply , GOP candidates for president are looked on more kindly by voters than Republican candidates for the Senate when the prisoner 's dilemma is more severe . 
General Motors Corp. , a Deloitte audit client , for example , has agreed to keep its annual $ 18 million world-wide audit and associated tax work with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm , to be known as Deloitte & Touche in the U.S. . 
Is that the forecast ? '' Mr. O'Brien asks , trying to pin down the economist . 
For the nine months , net income rose 19 % to $ 449 million , or $ 2.40 a share , from $ 375.9 million , or $ 2.01 a share , a year earlier . 
But even that brings Nissan only to the share it had in 1987 , and leaves the company behind its high of 5.5 % in 1980 and 1982 . 
In recent months , numerous retailers have filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , including Bonwit Teller , B. Altman & Co. , and Miller & Rhoads Inc . 
Mr. Chan talks optimistically of expanding , maybe even moving into the import-export field . 
A typical British executive car is mass produced and smaller than a luxury car . 
Among declining issues , a weak earnings outlook drove Groundwater Technology down 6 1\/4 to 24 . 
Suddenly , George Bush the pro-choice advocate became George Bush the anti-abortionist . 
Of course , neither President Bush nor the Congress has actually abandoned the Contras or SDI . 
The entertainment concern said the success of several movies released during the quarter , including `` Parenthood '' and `` Uncle Buck , '' contributed to record revenue for its film unit . 
Brooks expects to pay Coin Wrap a total of about $ 20,000 -- a cost that insurance wo n't cover . 
Florida National stock closed unchanged at $ 25.875 in national over-the-counter trading . 
But Takashi Kitamura , director of the biology department at Japan 's National Institute of Health and secretary of the government 's AIDS-research center , said , `` I 'm not so optimistic of its future use in therapeutic methods . '' 
But South Korean auto makers are confident that the export market will bounce back and that demand in Korea will stay strong . 
But right now programmers are figuring that viewers who are busy dialing up a range of services may put down their remote control zappers and stay tuned . 
Without P&G 's backing , Noxell might not have been able to spend the estimated $ 5 million to $ 7 million needed to accomplish that without scrimping on its existing brands . 
Sales gained 5 % to $ 1.59 billion from $ 1.52 billion . 
In the additional time they provide even more order imbalances might pile up , as would-be sellers finally get their broker on the phone . 
It now is quietly circulating among creditors a preliminary plan to restructure debt . 
The farmer barges into the naczelnik 's office . 
The drop in those and other technology stocks contributed to an 0.7 % slide by the Nasdaq composite index . 
Diamond-Star Motors Corp. , a joint venture of Chrysler Corp. and Mitsubishi Motors Corp. said it will begin shipping Mitsubishi Eclipse cars to Japan next week , emulating other Japanese auto ventures shipping U.S.-built vehicles back to Japan . 
At 18,000 feet , he says , he and his co-pilot `` were looking for an interstate or a cornfield '' to land . 
That 's why some investment managers , such as Alex Powers , a vice president of Chase Manhattan Bank 's private banking division , do n't recommend most asset-backed issues for individuals in high-tax states , such as New York or California . 
`` Progressive education '' ( as it was once called ) is far more interesting and agreeable to teachers than is disciplined instruction . 
Dun & Bradstreet 's stock price began its recent spiral downward last Wednesday , when the company reported third-quarter results . 
-- Democratization . 
The Catastrophic Coverage Act would add a stop-loss provision next year to limit the maximum beneficiaries must pay for doctors . 
In the Gulf of Mexico , a boat to deliver supplies to offshore rigs now costs around $ 3,000 a day , up nearly 60 % since June . 
Real Texans do n't play paddleball , at least I hope not . 
The $ 3.18 billion bid , which had been rumored since last week , `` creates a better feeling that there 's value in the market at current levels and renews prospects for a hot tape , '' says A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research Corp . 
In a new TV ad , for instance , a woman going through the Sunday newspaper brands as hype claims by other stores that they are offering goods for `` 50 % , 60 % and 70 % off . 
Monte dei Paschi di Siena , Singapore branch ( Italian parent ) , via the Law Debenture Trust Corp. -- 
1:20 a.m . 
`` We are n't inclined to prune stock portfolios now , '' says Steven G. Einhorn , chairman of the investment policy committee of Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
The offering was priced with an 8.95 % coupon rate at 99.1875 % to yield 9.19 % . 
Insurance stocks moved higher in the wake of a strong third-quarter earnings report from Chubb , coming on the heels of speculation that last week 's devastating earthquake in the San Francisco area would lead to higher premium rates . 
A `` three '' is 10 times 10 again , and so on . 
Is somebody telling us something ? 
At Kidder , Peabody & Co. 's Sacramento branch , Manager Janet White received calls yesterday morning from workers in San Francisco who offered to work in Sacramento . 
GTE officials began posting warning notices about the potential threat to exposure Wednesday morning at various places at the company , said GTE spokesman Thomas Mattausch . 
Poachers would control the underground trade . 
`` Teddy Z '' was boosted by favorable reviews and a network-wide promotional tie-in contest with K mart Corp . 
A spokesman said later that Mr. Olson was being `` conservative '' in his estimate . 
The organization is scheduled to meet in Vienna beginning Nov. 25 . 
The health-care company said it expects the refund to be included in the first quarter ending Nov. 30 . 
Thus , in an unprecedented arrangement underscoring the seriousness of the transfer , the CBOE , the American Stock Exchange and the Options Clearing Corp. , as well as the firm 's owner , Stephen Fossett , put up a total of $ 50 million to guarantee the customer positions being transferred to the bank holding company subsidiary in case the market plunged again yesterday . 
The spacecraft 's five astronauts are to dispatch the nuclear-powered Galileo space probe on an exploratory mission to Jupiter . 
The Senate convicted U.S. District Judge Alcee Hastings of Florida of eight impeachment articles , removing the 53-year-old judge from his $ 89,500-a-year , lifetime job . 
Loud rock music accompanies all the scene changes , even those in the convent . 
`` To be profitable , the paper requires more circulation and building circulation is an expensive undertaking , '' said John Macfarlane , the paper 's publisher . 
The ruling also may determine how quickly LTV is able to complete its Chapter 11 reorganization . 
After the earthquake two weeks ago , brokers say companies scrambled to replace reinsurance coverages again and Lloyd 's syndicates turned to the London market excess lines for protection of their own . 
Computer Sciences would n't disclose the proposed purchase price for Cleveland Consulting , which counsels companies on logistics and supply . 
By 1988 , when only 10 genetic probe-based tests of diagnostic infectious diseases of humans had been approved for marketing by the Food and Drug Administration , eight of them had been developed and sold by Gen-Probe . 
Or was it because Ms. Collins had gone ? 
But it is his portrait of Cairo low-life -- of charlatans and opium addicts , of streets filled with `` dust , vegetable litter , and animal dung '' -- that made his reputation , and won him the Nobel Prize in 1988 . 
IBM said it expects industrywide efforts to become prevalent because semiconductor manufacturing has become so expensive . 
Now , in fact , he is predicting economic growth of 2.9 % this year and 2.1 % next year , a more optimistic outlook than the consensus of some four dozen top forecasters surveyed by Blue Chip Economic Indicators newsletter . 
Other RJR issues fell between 1\/2 point and 1 1\/2 point . 
East German Protestantism in particular fears Mr. Krenz , in part because of an incident in January 1988 when he was believed to have ordered the arrest of hundreds of dissidents who had sought refuge in the Church . 
`` The deadbeats are still deadbeats , '' said Mr. Feinman of Drexel . 
Similar studies are expected to reveal how stroke patients ' brains regroup -- a first step toward finding ways to bolster that process and speed rehabilitation . 
But it is n't clear why that should be so . 
But what do we mean , specifically , by `` creativity '' ? 
The offer from IMA Acquisition Corp. , for as many as 63 million shares , is set to expire Wednesday . 
Nomura said its pretax profits inched up 0.9 % to 248.91 billion yen ( US$ 1.75 billion ) from 246.60 billion yen in the six months ended March 31 . 
Some jobs already have been moved to Australia , and there are plans to place others in Canada . 
`` The whole idea here is the automobile and oil companies have joint customers , '' said Keith McHenry , a senior vice president of technology at Amoco Corp . 
The judge also said the two marital testimonial privileges cited by Mrs. Marcos do n't apply . 
In this way , the house is not dumped on to a glutted market . 
Over the first few weeks , `` Mancuso FBI '' has sprung straight from the headlines , which is either a commendable stab at topicality , or a lack of imagination , or both . 
Instead , they argued that impeachment aims to protect public institutions from people who have abused their positions of trust , irrespective of the outcome of prior criminal or civil cases . 
In New York , Roger Killion , a Hambrecht executive vice president , said he expects OTC trading at the company to resume this morning , either in New York or in San Francisco . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Inc. , battling a takeover proposal by Canada 's DD Acquisition Corp. , said that its directors will evaluate takeover offers submitted by Nov. 10 . 
But what the Senate Judiciary Committee has done in supporting the strongly worded Armenian resolution achieves no useful end ; it merely produces more controversy and embittered memories . 
With airline deals in a tailspin , legendary Wall Street trader Michael Steinhardt could have trouble parachuting out of USAir Group , traders say . 
Jeffrey Tarter , editor of SoftLetter , a Watertown , Mass. , industry newsletter , says : `` I 've seen a lot of people fooling around on the fringes of filtering information . 
But individuals familiar with the generally successful Drexel talks say the firm is meeting resistance from some big states , including New Jersey , New York , California , Pennsylvania , Connecticut and Missouri . 
At the ritzy Fashion Island Shopping Center , the tanned and elegant ladies of this wealthy Southern California beach community disembark from their Mercedes-Benzes and BMWs for another day of exercising their credit cards . 
`` Caution should ... be the rule of the day , '' said Mr. Leigh-Pemberton in a speech to the Association of Corporate Treasurers ' annual dinner . 
But on reflection , Mr. Oka says , he concluded that Nissan is being prudent in following its slow-startup strategy instead of simply copying Lexus . 
In her cookbook , which Macmillan is bringing out in soft cover this month ( with the blini recipe revised so it works ) , she introduces each chapter with appropriate quotations from Russian literature : Pushkin on blini , Goncharov on piroghi . 
`` Everyone else is going to catch up '' with Nissan 's innovative designs , says A. Rama Krishna , auto analyst at First Boston ( Japan ) Ltd . 
The 301-year-old exchange is battered by enormous claims from a decade-long run of unprecedented disasters , the most recent of which is last week 's earthquake in California 's Bay Area . 
Soviet police clashed with demonstrators in Moscow following a candlelight vigil around the KGB 's Lubyanka headquarters in memory of those persecuted under Stalin . 
Procter & Gamble Co. recently introduced refillable versions of four products , including Tide and Mr. Clean , in Canada , but does n't plan to bring them to the U.S. . 
But Glenn Daily , a New York-based financial consultant , warns that many of these bonuses are `` just fantasies , '' because most are n't guaranteed by the companies . 
Last Thursday , Merrill Lynch securities analyst Peter Falco downgraded his investment rating on the firm , according to Dow Jones Professional Investors Report , citing a slowdown in the credit-reporting business . 
I 'm at extension 29 . ' '' 
Nguyen Ngoc seemed an obvious choice when the Vietnamese Writers Association was looking for a new editor to reform its weekly newspaper , Van Nghe . 
Some of these ideas are again under consideration in Congress . 
`` I pull my hair back , wear a little makeup and look corporate , '' says Ms. Byler , who has been visiting Emerson since January . 
But many predicted that the commercial disruption would be short-lived . 
For political as well as economic reasons , U.S. companies are at the top of his priorities -- a point he underscored by spending two hours walking around the U.S. trade show last week . 
Industry analysts speculated that Mr. Price 's sudden departure may have stemmed from conflicts with Mr. Gatward . 
Until it was closed Tuesday , it had provided the quickest series of exits for commuters from the Bay Bridge heading into the Financial District . 
The two leaders are expected to discuss changes sweeping the East bloc as well as human-rights issues , regional disputes and economic cooperation . 
Other cases go to show that an old saw still applies : If it sounds too good to be true , it probably is . 
Investing four million Swiss francs earned from his financial transactions and two million Swiss francs from his parents and his wife , Mr. Rey acquired 20 % of Bally 's shares . 
Consumer groups have long advocated that drug companies and doctors make more information available to patients . 
For each $ 1,000 of notes , the maker of specialty metals , industrial fasteners and consumer products will pay $ 1,026.46 plus $ 8.68 of interest accrued from Dec. 1 . 
Oddly , though , on the very same page you printed a comment that addresses one of the most serious shortcomings of the American education system . 
The battle for customer loyalty is evident along the Cobb Parkway strip . 
He said he would convene hearings within two weeks . 
At Fireman 's Fund Corp. , a spokesman said 142 claims were received in the first 24 hours after the quake , and the company is braced for as many as 5,000 claims from its 35,000 residential and 35,000 business policyholders in the affected area . 
The declines mainly reflected widespread weakness in durable goods , those intended to last more than three years . 
Outstanding contracts are those that remain to be liquidated . 
Prices for general-purpose PVC resin have dropped more than 15 % since last December , he said . 
First half ended , June 30 , 1989 : 
In the recent Housing and Urban Development Department scandal , for example , Rep. Thomas Lantos , the California Democrat who led the hearings , tiptoed through embarrassing disclosures about HUD grants secured by Sen. Alfonse D'Amato , a New York Republican . 
The administration officials do n't ordinarily meet with the entire membership of the open market committee . 
He has two more years at Texas A&M . 
When the bikes first entered mass production in 1981 , they were dismissed as a fad . 
And on a closer 250-170 roll call , lawmakers upheld controversial agreements made by a House-Senate conference earmarking community development funds for more than 40 projects backed by often influential members . 
Moody 's said Houston Lighting 's current situation has some positive aspects , including managing `` very well '' the construction and commercial operation risks of Units 1 and 2 of the South Texas Project nuclear power plant . 
`` The rate we 're going , I think that by the end of the month , we 're looking to have a total of 30 to 35 , '' he said . 
But an early 80-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average stopped the crude rally cold . 
As Georgia-Pacific 's bid for Great Northern Nekoosa has shown , uninvited takeovers are still alive despite premature reports of their demise . 
The supporting lineup is solid , the patter is amusing and there 's even a cameo by Bernie Ohls , the `` good cop '' of previous Chandler books who still does n't hesitate to have Marlowe jailed when it suits his purposes . 
Conservative Japanese investors are put off by what they consider Mexico 's restrictive investment regulations and loose work habits . 
Funds might be forced to accept lower prices if they expand their selling to the securities of less-creditworthy borrowers . 
Some consultants had insisted it would n't work . 
`` The market has been overly harsh to them . '' 
Southwood J. Morcott , Dana 's president , said the company 's decision to approve its normal fourth-quarter dividend indicated its underlying strength . 
The sole A not to homer was cleanup hitter Mark McGwire , their regular-season leader with 33 , and he contributed five hits plus a diving fielding play on a ground ball in Game Three that stopped a Giant rally while the issue still was in doubt . 
`` He reassured me that the hurricane would end , '' Mr. Deaver recalls . 
`` People come to us saying they 'd like to be back where they were a few years ago , in a more collegial atmosphere , with less tension , '' says Stephen Waterhouse , managing director of Hanover Partners Ltd. , a financial district head-hunting firm . 
Mr. Noriega was growing desperate . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered ratings on about $ 650 million of Beatrice Co. debt , citing the closely held Chicago food concern 's proposed recapitalization . 
That tends to tilt the public debate toward `` solutions '' even when some of the most knowledgeable scientists are skeptical about the seriousness of the threats and the insistence of urgency . 
A corporation that wants to sell stock or bonds goes to a Wall Street firm , which purchases the securities outright , accepting the financial risk of finding buyers . 
Despite seeing his plan for Israeli-Palestinian elections wither , the cautious secretary of state is so far unwilling to cut U.S. economic or military aid to force Israeli cooperation . 
The cup had been insured , and in short order it was given over to a Chubb & Son representative . 
Airline Economics Inc. , an aviation consulting firm , is projecting an industrywide operating profit of $ 2.5 billion for 1989 , compared with earlier forecasts of $ 3 billion to $ 3.5 billion . 
Lebanon 's Christian leader convened an emergency meeting of his cabinet after indications that he might dissolve Parliament in an attempt to scuttle an Arab-sponsored peace plan . 
The U.S. said it would fully support the resistance -- and did n't . 
The charge is offset by an after-tax gain of about $ 30 million in the quarter from the previously announced pact to sell National Aluminum 's rolling division . 
The dollar was barely changed against the West German mark and up marginally against the Japanese yen . 
His original strategy ( in itself a brilliant innovation for spreading a religion ) was to create new economic enterprises each time he wanted to extend and fund his various religious missions . 
Chancellor Kohl , meanwhile , has invited Mr. Krenz to open discussions with Bonn on a wide range of subjects . 
Investigators have been trying to determine whether the crash was an accident , sabotage or suicide . 
He also owns courses in the U.S. and France . 
American Medical said it would pursue the inquiries from the companies , but would n't identify them unless they make firm offers . 
With a market order , an investor tells a broker to buy or sell `` at the market . '' 
For Mr. Sherwin , a conviction could carry penalties of five years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine on each count . 
The move is consistent with a trend for corporate legal staffs to do more work in-house , instead of farming it out to law firms . 
Investors rushed to buy bonds during the summer as prices soared on speculation that interest rates would continue to fall . 
Peter Isler , the winning navigator in the past two America 's Cup challenges , has split from the team led by Dennis Conner , skipper of the victorious Stars & Stripes , to form his own team for the next contest in 1992 . 
Digital 's VAX 9000 mainframes , which it claimed were among the fastest available , were priced from $ 1.2 million to $ 3.9 million , sharply lower than IBM models of comparable power . 
`` He 's wise , he 's good and I know he 's an honest man , '' the Texan says . 
Yet in Mr. Laband 's rehash of free-market logic , human greed and self-interest are the only permissible psychological reactions . 
That tariff is too stiff for some Financial District wage earners . 
Dr. Toseland said most of the British diabetics who died had been taking a human-based insulin made by Novo\/Nordisk , a Danish manufacturer . 
The ghosts of the past are everywhere : They are kept at bay only by feeding them vast quantities of our defense budget . 
To promote its new strategy , National Convenience said it plans to spend about $ 12 million on advertising for the year ending June 30 , up from about $ 10 million in fiscal 1989 . 
Silicon Graphics , on the other hand , has targeted a specific niche since its inception in 1982 , which has been dubbed by some as `` motion-picture computing . '' 
Washington , D.C. , topped the competitive slate yesterday with a sale of $ 200 million of general obligation tax revenue anticipation notes . 
The number of people receiving state benefits in the week ended Oct. 7 fell to a seasonally adjusted 2,202,000 , or 2.1 % of those covered by unemployment insurance , from 2,205,000 the previous week , when the insured unemployment rate was 2.2 % . 
ABC lost $ 75 million on the 1988 Winter Games , partly because of its $ 309 million rights fee . 
Another reason : Emboldened by their success in helping to scuttle the previous transaction , the machinists are likely to be more aggressive if a second buy-out attempt occurs . 
Sales rose 7.4 % to 1.255 trillion yen from 1.168 trillion yen . 
Recent changes in average annual age-specific lung-cancer rates per 100,000 population by race and sex . 
2 . Formally or informally , train all your managers and supervisors in the company 's due-process approach . 
The Mitsubishi family company acquired that property from the government some 100 years ago when it was a portion of samurai residential land running from the moat of the Imperial Palace east toward the hodgepodge of tiny shops and twisted alleys that made up the merchants ' district . 
`` Once buying habits are formed , they 're very hard to break , '' declares Thomas Mignanelli , executive vice president for Nissan 's U.S. sales operations . 
In Big Board composite trading , Schering-Plough shares fell 75 cents to close at $ 74.125 . 
Noriega was an expert at bribing and blackmailing people . '' 
Japanese companies have a caveat competitor attitude . 
Getting out of them , however , may be a different story now . 
Nearly 70 % of cosmetics sales come through mass-distribution outlets such as drug stores and supermarkets , according to Andrew Shore , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Mr. Mayor 's hope that references to `` press freedom '' would survive unamended seems doomed to failure ; the current phrasing is `` educating the public and media to avoid manipulation . '' 
While many solutions to the nation 's economic troubles are being discussed , the blueprint is attracting widespread attention here because of its comprehensiveness and presumed high-level authorship . 
THE CHECKOFF : At least somebody gains on layoffs . 
Rivals carp at `` the principle of Pilson , '' as NBC 's Arthur Watson once put it -- `` he 's always expounding that rights are too high , then he 's going crazy . '' 
Bigger rivals , such as Aetna and Allianz , backed by armies of statisticians using computers in hundreds of branches , operate more efficiently and often can offer lower rates , brokers say . 
The Appellate Division of New York State Supreme Court dismissed six lawsuits attempting to block a $ 2.5 billion project planned for 42nd Street in Manhattan . 
On average , something that cost $ 100 30 years ago now costs $ 425 . 
More than 70,000 people filled a soccer stadium on the outskirts of the black township of Soweto and welcomed freed leaders of the outlawed African National Congress . 
The president apparently will have only one bill to push , Sen. Packwood 's , and at least some of the dissident Democrats plan to support it . 
Aeroflot 's international fleet of 285 planes is being repainted and refurbished at Shannon Airport . 
In the hard-hit Marina neighborhood , life after the earthquake is often all too real , but sometimes surreal . 
Consider the troubling dissonance between Mr. Shevardnadze 's speech of confession this week and the hang-tough defense of everyone concerned with the Iran-Contra affair . 
Mr. Seidman , a director of Crestmont since July , is general partner of Seidman Financial Associates , which owns 9.89 % of Crestmont . 
The bill would `` divert scarce resources of the commission away from broker-dealers into areas which simply have no way of affecting broker-dealers , '' Mr. Raoul-Duval said . 
The new candy bars , `` make an important contribution to our Nestle Foods commitment to this very important strategic unit , '' said C. Alan MacDonald , president of Nestle Foods in Purchase , N.Y . 
Under the proposed combination , Marsh & McLennan would gain a majority stake in Gradmann & Holler that would increase over time to the rest of the remaining 85 % . 
From the air , ribbons of yellow fire hose carry water from the bay to high-pressure nozzles trained on the site . 
Globe columnist Mike Barnicle -- in the second attack on his employer in as many weeks -- averred that his shadowy countenance was so bad , it looked `` like a face you 'd find on a bottle of miracle elixir that promises to do away with diarrhea in our lifetime . '' 
The bank added that it believes the review will `` demonstrate that First Union is in compliance with the requirements of the Community Reinvestment Act . '' 
But while traffic was heavy early in the commute over the Golden Gate , by 8 a.m. it already had thinned out . 
The demonstration was non-violent and involved only a simple misdemeanor , but its impact on that individual was violent and terminal . 
Looking ahead to the fourth quarter , the company said export log and lumber markets will be weak , while panel and plywood markets will be stronger . 
All prime-time fare will be on tape-delay because of time differences with Norway , so the results can be announced on the 6 o'clock news . 
In August , Recognition said it was in violation of certain terms of its debt agreements with bank lenders because of a $ 3.9 million loss for the third quarter ended July 31 . 
The show , one of five new NBC series , is the second casualty of the three networks so far this fall . 
Traders say investors are worried that the CDU wo n't be able to hold office in federal elections at the end of 1990 . 
Mr. Schwartz , the puckish planner from Englewood , Colo. , says that allowing the business to police itself would be `` like putting Dracula in charge of the blood bank . '' 
BPCA President and CEO David Emil hopes to negotiate a seawall that could `` be significantly more visually permeable . '' 
The U.S. Mint would n't take the coin because it was n't mutilated , and the Federal Reserve Bank accepts only clean coins , he says . 
A shortage of young cattle has made them more expensive for feedlot operators to buy . 
And if I think that some people { on HUD Secretary Jack Kemp 's } staff are off base in terms in which they 're evaluating certain things affecting my hometown , I have to tell you something -- I 'm not going to take it . 
N W Ayer 's president and chief executive officer , Jerry J. Siano , said the agency is holding `` conversations '' about acquiring Zwiren Collins Karo & Trusk , a midsized Chicago agency , but a deal is n't yet close to being completed . 
But he implores that the splendor be played down . 
George Bush disclosed the policy last week by reading it to GOP senators , perhaps as a way of shifting blame for the Panama fiasco to Congress . 
The play is filled with intrigue , dishonesty and injustice . 
`` The market must have turned up and down 15 different times , '' commented Lance Zipper , head of OTC trading at Kidder Peabody . 
A series of earthquakes struck northern China , killing at least 29 people , injuring hundreds and razing about 8,000 homes , the Xinhua News Agency said . 
Eastern Enterprises , bolstered by improved tonnages in its marine-shipping unit , had a narrower third-quarter net loss of $ 1.1 million , or five cents a share . 
Some tariffs were eliminated when the trade pact took effect Jan. 1 . 
At Avery Fisher Hall here , Mr. McDuffie was heard recently with Mr. Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia in more conventional fare -- Bruch 's overwrought `` Violin Concerto in G Minor . '' 
The Los Alamos laboratory is one of three U.S. Department of Energy national laboratories designed as pilot centers to foster joint industry-government programs to speed the transfer of new superconductors to the marketplace . 
No one has to accept the sins of the Ottoman Empire to reject that argument . 
`` We ca n't do without their help , '' says Mrs. Conradie . 
The Bush administration has said it will try to resurrect its plan when the House Energy and Commerce Committee takes up a comprehensive clean-air bill . 
Revenue grew 24 % to $ 614.5 million from $ 497.1 million . 
But even before it begins , the campaign is drawing fire from anti-smoking advocates , who criticize Philip Morris 's attempt to bolster its beleaguered image by wrapping itself in the document that is a cornerstone of American democracy . 
The Army headquarters on the third deck of the Pentagon used to burn a lot of incense to him , but the Navy headquarters on the fourth deck made them stop it . 
Was this why some of the audience departed before or during the second half ? 
He speaks only in Filipino . 
A surprisingly small amount of reserves was added to the banking system . 
Some of the biggest service-industry exporters -- American financial-service companies , for example -- have yet to be fully included in our export statistics . 
Charles LaBella , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the Marcos case , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
Over the past three years , thousands of people here have made use of looser travel restrictions to get their first taste of life abroad . 
Whether psyllium makes Sidhpur 's fortune depends on cholesterol-fearing Americans , the U.S. Food and Drug Administration and , of course , the outcome of further research . 
Otherwise , Jaguar may have to tolerate the two U.S. auto giants each owning a 15 % stake for more than a year . 
The contract signing represented a major step in the long-planned petrochemical project . 
Top executives at Continental have n't lasted long , especially those recruited from outside . 
`` We were saving up to buy a house , and my wife was pregnant , '' says Mr. Cortese . 
Wilmer Cutler 's brief argues that there is no mandatory appellate review of capital sentences and that the inmate who filed the appeal lacks proper standing . 
But directors of the Great Neck , N.Y. , real estate investment trust did n't act on the common stock dividend . 
Traders said the futures buying was finely calculated by program traders . 
The media 's treatment of the Defense Department during the Vietnam War , the Carter administration 's denigration of the military , and the public scapegoating of Lt. Col. Oliver North have all served to emasculate the poor souls who live there . 
The appeals court , however , said the judge did n't adequately consider whether the delay would actually hurt the chances of a fair trial . 
Maybe Mr. Z. was too busy taming his set to work with his naturally ungainly Alfredo . 
In a first step , Dresdner Bank will buy 32.99 % of BIP for 1,015 French francs ( $ 162 ) a share , or 528 million francs ( $ 84.7 million ) . 
There also are `` 800 '' hotlines which refer people to lawyers , usually personal-injury specialists , for in-office consultation . 
Mr. Boyd is of the directorial school that believes one must find modern parallels or metaphors to make Shakespeare accessible to today 's audiences . 
You hate to do it because he 's your father . '' 
He did n't rule out negotiations with Ford , however . 
x - Year-to-date 1988 figure includes Volkswagen domestic-production through July . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
He told the Congress of People 's Deputies on May 30 : `` We do not share this approach , since it would immediately destroy the social situation and disrupt all the processes in the country . '' 
One provision last night would have raised the cap on disaster loans to $ 500,000 from $ 100,000 per household to accommodate San Francisco losses . 
Shiseido Co. , Japan 's leading cosmetics producer , said it had net income of 5.64 billion yen ( $ 39.7 million ) in its first half , which ended Sept. 30 . 
The ritzy world of department-store cosmetics retailing , where Unilever is concentrating its efforts , may prove even more treacherous . 
True , Ford was declared the winner Sunday , but only after the Honda driver who crossed the finish line first was disqualified because it hit another car and skid momentarily out of bounds . 
As well , reinsurers and insurance brokerage companies will have improved profits . 
Another analyst said that , if there was any concern , it was that a strike could encourage other walkouts in Chile . 
But when blacks are getting their loan applications rejected twice as often as whites -- and in some cities , it is three and four times as often -- I conclude that discrimination is part of the problem . '' 
Qintex 's $ 1.5 billion pact to buy MGM\/UA collapsed recently . 
Also , because UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL executives have joined the pilots ' bid , the board might be forced to exclude him from its deliberations in order to be fair to other bidders . 
Benny Chin , manager of the Galileo probe , compared it to watching a child leave home . 
Feedlots fatten cattle for slaughter , so a drop indicates that the production of beef will dip this winter . 
George Jennison , who trades bank stocks for Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the stocks tend to fall behind because they are n't traded as much as many other issues . 
Since the `` yield '' from this top slice of applicants is relatively low , boosting admits from 40 % to 50 % will boost registrants from about 31 % to 38 % of the class . 
The changes apply to prosecutions brought under the Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations law . 
At a meeting with analysts , British Petroleum officials dispelled speculation that the company may take over a U.S. oil company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
MITI officials hope to avoid yet-another source of trade friction with the U.S. even though export restraints currently limit Japanese car exports to the U.S. . 
`` On a truly comparable basis , we 've seen modest earnings growth this year from the operations of our company , '' said Jack MacAllister , chairman and chief executive officer . 
But in spite of a wind-driven rainstorm , gridlock never materialized , mainly because the Bay Area Rapid Transit subway system carried 50 % more passengers than normal . 
For the first nine months of the year , Caterpillar said earnings fell 14 % to $ 390 million , or $ 3.85 a share , from $ 453 million , or $ 4.46 a share , a year earlier . 
The Soviets held export exhibitions that included high-tech items in New York and West Germany . 
`` The hardest thing in any complex case is to retain objectivity and , in some sense , your ignorance , '' says Mr. Boies of Cravath , Swaine & Moore . 
The risk is that Jaguar 's share price could slump if GM 's agreement with Jaguar effectively locks out its U.S. rival . 
But reform has n't taken hold yet . 
At the same time , investors estimate the restructuring would cut the company 's annual cash interest bill from about $ 90 million to $ 85 million . 
Institut Merieux S.A. , which offered 942 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 801.2 million ) , or C$ 37 a share for Connaught , said it would extend its bid , due to expire last Thursday , to Nov. 6 . 
I 'm talking about landing in a canal . 
Under the new plan being considered , the notes would reset annually at a rate to maintain a market value of 101 . 
Municipal bonds ended about 1\/8 to 3\/8 point lower , hurt by the circulation of two `` bid-wanted '' lists totaling $ 655 million . 
Analysts said they were impressed by the performance of the company 's newspaper group , which consists of the Times , 35 regional newspapers and a one-third interest in the International Herald Tribune ; group operating profit for the quarter increased slightly to $ 34.9 million from $ 34.5 million on flat revenue . 
Posix is one of three or four versions of UNIX , but it is increasingly required by the federal government as it tries to standardize its computer systems . 
Nicholas Brady , the incumbent treasury secretary , is of course aware of the proposal , and he does n't like it much . 
The views expressed do not reflect the official policy of the Department of Defense . 
One floor trader said that if there were Chinese purchases , they should have had a bigger effect on the market . 
Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps sees paper-company stock prices falling 10 % to 15 % in 1990 , perhaps 25 % if there 's a recession . 
Apparel prices rocketed up 1.7 % , but that was after three months of declines . 
When it threatened to use this provision as the test for a line-item veto , Congress caved . 
They thus have won the French space-buying business of such advertising giants as Coca-Cola Co. , Fiat S.p . A. , Gillette and Kodak . 
The S&P 500 rose 4 % , the Dow Jones Equity Market index gained 3.7 % and the New York Stock Exchange composite index added 3.5 % . 
Also , Jean B. Clifton , 28 , was named executive vice president , treasurer and chief financial officer . 
Navigation Mixte 's chairman had suggested that friendly institutions were likely to buy its stock as soon as trading opened Monday . 
Some analysts said the consumer price index reflects a more significant slowdown in the U.S. economy than earlier indicated . 
The approach worked well in the recent antitrust case in which Energy Transportation Systems Inc. sued Santa Fe Pacific Corp. over the transport of semi-liquefied coal -- the kind of case likely to make almost anyone 's eyes glaze over . 
Mr. Marmalstein adds that his company is now holding some goods in anticipation of being paid in full . 
Instead of paying for parking by putting money in the existing machines , which deliver little paper receipts , drivers would be able to buy electronic cards in local tobacco shops . 
The final rule wo n't require such a breakdown of the allowances for loan losses , which appears on the balance sheet . 
Now , apparently , they do . 
State investigators dispute that view now , particularly in light of the judge 's various business dealings in Cambria County . 
The company has filed an internal reorganization plan it valued at $ 2.2 billion that would require 5.5 % rate increases . 
The company said a new chief operating officer wo n't be appointed . 
Mr. Coffee is a professor at Columbia Law School . 
AT&T said the products , unlike previous generations , will meet so-called Sonet compatability standards , which AT&T expects to be broadly adopted . 
Saul Resnick 
The company said it was delaying construction because of current market conditions . 
`` Ron Brierley clearly views our company as a good investment , '' a Vickers spokesman said . 
Based on historical rates of return , Mr. Anderson reckons a 100 % stock portfolio , indexed to the market , would have kept up with tuition and taxes in the 20th century . 
Beijing officials have said they will step up the campaign of arrests and intimidation against those who participated in the demonstrations . 
Citicorp yesterday reported a 9 % third-quarter earnings drop , which analysts called a bit disappointing , while Manufacturers Hanover Corp. posted a $ 789 million loss for the quarter after adding $ 950 million to its reserve for loans to less-developed countries . 
Viktor Sidorenko , vice chairman of the State Committee on Nuclear Safety , said the two reactors were at Kursk and Smolensk . 
But would n't it be more efficient and effective to supply such support to the stock market directly ? 
The franchiser of pharmacies said the added shares will be distributed Dec. 4 to stock of record Nov. 13 . 
Gary Ciminero , economist at Fleet\/Norstar Financial Group , Providence , R.I. , expects the deflator to rise 3.7 % , well below the second quarter 's 4.6 % , partly because of what he believes will be temporarily better price behavior . 
Mr. Webster cites a four-page mailing from the United Cancer Council that offers a chance to win $ 5,000 in gold bullion to those giving as little as $ 5 to cancer education . 
It also would create a new individual retirement account that would shield from taxation the appreciation on investments made for a wide variety of purposes , including retirement , medical expenses , first-home purchases and tuition . 
A man in a wheelchair was gunned down in the crossfire of a Miami drug battle . 
Messrs. Guber and Peters assiduously courted the man 's widow for months , showing her a tape of `` Gorillas in the Mist '' to impress her with the quality of their work . 
Fixed-income funds have returned 8.2 % , while gold funds , which tend to be volatile , have risen just 4.55 % , on average . 
The California pension fund , which has $ 16 billion already invested in real estate and mortgages , could be a valuable funding source for that development , although it is n't obliged to make further investments . 
All architects want to be aware of the ecological consequences of their work , says John Burgee , whose New York firm is designing the redevelopment of Times Square , `` but we ca n't all carry it to that extreme . '' 
Jaguar advanced 19 to 673 as traders contemplated a potential battle between General Motors and Ford Motor for control of the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
`` This has been a major disruption for the Bay area economy , '' says Pauline Sweezey , the chief economist at the California Department of Finance . 
Traders said the thin trading volume points to continued uncertainty by most investors following last Monday 's record 13 % loss . 
Rally 's also said it formed a committee of three directors , who are n't associated with either the Patterson or Sugarman groups , to analyze the situation . 
Michael Smith 
Valued at $ 1.3 million , it was part of a four-crate shipment . 
`` They are like a mini-studio ; they have 50 projects in development for Warner , '' he says . 
This growth sector , which usually carries a price\/earnings multiple about twice that of the Standard & Poor 's 500 , happens to include some of the market 's most attractive bargains right now . 
`` Until this came up and hit the press , there was never any indication that he was doing anything wrong . '' 
-- The junk bonds of RJR Nabisco Inc. rallied Friday on news that the company is selling its candy bar brands to Nestle Foods Corp. for $ 370 million . 
The securities-turnover tax has been long criticized by the West German financial community because it tends to drive securities trading and other banking activities out of Frankfurt into rival financial centers , especially London , where trading transactions is n't taxed . 
Here are four key steps : 
Mr. Green thought little of it , he told the grand jury , until the judge walked up to him after the courtroom had cleared and suggested a kickback . 
Despite the excesses , however , the scorecard for the production has many more pluses than minuses . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 176.1 million shares . 
As previously reported , Northeast Utilities , Hartford , Conn. , Monday filed a bid it valued at $ 2.25 billion . 
Announced and anticipated purchases from foreign countries are also supporting futures prices . 
The U.S. Bureau of Justice Statistics reports that almost 2 % of all retail-sales workers suffer injuries from crime each year , almost twice the national average and about four times the rate for teachers , truck drivers , medical workers and door-to-door salespeople . 
That two successful producers who are n't all that well known outside Hollywood could occasion such a clash of corporate titans suggests how desperate the quest for proven talent is in the movie business . 
Ford got a similar go-ahead earlier in October , and on Friday , Jaguar announced that the No. 2 U.S. auto maker had raised its stake to 13.2 % , or 24.2 million shares , from 12.4 % earlier in the week . 
Czeslaw Pyszkiewicz owns 30 acres in 14 scattered scraps . 
NRM said it expects unitholders to vote on the restructuring at a meeting Dec. 15 . 
( The company did n't put out a public announcement . 
Average attendance at their games , about 49,000 last year , continues flat . 
Last year , Dentsu started HDM , a joint network with U.S. ad agency Young & Rubicam and Eurocom of France . 
But John LaWare , a Fed governor , told the subcommittee the evidence is mixed and that the Fed 's believes the vast majority of banks are n't discriminating . 
Already , he notes , the 76 charges originally filed against him have been trimmed to 27 . 
Such risk taking is an everyday matter for the brash Mr. Nadir , who is 25 % owner of Polly Peck as well as its chairman . 
In the past several days , however , the U.S. 's central bank has allowed a key interest rate to fall slightly to try to stabilize the markets . 
Ekco continues to seek further acquisitions in the consumer-products industry , Mr. Stein said . 
Staff lawyers for both sides were busy agreeing with one another about what the U.S. could not do to oust the Panamanian thug . 
Mr. Belli says he wants to know whether state or federal engineers or private companies could have prevented the damage . 
Here are details of yesterday 's three-month and six-month bill auction : 
Only recently has it been attractively redesigned and its editorial product improved . 
Exxon 's profit fell 9 % in the third quarter , hurt by sagging results at two of its three main businesses . 
That is at the high end of the range of 7,000 to 8,000 employees that Unisys said a month ago would be laid off . 
`` Attitudes { toward being acquired } are still negative , but they 're becoming more positive , '' Mr. Murasawa said . 
You never know where she 'll turn up . '' 
He helped persuade 10 of these senators to support him and Majority Leader George Mitchell on these grounds . 
Every workday at 11 a.m. , 40-year-old Mike Sinyard dons cycling clothes , hops on a bike he keeps at his Morgan Hill , Calif. , office and sets out to cover a distance most people would travel only by car . 
Both have been raised at least 30 % in recent years , even while the price of gasoline has fallen . 
It would force these countries to introduce minimum standards for pay and working hours , and provide for collective bargaining and worker `` participation '' in major corporate decisions . 
Even expect stolen bases , says the wiry and fit Mr. Campaneris : `` If you know how to slide , it 's no problem , '' he says . 
These include provisions relating to the technology and systems that must be employed by exchanges , oversight and disciplinary procedures for exchange trading practices , the relationship between commodity brokerage firms and floor traders , and exchange governance . 
They note that the dollar remains extremely vulnerable to the slightest bad news from the stock exchange . 
And we are the first back at the dock , where the great blue herons stand waiting by the cleaning benches . 
A cross-functional team at Union Carbide 's Tonawanda , N.Y. , facility , which produces air-separation plants , followed a similar path to reduce manufacturing cycle time . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 9.86 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Exclusive of the gain , operating profit declined 35 % to $ 16.4 million , or 21 cents a share , from $ 25.2 million , or 31 cents a share . 
But New York City general obligation bonds came under selling pressure . 
`` These people bounce back more resiliently than regular people , '' says Washington writer Suzanne Garment , who is working on a history of post-Watergate scandal . 
Meanwhile , surviving Texas banking institutions are busily pitching themselves as the only lenders who truly care about the state . 
Honeywell said it is negotiating the sale of a second stake in Yamatake-Honeywell , but indicated it intends to hold at least 20 % of the joint venture 's stock long term . 
In the past two years , the desert behind them has become a land of mass executions and utter anarchy , where , due to Mr. Barre 's brutality and ineptitude , nobody is any longer in control . 
Mr. Goldberg says the cost of the earthquake will definitely top $ 1 billion and could reach $ 4 billion . 
Freddie Mac for years has offered a so-called participation certificate that guarantees it wo n't be prepaid for a set number of years and offers semiannual payments . 
`` I was upset with Roger , I fumpered and schmumpered , '' says Mr. Peters . 
The FDIC cleared the move yesterday , and the banks must wait at least 30 days before closing the purchase . 
`` The intervention has been friendly , meaning that they really did n't have to do it , '' said Maria Fiorini Ramirez , money-market economist at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Early in his political career , as a city councilman in San Antonio , he walked out of a meeting when political supporters asked that the police chief be replaced , denouncing the closed-door affair publicly as a `` bat-roost meeting . '' 
AmBase Corp. , New York , awarded the ad account for its Home Insurance Co. unit to Biederman , Kelly & Shaffer , New York . 
Carl Ericson , who runs the Colonial Intermediate High Income Fund , says the fund 's 25 % leverage has jacked up its interest income . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Expo enthusiasts argue that holding the fair would attract businesses , create jobs and help renovate abandoned sections of town . 
In London trading yesterday , Maxwell Communication shares rose nine pence , to 216 pence ( $ 3.41 ) . 
A string of costly projects , including the high-speed national aerospace plane and the advanced communications technology satellite , would continue to be developed within these limits . 
Although a substantial short position reflects heavy speculation that a stock 's price will decline , some investors consider an increase in short interest bullish because the borrowed shares eventually must be bought back . 
Young consumers prefer luxury cars by a 37 % to 28 % margin -- even though older buyers , because of their incomes , are more likely to actually purchase a luxury car . 
The company said it believes the suit is without merit . 
Companies that piled on debt in leveraged buy-outs during the past two years `` will continue to surface as business problems . '' 
`` I 'm sympathetic with workers who feel under the gun , '' says Richard Barton of the Direct Marketing Association of America , which is lobbying strenuously against the Edwards beeper bill . 
The rate on six-month bills rose to 7.53 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.92 % . 
Some analysts say the latest results only seem pale by comparison with a spectacular second half of 1988 . 
DREXEL BURNHAM LAMBERT Inc. agreed to pay a $ 50,000 fine to Delaware , the 26th state to settle with Drexel in the wake of the firm 's guilty plea to federal insider-trading charges . 
The issue was offered at a yield nearly one percentage point above the yield on two-year Treasurys . 
Hanwa Co . ( Japan ) -- Two-part , $ 800 million issue of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 3\/8 % coupon at par . 
Growing pressures on the Arizona real-estate market are affecting the thrift ; Pinnacle West told Dow Jones Professional Investor Report it may consider filing for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection if it ca n't reach an agreement with federal regulators to provide additional capital to MeraBank . 
It does n't take much to provoke an intense debate . 
Mobil officials said that it is unlikely any additional charges related to this move will be taken in future quarters . 
The partnership said it is proposing the change largely because the provisions of its senior notes restrict it from making distributions on its units outstanding . 
By concealing the non-enforcement agreement , certain transactions with Messrs. Taylor and Watson were entered on FirstSouth 's books as loans , allowing the thrift to report fees and interest as current income , according to the U.S. attorney 's office in Little Rock , Ark . 
The state is n't ruling out revoking Drexel 's brokerage license . 
The same roller-coaster prices that halted U.S. oil exploration and drove many veteran oil men and companies out of the business also played havoc with the nation 's inflation rate , the trade deficit and oil users ' corporate and personal budgets . 
It 's not just in Eastern Europe where the march of events is finally on the U.S. side , but on the horn of Africa as well . 
If there were such evidence , you can be sure you would have heard of it . 
Another reason : strikes , both at Georgia-Pacific and other lumber companies also cut supplies and raised prices , analysts said . 
The softness of the core constrains the plastic models to No. 1 , No. 2 or No. 3-type pencils , which account for the bulk of the market . 
The airline had allowed them to move ahead of some union members in seniority following the 1985 strike , a move the union had contested in a previous lawsuit . 
Industry groups and reputable planners who are members of them want comprehensive standards , too ; they 're tired of seeing practitioners depicted collectively in the business press as dumber than chimpanzees and greedier than a herd of swine . 
In fact , because communism seems to be beating a global retreat , some conservatives may simply be so pleased that their anti-communist philosophy is prevailing that they do n't have the fire at the moment to push controversial programs . 
As part of its restructuring several years ago , Exxon moved most of those out of the city and sold its 53-floor Rockefeller Center skyscraper to a Japanese company . 
AMR declined to comment , and Mr. Trump did n't respond to requests for interviews . 
Since the hurricane , Midway Airlines Inc. and American Airlines , a unit of AMR Corp. , trimmed their one-way fares to the Virgin Islands to $ 109 from prices that were at times double that before the storm . 
One executive familiar with the Bloomingdale 's situation said , `` No book has been issued regarding Bloomingdale 's , there are no projections , so I doubt very much whether any bid has been made . '' 
Kay Peterson mounts her bicycle and grinds up yet another steep , rocky path seemingly suitable only for mountain goats . 
Costly infertility problems and procedures proliferate as aging baby boomers and others decide to have children -- now . 
Details of the escrow agreement have n't been completed , the companies said . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's continuing operations initially will receive $ 47 million in cash , $ 35 million face amount of senior notes , and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
Texas Eastern Transmission will build and operate the system , which will connect the Arkoma Basin with several interstate pipelines . 
Lawrence Insurance also sold 3.2 million of its shares for $ 7.125 each to its parent , Lawrence Group Inc . 
Sandra Kaul , research analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton , said the market pushed higher mainly in anticipation of a late harvest in the Ivory Coast , a major cocoa producer . 
But with inflation raging , grain in the barn will still be a safer bet for the private farmer than money in the bank . 
So far this year , 534,000 newly built homes have been sold , down 4.5 % from the like months of 1988 . 
The EC , with a population of 320 million , has 8.5 million farmers , while the U.S. , with a population of about 245 million , has only two million farmers . 
Oil imports to Japan rose 12 % in September from year-earlier levels , according to statistics released by the government 's Ministry of International Trade and Industry . 
Revco has $ 1.5 billion in claims outstanding . 
More recently , Interpublic inquired about one of Saatchi 's smaller communications companies -- identified as the Rowland public relations firm by several industry executives -- but again was rebuffed , they said . 
They had dealt a major setback that afternoon to President Bush 's capital-gains tax cut proposal , which had seemed in the bag after it passed the House overwhelmingly earlier in the month . 
The employees also said the project may have been snagged by budgetary concerns . 
State officials wo n't describe their position in detail , but James McLelland Smith , state securities chief , said : `` We really are still looking at it and have informed ( Drexel ) that the proposal is really not sufficient for settlement . '' 
Republicans as well as Democrats were angered by the budget director 's rejection of Speaker Foley 's effort to expedite a deficitcutting measure by stripping it of the capital-gains tax cut as well as pet Democratic projects . 
And Mitsukoshi recently increased its equity stake in Tiffany & Co. to 13 % . 
( In case you have forgotten , his name was Rudolph Dirks . ) 
His 1988 salary was $ 575,000 , with a $ 575,000 bonus . 
McCaw is seeking 50.3 % of the cellular and broadcasting concern ; the revised offer includes a feature requiring McCaw to begin an auction process in July 1994 that would buy out remaining holders at a per-share price roughly equivalent to what a third party might then have to pay for all of LIN . 
Part of a Series } 
In the past five years , more than 68 % of its sales have been outside the U.S. . 
`` I would n't say it 's quite a veto , '' Mr. Boren demurs . 
`` TPA sales are down quarter to quarter . 
That makes it the most active trader among all the nation 's investment advisers , according to Securities and Exchange Commission filings . 
It is a peaceful time in this part of western India . 
Depending on the outcome , the merged company may face union elections this fall among airplane mechanics , ramp workers , stock clerks and flight dispatchers . 
In an already low-profitmargin business , commodity brokerage firms may well decide to eliminate the risk and expense of dealing with the retail public , depriving the private individual of access to the markets . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.48 , up 0.24 ; spot index 130.73 , off 0.03 . 
David Burnham , one of the authors , says fewer trials probably means a growing number of plea bargains . 
The jury also convicted them of extortion in obtaining a $ 20,000 interest-free loan from an officer of the defunct defense contractor . 
But some members of an ad hoc expert committee set up by the Department of Energy to evaluate the cold fusion research were in the audience . 
In his affidavit , Mr. Yetnikoff accused Warner Chairman Steven J. Ross of having an `` antiSony , anti-Japanese bias '' and said that Mr. Ross had tried to talk him out of letting Sony buy CBS Records two years ago for that reason . 
Ready , Willing and Unable I always lift the hood When my car does n't start ; If gadgets at home do n't work I coolly take them apart . 
President Bush must appoint two other members , one a Democrat and one a Republican . 
As a result , BankAmerica said its reserve against troubled foreign-country loans , once below 25 % , now amounts to 45 % of the $ 6.4 billion of non-trade debt it calculates it is owed by those nations . 
While a decline in orders for cars and civilian airplanes pulled down the orders total , an enormous jump in orders for heavy military equipment propped it up . 
Odds and Ends 
But early on Oct. 19 , the second of two hectic days of board meetings , Mr. Evans said he believed Qintex Australia would n't be forthcoming . 
He has canceled numerous campaign appointments and was largely inaccessible to the media until the stock story broke . 
But I think we are losing credibility because when the market does this , it does n't present itself as a rational investment . 
( The legislation is similar to a 1987 `` beeper bill '' that was defeated after heavy lobbying by the telemarketing industry . ) 
`` For the middle and upper-middle class { Filipino } is declasse , '' says Bien Lumbera , a Philippine-studies professor at Quezon City 's University of the Philippines . 
Convex also recently agreed to use Posix , a standard for the computer language called UNIX . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Although this widow earns only twice the minimum wage , largely due to the earnings limit , she would have to earn an additional $ 4,930 to offset her catastrophic surtax of $ 496 . 
The nickel producer also raised its quarterly dividend to 25 cents a share from 20 cents and said it may buy back as much as 4.8 % of its common outstanding . 
So far , though , there have been no allegations that the contributions the LDP members received amounted to bribes . 
The Eastern District unit in Brooklyn , N.Y. , lost seven of its 15 attorneys this year partly because the lawyers were troubled by the proposed reorganization , says Laura A. Brevetti , who left the strike force to join Morrison Cohen Singer & Weinstein , a New York law firm . 
IF CONTINENTAL Airlines has its way , couples like Marlo Thomas and Phil Donahue may find it a hassle to qualify for some new discounts . 
The tape was on tv before the night was out . 
Under the new offer , IMA will pay $ 26.50 a share for 63 million shares , or about 86 % of the shares outstanding . 
Here , the experience of New York City is decisive . 
When the fertilized cells divide to eight cells , a single cell from each embryo can be tested for genetic defects . 
Laura Dale , center manager at the catalog company 's customer order center in Reno , Nev. , defends monitoring . 
The previous reports were based on remarks by British Air 's chief financial officer , Derek Stevens , who said any revised bid would have to include a lower purchase price to reflect the sharp drop in UAL 's stock in the past week . 
At a time when foreign banks are pouring vast resources and personnel into West Germany 's financial center , the opening of a three-man office on a Frankfurt side street should n't attract much attention . 
The Red and White Fleet , which operates regular commuter ferry service to and from Marin County , and tourist tours of the bay , is offering East Bay commuters a chance to ride the waves for the price of $ 10 round-trip . 
On Nov. 15 , when Brazilians elect a president for the first time in 29 years , the country 's 82 million voters will have 22 candidates to choose from . 
Both deny wrongdoing . 
The Series got off to a lukewarm start Oct. 14 with a 16.2 % rating ; the next night it drew 17.4 % of homes . 
Consider the fact that a mere 2 % drop in ozone would increase birth defects and mutations by allowing solar radiation to alter the DNA structure . 
`` But how many more times we 're going to feel good in the next 15 is another question . '' 
And combining Fraser & Neave 's own soft drinks with Coca-Cola 's gives the Singapore company more than half the share of the soda market there , Coke said . 
The issue : Is the planner putting his clients into the best investments , or the ones that garner the biggest commissions ? 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. offered to acquire Great Northern Nekoosa Corp. for $ 58 a share , or about $ 3.18 billion . 
Times may be tough on Wall Street for some , but a few bosses are making as much as ever -- or more . 
The Commerce Department said that as a result of a new adjustment to the formula used to calculate the index , the influence of this component has been reduced . 
Some lawmakers may seek legislation to limit overly restrictive insurance policies . 
In Armonk , N.Y. , an IBM spokeswoman confirmed that IBM executives will be announcing some computer-integrated-manufacturing plans next week but declined to elaborate . 
In May , the government unveiled new foreign investment regulations that create special trusts allowing foreigners , long limited to a 40 % stake in secondary petrochemical companies , to own up to 100 % . 
Signs of growing weakness in the economy , paired with indications that inflation is staying well under control , have caused them to wonder why the Fed chairman is so grudging in reducing rates . 
For some at the SEC , an agency that covets its independence , Mr. Breeden may be too much of a Washington insider . 
President Bush has sworn to bring him to justice . 
`` In the year 2000 it will be one car per family . 
Union Chairman F.C . ( Rick ) Dubinsky faces the tough task of explaining why banks refused to finance a buy-out the members approved overwhelmingly last week . 
But the pool of federal emergency-relief funds already is running low because of the heavy costs of cleaning up Hurricane Hugo , and Congress will be under pressure to allocate more money quickly . 
Sundays , Nov. 5-12 , 9-10:30 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Glory Enough for All . '' 
The fund 's purpose is to provide quick and adequate relief . 
Abbie Hoffman in this case is to be played by Hollywood actor Paul Lieber , who is n't new to the character . 
Both are mining concerns . 
But instead of thanks , Sen. Cranston was treated with cool formality . 
Now along comes Stephen Jay Gould to dash this flattering illusion . 
The withdrawals could spell trouble for the $ 200 billion junk market . 
Spain and Italy are most often mentioned as the future economic hot spots . 
`` We 've had a few bombs , '' admits Mr. Peters . 
But the rate of the decline snowballed in August , with unit sales to dealers for the month down 10.5 % from a year earlier , according to the Recreation Vehicle Industry Association . 
The rig was built around 1980 , but has drilled only two wells , the last in 1982 . 
The highlight : a `` fragrance control system . '' 
In Paris , Air France declined to comment . 
Dentsu Inc. , the world 's largest advertising agency on the strength of its dominance in the Japanese market , is setting its sights on overseas expansion . 
An international group approved a formal ban on ivory trade despite objections from southern African governments , which threatened to find alternative channels for selling elephant tusks . 
Mr. Roberts also takes a swipe at the Bank 's adjustment lending . 
In France , more than half the top 25 blue-chip stocks -- including such giants as BSN and Elf Aquitaine -- did n't open until Wall Street rallied late in the European trading day , traders say . 
Instead , it seems to be using foreign pressure and even the trade conflict to expand its sphere of influence vis a vis other ministries . 
Nikon Corp. said unconsolidated pretax profit increased 70 % to 12.12 billion yen ( $ 85.3 million ) in the first half ended Sept. 30 , from 7.12 billion yen a year ago . 
Just a month ago , Mr. Bush sternly threatened to veto a pending welfare bill if it provided any abortion funds , except to save a woman 's life . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % six months . 
The French state-controlled auto group and the Dutch truck maker plan to incorporate the new trucks into their product lines when they begin production toward the middle of the 1990s . 
He resigned as an officer of Central Life to accept the Manhattan National presidency . 
Dillon Read 's Ms. Stark said in early afternoon that she was still viewing prices and other data as subject to verification , and she said portfolio managers continued to question the numbers they saw on the screen . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.45 % three months ; 8.27 % six months . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3416.81 , up 
Now he has moved to Oklahoma where costs are lower , and started a new company , Adsi Inc. , to market his machine . 
( True , a succession of Fed chairmen has given color to the notion that the Secretary of the Treasury belongs on the Fed . 
Mr. Lipstein said in a telephone interview from New York that the sale was proceeding as planned . 
After all , 40,000 newcomers a year are settling in the Las Vegas Valley . 
All of this talk is antithetical to the Tax Reform Act of 1986 . 
By that logic , the closing of a deal could be much further away than three to four months , even though the eventual price might be higher . 
ESB on July 29 accepted the Inco offer and the brief battle -- unlike the intricate and lengthy big takeovers of 1984-1989 -- was over . 
Administration pressure discourages any effort to add to total funding , and the Senate changes are expected to be largely technical -- dealing with highway aid and lifting the ceiling on total Small Business Administration loans to $ 1.8 billion to accommodate the increased activity expected . 
In either case , ask yourself whether you have become better informed on the issues under protest by watching the act of civil disobedience . 
Eager engineers espouse direct-steelmaking and direct casting , which by the end of the 1990s will enable production without coke ovens and blast furnaces . 
The declines in investment and efficiency explain in part why Mexico has been importing gasoline this year . 
Money Market Deposits - a 6.23 % 
Moon 's Tong'Il industry conglomerate is now investing heavily in China , where church accountants have high hopes of expanding and attracting converts even in the wake of the bloody massacre in Tiananmen Square . 
This includes what Deputy Foreign Minister Yuli Vorontsov fetchingly called `` new peaceful long-range weapons , '' including more than 800 SCUD missiles . 
At such moments Mr. Boyd makes it clear that he has the capacity to be a superior interpreter of Shakespeare . 
The Commodity Futures Trading Commission plans to restrict dual trading on commodity exchanges , a move almost certain to infuriate exchange officials and traders . 
This activity produced small rallies , which in turn attracted new short selling . 
`` We were following the trend of our competitors who were under pressure from institutions , '' he said . 
But he adds : `` Everybody and his sister have opened up M&A shops . 
Some traders were thought to be waiting for the auto sales report , which will be released today . 
He notes that most of the net sales drop stemmed from a three-day period following the Friday the 13th plunge . 
Many larger egg producers are also egg processors , who crack , inspect , and sanitize billions of eggs , turning them into powdered , liquified or frozen egg products . 
But stay tuned . 
`` This is one of the worst trade releases we 've had since the dollar troughed out in 1987 , '' said Geoffrey Dennis , chief international economist at James Capel Inc . 
For the quarter , BankAmerica said it earned $ 254 million , or $ 1.16 a share , compared with $ 190 million , or 97 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Las Vegas has seen nothing quite like it before . 
Interest rate 8.07 % 
In addition , as of Sept. 30 , the company still had authorization to buy $ 368 million of stock under a prior repurchase program . 
By buying the space in bulk , they obtain discounts as high as 50 % , which they can pass on to customers . 
Petco Options , an options trading firm owned by the family of the deceased former Chicago Board of Trade chairman Ralph Peters , is getting out of the trade clearing , or processing and guaranteeing , business after sustaining a multimillion dollar loss Friday , options industry officials said . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters claim they have an oral agreement with Warner executives that allows them to terminate their contract should the opportunity to run a major studio arise . 
There are also $ 29 million of 6 3\/4 % certificates due 2019 , priced to yield 7.10 % . 
Even if Mr. Crandall is correct , he of all people must realize our society relies on competition to keep prices at a competitive level . 
Peter Coors runs the Coors Brewing Co. unit , the nation 's fourth-largest brewery that accounted for $ 1.24 billion of Adolph Coors 's $ 1.52 billion in 1988 sales . 
The Soviet State Bank announced a 90 % devaluation of the ruble against the dollar for private transactions , in an apparent attempt to curb the nation 's rapidly growing black market for hard currency . 
In an interview , Mr. Joseph says his dinner discussion with the Prudential executives acknowledged problems for junk . 
The fund 's cash position is now about 22 % , which Mr. Bacarella calls `` still bearish . '' 
Warner has filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against Sony and the Guber-Peters duo , who in turn are countersuing Warner for trying to interfere in Sony 's acquisition of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. and Guber Peters Entertainment Co. in two transactions valued at over $ 5 billion . 
Late in the New York trading day , the dollar was quoted at 1.8578 marks , up from 1.8470 marks late Thursday in New York . 
It 's not an effort to steal the company '' in the middle of the night . 
That way , parents will reduce borrowings and outlays from current income when the time comes to pay tuition . 
Leading EC growth forecasts in 1989 was Ireland , seen growing 5 % at constant prices . 
Corporate taxes paid for almost 12 % of federal spending in 1988 -- excluding Social Security -- compared with less than 8 % in the first half of the 1980s , the study found . 
The Navy is ordering displays for its Aegis cruisers and the Army wants smaller versions for its Abrams battle tanks . 
The reorganization will `` focus on the value and potential of assets , '' Mr. Spruell said . 
Both can be extremely aggressive at pricing such products as soaps and diapers -- to the extent that some industry consultants predict cents-off coupons for mascara could result from their entry into the field . 
Corporate Issues 
Jerome Grossman , chairman of the panel , agrees that administrative costs of utilization management programs can be high . 
Or the zero-coupon bonds turn out not to have been discounted deeply enough to pay your kid 's tuition . 
Pressed on the matter , he is more specific . 
During the 1984 Summer Games , for example , ABC touted `` Call to Glory , '' but the military drama was missing in action within weeks . 
Long lines of people waited to buy special souvenir World Series postcards with official postmarks . 
Furukawa said the U.S. market is strengthening as related computer technology gains in sophistication and quality . 
Resolution Funding Corp. , known as Refcorp , a division of a new government agency created to bail out the nation 's troubled savings and loan associations , will hold its first bond auction Wednesday , when it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds . 
Bankers say , however , that the government may have difficulty selling the institution even without a floor price . 
Still , with competitors such as Eastman Kodak Co. faltering in copier sales , Xerox 's sales increases `` were encouraging , '' says Eugene Glazer of Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
In the statement , Mr. Skase said that on the basis of current interest rates in Australia , the company 's asset sales would reduce interest expense by about A$ 120 million a year in addition to eliminating certain liabilities . 
That would leave USX essentially an oil company with Marathon as its core . 
This could be the first major bankruptcy-law proceeding for KKR , he adds . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Sotheby 's Inc. 's gamble in the art-dealing business appears to have paid off . 
The White House announced that Mr. Agnos , along with the mayors of Oakland and Alameda , are to accompany President Bush on a tour of the earthquake area today . 
\* Principal amount 
So the men who ran the grain pits listened when Joseph Sullivan , a 35-year-old former Wall Street Journal newsman , offered them the idea of all-options trading . 
The cafeteria offered donated croissants and brie for breakfast , and for dinner , pasta salad and chocolate mousse torts along with the salmon . 
Nekoosa ranked 11th with sales of $ 3.59 billion . 
What accounts for the results of recent decades ? 
Medical-supply houses are expected to report earnings increases of about 15 % on average for the third quarter , despite sales increases of less than 10 % , analysts say . 
The subject of this discussion is non-violent civil disobedience ; but , before we get on with that , let me make just a few tangential remarks about lawful demonstrations . 
The comptroller 's office said it found no indications of illegal discrimination in 3,437 examinations of banks since April 1987 . 
`` Due to health reasons , Lt. Col. Noriega has elected to postpone his visit to Washington , '' it read . 
On the civil side , the Manhattan prosecutor filed an average of only 11 cases for every 100,000 adults during the same period ; the San Francisco U.S. attorney averaged 79 . 
There 's even a special fare for clergy that does n't require the usual stay over Saturday night . 
Sam Merksamer , chief executive officer of the nationwide jewelry chain , and Sanford Sigoloff , chief executive of L.J. Hooker Corp. , both declined to comment . 
Sales were C$ 348.2 million compared with C$ 307.2 a year earlier . 
`` If we do n't do something ... we wo n't be able to catch up with demand , '' says a Dentsu spokesman . 
Presidio , a Denver oil and gas concern , said it will acquire the properties and operations of Home Petroleum Corp. , which includes two regional gas-gathering systems and proved reserves of about nine million barrels of oil and 72 billion cubic feet of natural gas . 
Republicans have as much interest as Democrats in `` the way the system works , '' he notes . 
Still , caution is advisable . 
( Lindens need about 36 feet . ) 
Plaster fell and windows were broken at Chiat\/Day\/Mojo , a spokesman for that agency said . 
They graze at the Farmers Market , a combination gourmet food court and grocery store , while a pianist accompanies the noon fashion show with a selection of dreamy melodies . 
A survey by Sirota , Alper & Pfau , a New York consulting firm , underscores the difficulty for top management in satisfying employees and investors on that score . 
This is in response to Atsushi Kageyama 's Manager 's Journal , `` Looking for the Real Thing in Sony '' ( editorial page , Oct. 2 ) . 
Under the accord , Cray Research will transfer to Mr. Cray 's fledgling operation $ 53.3 million of assets primarily related to the Cray-3 development project his team is undertaking and will lend Cray Computer $ 98.6 million . 
Ortega had threatened to end a 19-month-old ceasefire . 
Given California 's size and political importance , the White House is eager to appear generous . 
Neither Mr. Dennis nor officials of his Chicago trading company , C&D Commodities , could be reached for comment . 
Surviving scandal has become a rite of political passage at a time when a glut of scandal has blunted this town 's sensibility . 
Then suddenly Ike 's ghost came to visit and said , `` What the hell are you doing planning for a land war in Asia 12,000 miles away ? 
Some countries also have been pressing for special treatment for Hungary and Poland as they move toward more democratic rule , just as special treatment had been agreed on for China . 
Scientists felt differently . 
Beyond that , it has to compete with West Germany for a claim to the German identity . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.40 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
Citizens & Southern Corp. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Security Pacific Corp. 's New York-based factoring unit . 
The penthouse elevator started up from the Gutfreund landing , and Susan Gutfreund used to turn off its light , to give the impression that there was no higher floor . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % four months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
Gaining Big Board issues outnumbered decliners by 1,235 to 355 . 
What 's more , the bugs only emerge on esoteric applications such as computer-aided design and scientific calculations , he said , and then very seldom . 
However , the maximum coupon rate on the issue when it is reset is 15.50 % . 
Where '60s dropouts professed to scorn middle-class life and ambitious yuppies hoped to leave it far behind as they scaled the upper reaches of success , it now seems that so many people feel they 're slipping between the cracks , that middle-class life is viewed with nostalgia or outright longing . 
Hitachi charges Motorola `` has engaged in fraudulent and inequitable conduct in the procurement of certain Motorola patents '' used in Motorola 's MC68030 microprocessor chip . 
`` If they slip for 10 cents for 10 minutes , I 'll stop , '' he says . 
In a riveting day of hearings before the House Banking Committee , the examiners described finding shredded documents , a mysterious Panamanian subsidiary , millions of dollars funneled into a Swiss bank , and a complacent attitude by Mr. Wall 's deputies , one of whom was portrayed as acting more like a public-relations man for the thrift than a federal regulator . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
Mary Poulin Palo Alto , Calif. 
Italy 's Supreme Court this year ordered Parliament to write a law that will regulate media ownership . 
By noon , Mr. Bush had taken two phone calls from Vice President Dan Quayle , who was in California ; made a televised statement of concern ; signed a disaster proclamation ; received a written report from the Federal Emergency Management Agency ; and visited FEMA headquarters . 
CAE Industries Ltd. said its Link Flight Simulation division was awarded a contract by the U.S. Army for two helicopter simulators , which the company valued at as much as 37 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 31.5 million ) . 
In a typical year , up to 20 % of the work force goes to personnel specialists with complaints of unfair treatment . 
Jamie Kellner , president of Fox Broadcasting , said , `` We believe the partnership of Fox , its affiliates and advertisers is succeeding and will continue to grow . '' 
As a result , competitors say Renaissance has been looking for any opportunity to return to the stock market , rather than risk losing business by continuing to remain fully invested in Treasury bills . 
Saab 's problems were underscored Friday when the company announced that its car division had a 1.2 billion kronor ( $ 186.1 million ) loss during the first eight months of this year , slightly worse than Saab-Scania had forecast in its first-half report last month . 
But B.A.T 's restructuring , which was never going to happen quickly , now will take longer because of the market upheaval . 
`` The team eliminated the crisis mentality that proposal deadlines can generate . 
Delmed also would receive the North American rights to certain Fresenius AG products . 
And despite their share of duds , they make movies that make money . 
Betty Raptopoulos , senior metals analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities in New York , agreed that most of the selling was of a technical nature . 
Harley-Davidson 's complaint claims that the group , led by investor Malcolm I. Glazer , violated securities laws by failing to disclose plans to purchase 15 % of the company 's shares outstanding and that when the required Hart-Scott-Rodino filing eventually was made , it did n't disclose the group 's alleged earlier violation of the so-called prior-notice requirements of the law . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Monday , gold was quoted at $ 378.87 an ounce . 
Currently , most traders on commodity exchanges specialize in trading either for customer accounts , which makes them brokers , or for their own accounts as socalled locals . 
To argue that this is `` not likely '' to affect the economy in positive ways is contrary both to recent experience with capital-gains tax cuts and to common sense . 
However , since Eastern first filed for Chapter 11 protection March 9 , it has consistently promised to pay creditors 100 cents on the dollar . 
In recent years , unions and community groups have won big commitments from banks to make low-interest loans in certain neighborhoods by threatening to hold up proposed acquisitions with protests to the Fed about reinvestment act compliance . 
It has said it might seek bankruptcy-court protection from creditor lawsuits if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
While recent events may cool some of the leveraged buy-out fever , Japanese banks are n't likely to walk away from the game . 
Time Warner Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 176 million , or $ 2.88 cents a share , reflecting acquisition costs for a 59.3 % stake in Warner Communications Inc. and the purchase method of accounting for the transaction . 
The companies reached an agreement in principle for the sale in August . 
Last year 's appeals court decision , for instance , spawned several suits , reportedly including a recent action by the heirs of singer Bobby Darin against McDonald 's Corp. over its `` Mac Tonight '' TV commercials , a rough parody of Mr. Darin 's `` Mack the Knife '' trademark . 
In the wake of a slide in sterling , a tailspin in the stock market , and a string of problematic economic indicators , British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson promised gradual improvement in the U.K. economy . 
`` However , if you exclude defense-related orders then durable goods were down 3.9 % . 
A spy was born . 
`` I do n't know whose toes I 've stepped on , '' says the judge . 
A long succession of Mexican presidents arbitrarily nationalized whatever industry they took a fancy to , without having to answer to the public . 
In August , the index was up 0.2 % from the previous month , and was up 4.5 % on a year-to-year basis . 
It suggests that households accumulate wealth across a broad spectrum of assets . 
All of this comes ahead of the government 's big quarterly refunding of the federal debt , which takes place sometime in November . 
Here were more than 70,000 ANC supporters , gathering for the first ANC rally inside South Africa since the black liberation movement was banned in 1960 . 
By a 4-0 vote , it allowed AT&T to continue offering special discount packages to big customers , called Tariff 12 , rejecting appeals by AT&T competitors that the discounts were illegal . 
The problem for IBM trial lawyers Thomas Barr and David Boies was how to make such a highly technical case understandable . 
In a remark someone should remember this time next year , Senator Sasser said , `` I think we 've seen the peak of military construction spending for many years to come . '' 
`` Marketers have brought this on themselves with their heavy use '' of promotions , contends Joe Plummer , an executive vice president at the D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles ad agency . 
Skipping personal pleasantries , Mr. Lee picked up exactly where he left off several months earlier -- before the government crackdown in China -- when he had warned that the orthodox leadership in Beijing feared a plurality of views . 
That sort of approach , however , has n't worked since the addition of Tiger . 
The Fed 's stock market role ought not to be very ambitious . 
Unfortunately , though , recessions vary enough in length so that the average ca n't reliably be used to guide investors in timing stock sales or purchases . 
The New York Times Co. 's Magazine Group earlier this year began offering advertisers extensive merchandising services built around buying ad pages in its Golf Digest magazine . 
The Consumer News and Business Channel cable network and U.S. News & World Report have formed a joint venture to produce cable program versions of special issues of the magazine . 
Two weeks ago , Citicorp and Mr. Lang pumped $ 800,000 into Matilda just to keep the doors open . 
In Brussels , it was the first trading day for most major shares since stocks tumbled on Wall Street Friday . 
Ajinomoto predicted sales in the current fiscal year ending next March 31 of 480 billion yen , compared with 460.05 billion yen in fiscal 1989 . 
Afterwards , I went home and practiced for three hours . '' 
Trading also was heavy in the over-the-counter market . 
Qintex Entertainment also said Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Jonathan Lloyd , 37 years old , would join the nine-member board . 
`` If Webster had n't happened , you would n't be here , '' Linda Bowker tells a reporter in the Trenton office of the National Organization for Women . 
Companies in the construction , engineering and building-products sectors were among other beneficiaries of earthquake-related buying . 
Nam Angels shows Angels fighting with each other and also depicts them as showing no remorse when a member is killed . 
`` Shortageflation , '' as economists have come to call it , had gone hyper . 
He declined to elaborate . 
Gold , which has n't risen or fallen significantly in quite some time , yesterday achieved what may be a new level of impassiveness : The most actively traded futures contracts closed unchanged despite nervous fluctuations in both the dollar and the stock market . 
Yet her intensity stops and starts with the music . 
Last year , the team ended up $ 2 million in the red on $ 30 million in revenue . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
New Canaan Investments is a closely held investment partnership with interests primarily in the packaging industry . 
Last week , underwriters were forced to postpone three junk bond deals because of recent weakness in the market . 
In all , federal outlays amounted to $ 1.143 trillion in 1989 , up 7.5 % from the previous year , the Treasury said . 
He said there was n't any way to detect the flaw at that time , and that the process has since been changed to decrease the chance that such flaws would occur . 
DIET COKE : 
TW 's stockholder meeting was postponed from tomorrow to Nov. 21 . 
For years , a strict regimen governed the staff meetings at Nissan Motor Co. 's technical center in Tokyo 's western suburbs . 
`` It is just one of a number of strategies JAL has embarked upon to come to terms with the situation in Europe after 1992 , '' the deadline for ending trade barriers in the EC , he said . 
Pacific First Financial Corp. said it signed a non-binding letter of intent to acquire the construction lending unit of Old Stone Bank of California . 
But some investors and consultants who have tried it are enthusiastic . 
Philip Morris , which became the U.S. 's largest food company last year with its $ 12.9 billion acquisition of Kraft Inc. , seems determined to evolve beyond its roots in Marlboro country . 
HEALTHDYNE Inc. , Atlanta , said its subsidiary , Home Nutritional Services Inc. , registered with the Securities and Exchange Commission an initial public offering of four million shares of common . 
Developers and money managers are looking for bargains among the thousands of financially troubled properties around the country . 
Mr. Jiang also pledged that the Chinese Red Cross would publish `` very soon '' a list of those killed . 
Many states already have Enterprise Zones and legislation that combines tax incentives , loans , and grants to encourage investment in depressed areas with requirements for the hiring of the unemployed and minorities . 
Bullish bond market sentiment is on the rise again . 
Robert Pierce , chairman and chief executive of Foothills , said it 's too early to say whether Alaskan or Mackenzie delta gas would flow to market first . 
Maine Republican William Cohen said the plan might violate the assassination ban . 
T-bills sold at Monday 's auction yielded 7.90 % for six months and 7.77 % for three months , up from 7.82 % and 7.61 % , respectively , the week before . 
The firm 's brokerage force has been trimmed and its mergers-and-acquisitions staff increased to a record 55 people . 
Harsco Corp. said it obtained a $ 33.1 million export order for armored recovery vehicles and related support equipment . 
These include office and residential real estate giant , HelmsleySpear Inc. , and Helmsley Hotels . 
Based on the current number of La Jolla shares , that gives the transaction a value of $ 104 million . 
In other moves , Mr. Rosen says he bought a truck three years ago to reach more retailers . 
In late trading on London 's Stock Exchange yesterday , the shares were off three pence at 194 pence . 
A more blue-collar panel became a second aim . 
The sole sympathetic character is the prodigal daughter Kate ( Jaclyn Smith ) , and she is tolerable only by virtue of having nothing in common with her kinfolk , a truly benighted pack of Southern Protestants whose grim existence consists mostly of growing peaches and repressing sex . 
Jamaica Fires Back 
AM radio , which has been losing listeners to FM channels since the 1970s , approaches the 1990s with a diminished voice . 
In fiscal 1989 , it had sales of about $ 40 million and an operating loss of $ 1.5 million . 
Mr. Fournier said that as Navigation Mixte chairman , he is prohibited by takeover regulations from organizing his own defense or doing anything besides managing current company business . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8355 marks , down from 1.8470 marks Monday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
Asian portion of $ 100 million via Yamatane Securities Europe Ltd . 
The former comes from the latest wave of political activism in Hollywood , especially around feminist issues such as abortion . 
Now , with the opening of Maxim Gorky 's bourgeois-bashing `` Summerfolk , '' Ms. Bogart has laid her cards on the table . 
The measure includes $ 2 million secured by Mr. Rudman for a marine-research project at the University of New Hampshire , and Sen. Ernest Hollings ( D. , S.C . ) used his power to add $ 10 million for an advanced technology initiative in the Commerce Department . 
She declines to show them . 
This city of more than 70,000 is known for sunshine , yachts and rich residents . 
It has some of the highest costs in the league . 
George Putnam III , editor of Turnaround Letter in Boston , offers one final tip for recession-wary investors . 
But Mr. Simonds-Gooding said he is n't talking to any studios about investing . 
Prior to 1932 , the pattern was nearly the opposite . 
Mr. Sheridan , who had been expecting quarter profit of about $ 1.25 a share , says he is reducing his estimate for the year to the area of $ 5.70 a share , from his previous estimate of $ 6.10 . 
Sen. Cohen said the relationship has reverted to its pre-Reagan character . 
Direct donations from either of the residents ' organizations would be illegal because the groups are defined as foreign , but both groups deny making direct donations . 
But , so far , the change of scenery has n't ended his string of bad breaks . 
The quake and baseball were n't related , unlike the massacre of athletes that attended the 1972 Olympics . 
The chamber also sent to Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 measure that includes the first construction funds for a space station . 
In any case , the foundering middle classes are n't the only ones in trouble -- or whose troubles provide material for fiction . 
but worries about 1990 . 
When the IAFP recently assembled other industry groups to discuss common standards that might be applied to planners , Mr. Gargan 's group was excluded . 
Some state middlemen come to buy from me . 
To fight off predators , B.A.T plans to spin off about $ 6 billion in assets , largely by selling such U.S. retailing units as Marshall Field and Saks and by floating its big paper and U.K. retailing business via share issues to existing holders . 
`` We 're confident that it protects our route structure , '' he says , `` and our ability to grow and prosper . 
But the first quarter of the year is generally the weakest and OPEC production does n't seem to be slackening in anticipation of that . 
If the government succeeds in seizing Mr. Antar 's assets , he could be left without top-flight legal representation , because his attorneys are likely to quit , according to individuals familiar with the case . 
In these families , husbands took on 80 % more chores than in couples with only grammar school education . 
The $ 475,000 sale price earlier this month was the lowest in nearly three years . 
Eventually viewers may grow bored with the technology and resent the cost . 
In the report , two molecular biologists suggest such embryo diagnosis can be used by couples at high risk of passing a genetic defect to a child . 
Alternatively , a separate engine plant may be built as part of GM 's planned tie-up with the British luxury car maker , the sources said . 
The assembly plant builds the Cadillac DeVille , Chevrolet Caprice and Oldsmobile Cutlass Ciera Wagon . 
`` We wo n't comment on them . '' 
In Leipzig , more than 500 people met with local party officials to discuss internal changes . 
Some maintain underwriters also have been inept . 
Harley-Davidson Inc. filed suit in federal court here , alleging that a group that holds 6.2 % of its stock made `` false , deceptive and misleading '' statements in recent regulatory filings and public announcements . 
The lack of a strong product at the high end of Digital 's line was a significant drag on sales . 
Their original indictment against Mr. Wittgreen , the friend of Mr. Noriega , and the other four was dismissed on a technicality . 
The yield on 30-year Treasury bonds climbed back above 8 % , ending the day at 8.03 % . 
Convex closed in over-the-counter trading on Friday at $ 15.375 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
While the Kremlin has urged a ban on output of the poison gases , the White House wants to continue producing the weapons even after an international treaty calling for their destruction is signed . 
'' Mr. Sohmer confesses that it was partly in response to such attitudes that he is now `` a dweller on one of the two islands off the coast of America . '' 
Profit at the unit fell to $ 110.6 million , or 37 cents a share , from $ 142.4 million , or 45 cents a share , largely because of a $ 24 million one-time charge associated with Hughes 's previously announced plan to reduce employment by at least 6,000 people by year end . 
George W. Koch , 63 years old , president and chief executive officer of Grocery Manufacturers of America Inc. , was elected a director of this maker of spices , seasonings and specialty foods , succeeding Erskin N. White Jr. , 65 , who resigned . 
But the new chairman vehemently opposed a provision in the bill that would give the agency the right to close the markets at times of stress . 
`` We 're finally seeing the culmination of all the recessionary buildup of the last few months , '' he said , noting a continuing downward trend in U.S. interest rates , a shaky stock market and `` gloomier economic times ahead '' all signal a significantly lower dollar . 
Among his favorites in his firm 's index are Legent , Silicon Graphics and Novell . 
Last week , Sen. Malcolm Wallop ( R. , Wyo . ) held hearings on a bill to strengthen an existing law designed to reduce regulatory hassles for small businesses . 
The turmoil in junk bonds may last for years , investors and traders say . 
Additionally , the full-year profit last year reflected an after-tax restructuring charge of $ 22.8 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
The transluscent husk of the seed is removed , sifted and crushed ; the seed itself is fed to animals . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index surged 4.26 , or about 0.94 % , to 455.63 . 
But Mr. Azoff had been negotiating for more than a year to get out of his MCA contract , which expired in 1991 . 
One wonders how other college athletic officials would behave under the same circumstances . 
Even still , I did feel self-indulgent , and I could n't help remembering my father 's contempt for a rich medical colleague who would go to watch the Tigers on summer afternoons . 
`` Batman '' alone has racked up more than $ 247 million in box-office receipts to date , making it Warner Bros . ' largest grossing film ever . 
The S&P 500 futures contract , which moves in fractions of an index point under normal conditions , jumped two to three points in seconds early yesterday after an initial downturn , then moved strongly higher the rest of the day . 
He last made waves when he dared to defend an Indian girl who had been adopted by non-Indian parents off her reservation . 
The companies said the acquisition is subject to a definitive agreement . 
Unisys posted a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter as it moved quickly to take write-offs for various problems and prepare for a turnaround . 
The purpose of the note is to provide added capital for the spun-off company in a form that will save it spending cash on immediate interest payments , Mr. Roulac said . 
The family moves to another house at night to conceal shabby belongings from neighbors . 
Lotus Development Corp. reported a surprisingly strong 51 % increase in third-quarter net income on a 32 % sales gain , buoyed by strong demand for a new version of its 1-2-3 computer spreadsheet . 
Now we must endure a rash of critics who apparently wish to know details of one side only . 
The trend is making proponents less optimistic a tax cut will pass . 
A series of explosions tore through the huge Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near here , injuring more than a hundred and closing parts of the Houston Ship Channel . 
By afternoon , the broader market joined the advance in full strength . 
The struggle over capital gains is the most important game in town . 
But the computer was proving a hard sell because of its high price , a lack of software and an optical data-storage device that was too slow . 
The maker of computer workstations said a surge of government orders contributed to the increase . 
In fighting USAir , Mr. Steinhardt was pitted against another investor , billionnaire Warren Buffett , who bought into USAir to help fend off Mr. Steinhardt . 
Loews , the parent of CNA Financial , rose 1 3\/8 to 123 1\/8 . 
Ms. Franklin , 49 years old , fills the position vacated by Naomi G. Albanese , who retired earlier this year at age 72 . 
American Petrofina Inc. , a Dallas-based integrated oil company , yesterday said its third-quarter earnings declined by more than half . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
If interest rates plunge , the insurer may be knocking on my door , asking for steeper premium payments to maintain the same amount of protection . 
Thus we have a condition that is easily described as undemocratic . 
Enserch said the tendered units will raise its ownership of the partnership to more than 99 % from 87 % . 
Worried by European Community directives that will remove many of the barriers to cross-border insurance services , starting in mid-1990 , insurers are rushing to find partners and preparing for price wars . 
There was limited production of some models yesterday , but it was n't clear when the normal 750-car-a-day pace will resume . 
Mr. Allen began it with a warning to his hosts , a California church group that opposes rights for homosexuals . 
To make matters even more confusing , the earlier U.S. experience made clear that Mr. Lawson 's tax cuts would have profound effects on Britain 's international accounts and the value of sterling . 
In Greenwich , Conn. , Lone Star spokesman Michael London says , `` Obviously with an earthquake of this size , there are likely to be construction projects that would n't otherwise have been anticipated . 
Accepted theories of asset pricing offer a perfectly legitimate explanation . 
The 30 industrials led the market higher from the opening bell as foreign buyers stepped in . 
Stewart 's honor was a nice note on a couple of grounds . 
Mr. Jackson , who won the nickname `` Mr. October '' for his World Series exploits , is selling some of his canceled checks to autograph collectors through a dealer for as much as $ 500 each . 
Jaguar and GM hope to win Jaguar shareholders approval for the accord partly by structuring it in a way that would n't preclude a full Ford bid once the golden share expires . 
Mr. Nowak said he attaches particular importance to the proposed sale because it suggests that the company is willing to sell oil and gas assets that are n't part of its major strategic strengths . 
Mr. Tucker will succeed Salvatore J. Barbera , 64 , who will hold the newly created position of chairman of the international unit until his retirement April 1 . 
`` If this had happened a few months ago when the atmosphere was still very positive it would n't have been greeted with anything like the impact it has had over the past two weeks , '' says Dennis Jarrett , a market strategist at Kidder Peabody . 
And although Mr. Roman and WPP 's chief executive , Martin Sorrell , have gone out of their way to be publicly supportive of each other , people close to Mr. Roman say he was unhappy giving up control of the company . 
Cuban military personnel also have been active in Afghanistan since 1979 . 
Michael Burns , president of Telesystems , says his concern has only benefited from the publicity surrounding the case , noting that three other charities have signed on as clients because they were impressed with the amount he raised for National Children 's . 
Exactly right . 
Think I 'll buy one of those `` I Survived '' T-shirts after all . 
By the time a recession is `` official '' ( two consecutive quarters of declining gross national product ) , much of the damage to stocks has already been done - and , in the typical case , the recession is already half over . 
But art that has fallen sharply in value is rarely put up for sale . 
Chemical earnings declined by one-third to $ 120 million last year 's robust levels . 
Gradually , however , lower courts and prosecutors have pushed this definition to its breaking point . 
But Dale Irvine , director of the emergency center , said service was being restored to outlying San Francisco areas . 
David Owen , an economist at Kleinwort Benson & Co. in London , said he expects further cuts in short-term U.S. rates in an effort to encourage a narrowing of the trade gap and to ensure a soft landing in the U.S. economy . 
We want them to buy more of their wardrobe here . '' 
Then the short-term debt is paid off through the proceeds of selling the assets . 
However , with airline stocks cratering , he might not get a very good price for his shares , traders say . 
Against this background , the new East German leader must move quickly to shore up his government 's standing . 
Of the $ 4.4 billion spent so far on the program , 60 % is going for administrative costs , management and research , the Office of Technology Assessment just reported . 
MeraBank 's rating for short-term deposits remains Not Prime . 
Some conservatives will accuse the president of promising Congress too much . 
Mr. Shannon was seeking a waiver of NRC policy that ignores financial considerations in making licensing decisions . 
In 1953 , James Watson and his colleagues unlocked the double helix of DNA ( deoxyribonucleic acid ) , the genetic key to heredity . 
RAYCHEM CORP. , Menlo Park , plastics manufacturer , annual sales $ 1 billion , no major damage and no production slowdown is anticipated . 
But it is unfair to dump on teachers , as distinct from the educational establishment . 
The index of leading indicators got a major boost in September from a surge in consumer expectations as measured by the University of Michigan . 
The government and the ANC , the bitterest of enemies , are engaged in an elaborate mating dance designed to entice each other to the negotiating table . 
But advertising revenue is inadequate . 
Feeling the naggings of a culture imperative , I promptly signed up . 
As it is , we identify national goals and the threats to these goals , we shape a strategy to counter these threats , we determine the forces needed to execute the strategy , before finally forging the budgets needed to build and maintain the forces . 
The Asian Art Museum in Golden Gate Park reports $ 10 million to $ 15 million in damage , including shattered porcelains and stone figures . 
Baker nonetheless remains furious both at Shamir , for backing down on the elections , and at Shamir 's rival , Peres , for political ineptitude in forcing a premature cabinet vote on Baker 's plan . 
Illinois Company Investments had been trimming its ranks until last summer . 
`` It has difficulties paying its foreign debts , '' says a Hong Kong executive who is familiar with Sitco 's business . 
In August 1983 , Mr. Noriega took over as General and de-facto dictator of Panama , having maneuvered his way to the top only two years after the mysterious death in a plane crash of his old boss Omar Torrijos . 
`` Unisys is getting clobbered . 
While the government drains Pemex from above , the union has drained it from below . 
Estimated volume was a moderate 3.5 million ounces . 
The product overcame the bad publicity and kept evolving . 
Spending by Japanese households averaged 290,782 yen ( $ 2,052.10 ) in August . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the forest-products company reported profit of $ 144.9 million , or 69 cents a share . 
The Iran-Contra judge agreed to allow Poindexter to subpoena the personal papers of ex-President Reagan , ruling that there was sufficient evidence that the data would be important to the defense . 
Amusing as she is , and frivolous as she can seem , this is a serious person with some difficult memories . 
Someone with a master 's degree in classical arts who works in a deli would be ideal , Litigation Sciences advises . 
And they , or even the prospect of them , discourage disaster preparedness in the form of speculative advance stocking of supplies by merchants . 
As Japanese auto makers gained market share , the Big Three , with GM in the lead , slashed North American production and launched a retail discounting blitz . 
Unions are pressing demands for wage increases of more than 10 % despite general belief that economic growth next year will be less than 2 % . 
But only 6 % to 7 % of the investors were committing more than half their funds to either of those alternatives . 
Intel told analysts that the company will resume shipments of the chips within two to three weeks . 
Emerson Electric Co. and Robert Bosch G.m.b.H. said the Federal Trade Commission has requested additional information from the two companies about their announced intention to acquire Vermont American Corp. for $ 40 a share , or about $ 440 million . 
AVX Corp. and Unitrode Corp. said they completed the previously reported sale of Unitrode 's San Diego-based Passive Components division to AVX . 
Jerell could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
How difficult it is for a thinking person to live among societies rooted in the past . 
Conservationists say that drift-net fishing threatens to wipe out much of the world 's tuna stocks in a few years . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
( By comparison , German domestic stock volume in Frankfurt only doubled that day . ) 
Underwriters led by PaineWebber Inc. set preliminary pricing for $ 144.4 million of California Health Facilities Financing Authority revenue bonds for Kaiser Permanente . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
In one , birds are the dominant carnivores ; in another the seas abound with `` little penises . '' 
Mr. Darby called it a `` disappointment '' but predicted exports will pick up again . 
`` This bad trade number raises some deeper issues about the market decline , '' said Norman Robertson , chief economist for Mellon Bank . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 95.39 , off 0.28 . 
Trade and Industry Secretary Nicholas Ridley told the House of Commons yesterday that he will relinquish the government 's so-called golden share in the company as long as Jaguar shareholders agree . 
First Capital Holdings Corp. , proposed offering of $ 275 million of floating rate senior notes , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
It 's something likely to be spread out over a long period of time . 
The Republicans maintain that a 30 % capital-gains exclusion will raise revenue in the short term and spur economic investment , while the Democrats maintain that an increase in the top income-tax rate and expanded IRAs will raise revenue and spur savings . 
In August , the company warned investors that the acquisition was being delayed , and many customers were holding off on purchase decisions until the takeover was completed . 
Thus armed for massive matching of documents by computer , they single out high-income groups , looking primarily for people who have n't filed New York income-tax returns . 
Plaintiffs , he says , will argue that damaged structures were n't built to proper design standards . 
Hers is a hand that will test the mettle of her audiences . 
However , Bear Stearns on Monday reported improved earnings for its first quarter , ended Sept. 29 , partly because of a 31 % increase in commissions during the quarter . 
( In billions of U.S. dollars , not seasonally adjusted ) 
Yesterday , Armstrong announced an agreement to sell its small Applied Color Systems unit to a subsidiary of the Swiss company , Brauerei Eichof Ltd . 
As the yen soared in recent years , Sansui 's deepening financial problems became a vicious circle . 
The utility holding company said Hunter will receive 390,000 shares of a new series of Cilcorp convertible preferred stock with a face value of $ 39 million for the businesses . 
French chemicals group , Orkem S.A. , said Wednesday it has made a bid for control of Coates Brothers PLC , a British manufacturer of inks and polyester resins . 
Mr. Bartlett had slimmed Moliere 's cast of characters to six and set them in the London media world of Thatcherite Britain . 
The estimate includes the results of new stores . 
When his secretary is found floating dead in the pol 's pool , Mancuso is called in to investigate . 
Issues typically come with `` credit enhancements , '' such as a bank letter of credit , and thus have received high credit ratings . 
But I had expected more , which is one reason I began looking at evidence suggesting defects in the official output estimates . 
William C. Ballard Jr. , 48 years old , was elected a director of this distilled beverages concern , expanding the board to 11 members . 
Investment-grade corporates closed about 1\/4 point higher in quiet trading . 
The Atlanta-based chemical manufacturer said lower prices hurt margins for most products . 
I read the exerpts of Wayne Angell 's exchange with a Gosbank representative ( `` Put the Soviet Economy on Golden Rails , '' editorial page , Oct. 5 ) with great interest , since the gold standard is one of my areas of research . 
( Put options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to sell a financial instrument at a specified price , while call options give holders the right , but not the obligation , to buy a financial instrument at a specified price ) . 
The Fed 's case for its own independence would be a little stronger if it were more solicitous of the independence of the rest of the government . ) 
Dealers said it was hit by some profit-taking after gains since mid-week . 
`` Eight years I 've had it . 
The company made and marketed the Dalkon Shield in the early 1970s amid mounting evidence that it could cause serious injuries . 
Officials said they were n't sure how the money will be distributed among overseas units , but added that NEC Semiconductors U.K. Ltd. will receive priority . 
The company 's U.S. subsidiary , Matsushita Electric Corp. of America , had donated over $ 35,000 worth of Matsushita-made flashlights and batteries to residents shortly after the disaster , a company spokesman said . 
U.S. auto analysts also noted that Ford is in the best position to benefit from the large number of Jaguar shares that have moved over the past month into the hands of arbitragers waiting for the highest takeover bid . 
And the number of rigs active in the U.S. is inching up . 
So Brooks gave the dirty work to Coin Wrap Inc. , which came up with an unusual solution . 
They 've now adapted the yeast to making genetically engineered drugs . 
American Suzuki 's previous agency , Keye\/Donna\/Pearlstein , did n't participate . 
Honeywell Inc. , Minneapolis , said it completed its previously announced sale of 16 % of the shares outstanding in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for $ 280 million . 
Under the terms of the settlement , the limited partners would drop their civil suits against Drexel , now pending in federal court in New York , another individual said . 
The third part , consisting of $ 1 billion of noncallable bonds due Oct. 1 , 1994 , was priced as 8 1\/4 % securities at 99.672 to yield 8.33 % . 
Jewelry displays in department stores were often cluttered and uninspired . 
The 220 pilots involved in the suit are n't members of the union . 
The CWA claims that monitoring not only infringes on employee privacy , but increases stress . 
Specifically , the law says the rates must closely reflect what the company 's actual expenses have been to replace damaged cars . 
Mr. Gelbart also has fun with language . 
A surprising surge in the U.S. trade deficit raised fears that the nation 's export drive has stalled , and caused new turmoil in financial markets . 
The $ 99 CD-ROM disk ( it can only be played on an Apple Macintosh computer at the moment ) combines animation , music and sound . 
Digital Equipment Corp. , with major facilities in Santa Clara , Cupertino , Palo Alto and Mountain View , said that all of its engineering and manufacturing sites had reported to corporate headquarters in Maynard , Mass. , Tuesday night . 
That complex bid was billed as France 's largest takeover ever ( this one is slightly smaller ) . 
All of a sudden , it was back to square one . 
Because of this and the huge trade gap , the deficit in China 's current account , which measures trade in goods and services plus certain unilateral transfers of funds , is expected to widen sharply from the $ 3.8 billion deficit last year . 
Eastern Airlines ' creditors committee backed off a move to come up with its own alternative proposals to the carrier 's bankruptcy reorganization plans , according to sources familiar with the committee . 
The down trend was partly the result of tighter credit sparked by a discount rate increase by the Bank of Japan in May . 
In composite trading Friday on the New York Stock Exchange , BellSouth shares fell 87.5 cents to $ 52.125 . 
Loral also reported that its bookings more than doubled to $ 654 million in the quarter , ended Sept. 30 , from $ 257 million , in the year-before period . 
The rapid deterioration of the Arizona thrifts only adds to the ever-swelling cost of the government 's massive thrift bailout , officially estimated at about $ 166 billion . 
The Japanese company received orders totaling 12.44 billion yen ( $ 87.9 million ) from its U.S. business activities during the fiscal year ended in March . 
We suspect Daniel Ortega knows the difference between a blunder and a strategy . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8485 marks , down from 1.8667 marks late Tuesday , and at 141.45 yen , down from 142.75 yen late Tuesday . 
The Kraft package included a specially published cookbook , a national free-standing insert in Sunday newspapers , and a Kraft `` advertorial '' section that ran in five Meredith magazines . 
Current quotations would reflect the combined financial judgment of all market participants -- not just those of intermediaries who become extremely risk-averse during times of crisis . 
The House action yesterday came as the Senate remained mired in difficulties over a $ 17.25 billion measure covering the budgets for the State , Commerce , and Justice departments in fiscal 1990 . 
Gen. Gromov himself said Soviet troops expected to leave behind more than $ 1 billion of military equipment and installations for the Kabul regime . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful increase in operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. business , '' he said . 
Coca-Cola Co. may be about to intensify the cola wars . 
But , as he and his skilled team soon discover , they 're up against two factors they had n't counted on : first , a business climate in which a failing company with few assets and many debts can borrow against the assets of the successful company it hopes to acquire in order to finance the takeover ; second , that standing behind AIW is a sinister consortium of much bigger , shadier and shrewder foreign interests secretly providing the money and muscle for the deal . 
Pretax operating profit from telephone operations rose 8.2 % but profits from telecommunications products and electrical products were flat . 
The index has a base of 100 set in 1980 and is n't seasonally adjusted . 
It 's being sold through bookstores , newsstands and some video stores . 
All estimates exclude highway repair , which could exceed $ 1 billion . 
Other bids ranged from about 10 million yen to 29 million yen . 
JUST FIVE ACRES MORE are all we need to feel really at home , they say . 
Inco said it plans to buy back as many as five million common shares over the next 12 months if nickel market conditions are favorable . 
Time Warner Inc. is considering a legal challenge to Tele-Communications Inc. 's plan to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. , a move that could lead to all-out war between the cable industry 's two most powerful players . 
Her idea : bring in live zoo animals . 
This is that the Reagan Revolution spanning Eastern Europe and Tiananmen Square shows the power of ideas unencumbered by international civil servants or government functionaries . 
Regarding your Sept. 28 Politics & Policy column on the party differences over cutting capital gains or expanding IRAs : Why not compromise now and save the public from the coming infantile congressional political rhetoric that seems to go hand in hand with the process ? 
The Providence , R.I. , financial services group , which includes commercial-credit , leasing and mortgage-banking operations , contributed $ 30.6 million to net , up from last year 's $ 21.3 million . 
Amdahl Corp. , backed by Japan 's Fujitsu Ltd. , has a growing share of the market with its low-priced , IBM-compatible machines . 
That 's particularly true , analysts say , for certain of the securities , such as those backed by time-share loans . 
The U.S. has befriended and later turned against many dictators , but none quite so resourceful . 
Yale Jay Lubkin 
Viatech Inc. said it received approval from the French government for its proposed $ 44.7 million acquisition of Ferembal S.A . 
( Cash flow , basically earnings plus depreciation , is one common gauge of a company 's financial health . ) 
But it is puzzling to some Hollywood executives that Sony rushed to hire them without clearing up the Warner situation first . 
How can we turn this situation around ? 
Erich Krampe , president of the U.S. sales arm of West German auto maker Daimler Benz AG , predicted luxury-car sales will rise to 840,000 in 1990 from 830,000 this year primarily because of the new Japanese makes . 
The first is Wednesday 's survey of purchasing managers , considered a good indicator of how the nation 's manufacturing sector fared in October . 
Roche also said it expects a `` considerable rise '' in 1989 group profit from the 641.5 million-franc ( $ 396 million ) net in 1988 . 
In the long , frightening night after Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , Bay Area residents searched for comfort and solace wherever they could . 
In addition , further packaging of mortgage-backed securities , such as Blackstone 's fund , have reduced the effects of prepayment risk and automatically reinvest monthly payments so institutions do n't have to . 
`` We have invested in improved editorial quality and expanded our quality audience without substantially increasing our costs . 
`` These people are very skilled at finding out what makes a person tick , '' says Kent Neal , chief of the economic-crime unit of the Broward County State Attorney 's Office in Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , a major haven for boiler rooms . 
The rejection by Aoun , who has demanded a total and immediate pull-out of Damascus 's 33,000 troops , puts the future of the agreement in doubt . 
As of Sept. 30 , American Brands had 95.2 million shares outstanding . 
Sales rose 8 % to $ 1.15 billion from $ 1.06 billion . 
Two other defendants previously pleaded guilty , and charges against the third were dropped . 
That includes all the gas consumed in Ontario and Quebec , along with the bulk of Canadian gas exports to the 
The Chinese can not be seen to have made use of the Khmer Rouge and then discard them . '' 
One longtime champion of these programs in Congress , Republican whip Newt Gingrich of Georgia , is distracted by questions about his ethics , conservatives note . 
If the railroad is valued on a private market basis -- at the same multiple of earnings as in the recent sale of CNW -- it would have a value of $ 1.65 billion . 
Yet some people are advancing a chilling casuistry : that what we are seeing is somehow the understandable result of the historical sins committed by the Turks in the 16th century . 
If positioned over the brain 's motor-control area , the hand-held electromagnets generate nerve impulses that zip down motor nerves and activate muscles , making , say , a finger twitch . 
An alternative and more convincing explanation , confirmed by recent events and a close inspection of the Gorbachev program , is that the new Soviet economic and social structures are intended to conform to a model other than that of the market . 
Only 10 years ago , for instance , Lloyd 's was the pre-eminent insurer of thoroughbred horses . 
The commercial was absolutely silent . 
By day 's end , the Dow industrials had rebounded 88.12 points , or nearly half of Friday 's drop . 
StatesWest asked Mesa to repond by Oct. 31 . 
The Chemical spokeswoman said the bank has examined its methodologies and internal controls . 
In recent years , though , a passel of others flying the no-load flag have been imposing hefty charges -- all the way up to 6 % -- when an investor sells his shares . 
Mr. Andersson is anxious to strengthen Trelleborg 's balance sheet . 
The most onerous , many entrepreneurs say , is the record-keeping and filing required by tax authorities . 
Knight-Ridder would n't comment on the offer . 
Senate Appropriations Committee Chairman Robert Byrd ( D. , W.Va . ) even added report language listing $ 49.4 million in projects he wants in the budget next year . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
`` By encouraging massive , routine , voluntary testing we can enable society to voluntarily segregate itself sexually into two groups : those who carry the virus and those who do not , '' the Indianapolis research organization said in a new report . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
No cholesterol , of course . 
Last week , Mesa rejected a general proposal from StatesWest that the two carriers combine . 
Oil prices initially rose on fears that the massive earthquake in Northern California would disrupt production . 
In national over-the-counter trading , the company closed yesterday at $ 23.25 a share , down 25 cents . 
`` Japanese stock salesmen selling American bonds ? 
More than half of poor families were headed by women living without men , the bureau said . 
Rockwell International Corp. bought out Ikegai Corp. 's interest in Ikegai-Goss , a joint venture of the two companies based in Tokyo . 
`` I guess I was naive , '' he said . 
If human beings ca n't cut federal spending honestly -- and they ca n't -- let the computers do it . 
Capitalizing on that presence , Western Digital is launching a major effort to develop the embryonic reseller market in Europe . 
Delmed , which makes and sells peritoneal dialysis products used in treating kidney disease , on Tuesday announced the resignations of Robert S. Ehrlich , chairman , president and chief executive officer , and of Leslie I. Shapiro , chief operating officer and chief financial officer . 
`` While the stock market was falling , most { junk bond holders } were just watching it not knowing what to do , '' said Paul Suckow , director of fixed-income securities at Oppenheimer Management Corp . 
Jonathan Lloyd , executive vice president and chief financial officer of Qintex Entertainment , said Qintex Entertainment was forced to file for protection to avoid going into default under its agreement with MCA . 
He signed up for intelligence and counter-intelligence training under American officers at Fort Gulick in Panama in July 1967 , according to a copy of a 1983 resume with details Mr. Noriega has since classified as secret . 
What you then do is you make them think inappropriately . '' 
B.A.T is n't predicting a postponement because the units `` are quality businesses and we are encouraged by the breadth of inquiries , '' said Mr. Prideaux . 
In principle , they will enable doctors to check the body 's motor system the way an electrician tests a home 's electrical circuits by running current through them . 
Genetics Institute disclosed recently that it is embroiled in a dispute with Boehringer Mannheim , which distributes the drug , regarding the usability of some batches . 
Investors , trying to raise cash , have sold `` large liquid issues '' such as RJR Holdings Corp. and Kroger Co. ; declines in these benchmark issues have contributed to the market 's distress . 
The current vaccine for whooping cough , or pertussis , is part of the `` DPT '' ( for diphtheria , pertussis , tetanus ) shot given most infants and young children . 
The buy-back represents about 3 % of the company 's shares , based on the 3.7 million shares outstanding as of Sept. 30 . 
This Brooklyn , N.Y. , generic-drug maker announced a 5 % stock dividend payable Dec. 15 , to holders of record Nov. 15 . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 10 classes by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
ENFIELD Corp. said in Toronto that it hopes to raise 56 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 47.7 million ) through a rights offering to shareholders . 
They are awaiting an arbitration proceeding . 
Qintex Entertainment is 43 % owned by Qintex Australia and said it relies on the Australian company for funding its working capital requirements . 
Mr. Honecker 's ignoble fall culminates nearly two decades of iron-handed leadership during which Mr. Honecker , now 77 years old , built East Germany into the most economically advanced nation in the Soviet bloc . 
Volume 164,830,000 shares . 
In a move to prevent any dislocation in the financial markets from the California earthquake , the Securities and Exchange Commission said it temporarily reassigned options listed on the Pacific Stock Exchange to the American , New York and Philadelphia stock exchanges and to the Chicago Board Options Exchange . 
RJR Nabisco Inc. awarded its national broadcast media-buying assignment to FCB\/Leber Katz Partners , the New York outpost of Chicago-based Foote , Cone & Belding . 
USACafes Limited Partnership said it completed the sale of its Bonanza restaurant franchise system to a subsidiary of Metromedia Co. for $ 71 million in cash . 
RESEARCHERS diagnosed a genetic defect in a three-day-old mouse embryo in an experiment directly applicable to humans . 
The executives had profited handsomely by building American National Can Co. , Triangle 's chief asset . 
He assumed that principal and interest were `` fully insured up to $ 100,000 , '' he adds . 
He also cited unfavorable foreign-exchange rates and a lower tax rate . 
Twice in two weeks the unraveling of the on-again , off-again UAL buy-out slammed the stock market . 
Overall , Salomon reported program trading volume of 75.2 million shares . 
Another inflationary sign came in a surge in building-society lending to a record # 10.2 billion ( $ 16.22 billion ) last month , a much higher level than economists had predicted . 
In the six months ended Sept. 30 , pretax profit at the British clothing and food retailer rose to # 208.7 million ( $ 330.1 million ) from # 185.5 million a year ago . 
But British Air , which was to have supplied $ 750 million out of $ 965 million in equity financing , apparently was n't involved in the second proposal and could well reject it even if banks obtain financing . 
`` If you do n't save your critical people , you wo n't be able to bring up your vital business functions . '' 
U.S. curbs on the exports of sensitive technology to East bloc countries will remain in place , however . 
`` It 's a baptism of fire for Corry , '' says one USX executive . 
`` Now we 're looking for a room with thicker walls , '' Ms. Banks says . 
This summer , speeding bikers were blamed for an accident in the Napa County park , in which a horse -- spooked on a trail that was closed to bikers -- broke its leg . 
Georgia-Pacific , which has suspended its stock-repurchase program , would finance the acquisition with all bank debt , provided by banks led by BankAmerica Corp . 
The Treasury bills sold yesterday settle today , rather than the standard settlement day of Thursday . 
Big buyers like Procter & Gamble say there are other spots on the globe , and in India , where the seed could be grown . 
`` For short-term gains , people were willing to put up with him . 
Casinos today offer bowling alleys , water parks , golf courses , tennis courts , lush swimming pools and other diversions , and more such facilities are being designed . 
In addition to the stock and 20 % of Manville 's profits beginning in 1992 , the trust is supposed to receive $ 2.5 billion over its 27-year life . 
Digital 's new line has been a long time coming . 
`` I bought from willing shareholders . '' 
The results ca n't be extrapolated to all investors , though . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters maintain that executives at Warner have always known of their ambitions to run a major entertainment powerhouse , but that Warner never felt threatened until they linked up with Sony . 
The company had been one of the maninstays of Miami Beach financier Victor Posner 's empire . 
In that case , international banks and investors incurred big losses because they incorrectly believed the company 's debt carried implicit state guarantees . 
HomeFed has $ 17.9 billion of assets . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Only a few books fell in the reading room . 
There were no immediate reports of deaths , but officials said a number of workers were still unaccounted for last night . 
He can live with little pleasures . 
Likely changes include more emphasis on research , soaring advertising budgets and aggressive pricing . 
West Virginia Parkways , Economic Development and Tourism Authority -- $ 143 million of parkway revenue bonds , Series 1989 , with current interest bonds due 1990-2002 and 2019 and capital appreciation bonds due 2003-2008 , tentatively priced by a PaineWebber Inc. group to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.31 % in 2019 . 
Revenue rose to $ 4.45 billion from $ 4.15 billion . 
`` Up until now the courts have said it is not their role to supervise the foreign country 's courts , '' said Jacques Semmelman , the assistant U.S. attorney on the case . 
( Puts , or sell options , would not be added until 1977 . ) 
The defense lawyers , three of whom are solo practitioners , say they ca n't afford to put their law practices on hold for another seven-month trial . 
The machinists ' criticisms of the labor-management bid and their threats of a strike unless they received substantial wage increases this year helped cool banks ' interest in financing the transaction . 
Advertisers attribute this shared loyalty to the striking similarity among brands . 
It is almost a carbon copy of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange 's Eurodollar contract , which is based on the three-month Eurodollar rate , the rate paid on U.S.-dollar deposits in London banks . 
Nissan initially planned to sell just 10,000 Paos , but sales have passed 50,000 , and there 's a one-year waiting list for the car . 
Earnings fell to $ 877 million , or $ 1.51 a share , somewhat below securities analysts ' revised expectations of around $ 1.60 a share . 
( IBM won the case . ) 
It did n't help that on Saturday , after three days of sunshine , it rained . 
With demand growing and workers in short supply , many Japanese manufacturers are spending heavily on automation . 
At the time the plan was announced , there were 135 lawyers . 
It 's not enough . 
Sales of medium and heavy-duty trucks continue to lag previous-year rates , leading Eaton to expect fourth-quarter net income to fall below year-earlier levels , said Stephen R. Hardis , vice chairman and chief financial and administrative officer . 
Half-year production was up 3.4 % compared with the same period a year earlier . 
Secondly , critics have charged AZT 's maker Burroughs Wellcome Co. with corporate inertia because children account for just 1 % of the patient population and hence a small part of the large and lucrative market . 
The government 's primary economic-forecasting gauge rose a slight 0.2 % in September , but economists said the report offered little new information on the degree to which the U.S. economy is slowing . 
By late last year he was invited back as `` the tire king '' to display his products at a national exhibition . 
A major boost to Mr. Rey 's respectability among the Swiss came in 1986 when he sold 60 % of his Phibro Bank to the conservative Swiss cantonal banks . 
All three new models are outselling their predecessors by wide margins . 
In Oakland , hopes faded for finding any more survivors within the concrete and steel from the collapse of an interstate highway . 
Last year 's results reflected a gain of $ 28.2 million on disposition of assets and a $ 165 million pretax provision mainly from costs of completing certain waste-to-energy and other power plants . 
What gives these events particular significance , however , is the fact that they are part of a wider drama affecting the strategic positions of both the U.S. and the Soviet Union on the horn of Africa . 
Because of the charge , Ashland expects to report a loss for the fourth quarter and `` significantly lower results '' for fiscal 1989 . 
The stock tumbled 2 3\/4 on news that it might have to take a charge against earnings if it ca n't successfully resolve a dispute with its European licensee , Boehringer Mannheim , over its anti-anemia drug , EPO . 
Any raider would find it hard to crack AG 's battlements . 
First they get us to buy computers so we can get more information . 
That was just an early step in a relationship with government that has earned the Mitsubishi group the dubious moniker of `` seisho , '' literally government-business , a title that has the pejorative connotation of doing the government 's bidding , but also suggests the clout inherent in maintaining such close ties . 
A sinking pound makes imports more expensive and increases businesses ' expectations of future inflation , he argued . 
`` But people do n't buy anything on expectation anymore , '' says Jack Utter , who manages the high-yield fund of IDS Financial Services . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. will announce today a software program that allows computers in a network to speed up computing tasks by sending the tasks to each other . 
Elsewhere on the takeover front , Time Warner advanced 2 5\/8 to 136 5\/8 and Warner Communications tacked on 7\/8 to 63 7\/8 . 
`` He says he ` stole them , ' '' recalls Mr. Guterman . 
`` I want to add one more truck , '' Mr. Huber says . 
The CD trend runs counter to the direction of short-term interest rates at the Treasury bill auction Monday . 
The consensus view on real GNP , the total value of the U.S. output of goods and services adjusted for inflation , calls for a 2.3 % gain on an annual basis , slowing somewhat from the second quarter 's 2.5 % , but still fairly strong . 
What happened ? 
Still , analysts do n't expect the buy-back to significantly affect per-share earnings in the short term . 
Ashland Oil 
To correct this inequality , most people would have favored an indirect tax , like the consumption tax . 
The coincidence might lead to the conclusion that short-sellers bet heavily on that day that OTC stocks would decline further . 
So we all stand to benefit if patient-physician relations become a `` partnership . '' 
`` They want the full press releases on printer announcements by their competition , '' Mr. Amram says . 
Shalom . 
That is in part because of the effect of having to average the number of shares outstanding , she said . 
The sweep by the A's , whose pitchers and home-run hitters dominated the injury-prone Giants , will only make things worse for ABC , owned by Capital Cities\/ABC Inc . 
Volume was only 256.6 million shares , breaking the previous 1989 low of 276.8 million shares recorded Oct. 23 . 
Officials expect the Golden Gate Bridge to be swamped with an extra load of commuters , including East Bay residents making a long detour . 
It also says countries could temporarily raise tariffs on certain products if they experience an unusually heavy volume of imports . 
Mr. Ely , 57 years old , temporarily increases the board to seven members . 
Libya 's previous conditions are no longer considered a problem , although the United Arab Emirates is still an issue . 
China 's leaders have promised generous liberties for post-1997 Hong Kong . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- $ 150 million of 8 1\/2 % bonds due Nov. 22 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 8.54 % at reoffered price , via lead manager JP Morgan Securities Ltd . 
Seasonal Stackup 
But Ford clearly views Jaguar as a prize worth fighting for , since the company 's gilded brand image would give Ford a badly needed leg up in the high end of the luxury markets in both Europe and the U.S. . 
Tuesday night , thousands were diverted to other airports and had to wait a day to resume travel . 
Investment and emigration plans take time to come to fruition . 
The same evening that he was summoned for a warning from the Party , he was cheered by thousands of his supporters at a rally of what can only be called the Korotich party . 
All of which has enabled those of us in Washington who enjoy wallowing in such things to go into high public dudgeon , as Mr. Apple and I did the other night on ABC 's `` Nightline . '' 
The new notes will bear interest at 5.5 % through July 31 , 1991 , and thereafter at 10 % . 
The Jamaica Tourist Board , in the wake of Young & Rubicam 's indictment on charges that it bribed Jamaican officials to win the account in 1981 , released a scathing memo blaming the agency for the embarrassing incident . 
`` When the chain stores took over , there was no longer a connection between grower and consumer . 
`` We do n't need cartoons anymore . 
Levi Strauss Associates Inc. , the closely held owner of Levi Strauss & Co. , said its fiscal third-quarter earnings jumped to $ 128.6 million from $ 31.3 million a year earlier , aided by a $ 69.8 million gain from the sale of stock in a Japanese subsidiary . 
In the TVS statement , Mr. Price said `` leaving MTM was a very difficult decision , '' but added that `` it is now time for a change ... . '' 
The amendment , offered by Rep. Douglas Bosco ( D. , Calif. ) , was approved 283-132 during debate on a bill designed to strengthen the Transportation Department 's authority in dealing with leveraged buy-outs of airlines . 
PNC Financial 
`` If you 're going to be consistent and say it is a constitutionally protected right , '' he asks , `` how are you going to say an upscale woman who can drive to the hospital or clinic in a nice car has a constitutional right and someone who is not in great shape financially does not ? '' 
The ministry inquired about that deal -- which Mr. Utsumi declined to identify -- because the large presence of Japanese banks in the deal was `` being strongly criticized in the U.S. Congress '' and it was `` necessary for us to grasp the situation . '' 
`` I 'm the secretary-general , if there is one , '' he says , greeting a visitor to his office . 
But the Japanese practice of deep discounting often is cited by Americans as a classic barrier to entry in Japan 's market . 
General Electric Co. executives and lawyers provided `` misleading and false '' information to the Pentagon in 1985 in an effort to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices , federal prosecutors alleged in legal briefs . 
CNW Corp. said the final step in the acquisition of the company has been completed with the merger of CNW with a subsidiary of Chicago & North Western Holdings Corp . 
`` I think as the pricing time arrives , the bonds will come a little richer and in a larger amount . '' 
Some 1,111 Big Board issues advanced in price and only 448 declined , while broader market averages rose sharply . 
The word is out . 
Written by Barbara Benedek , co-author of `` The Big Chill , '' `` Immediate Family '' takes the position that only rich people living in nice houses should have children . 
I do n't know the quality of the works my colleagues have sent in , but in any case I feel confident that good sense and honest judgment ... '' 
According to a spokeswoman , they also relate to changes Franklin will have to make in its accounting procedures to comply with new federal capitalization requirements for thrifts . 
Mead gained 1 to 37 7\/8 . 
In the year-ago period , the company earned $ 12.9 million , or 45 cents a share , on sales of $ 247 million . 
Perhaps the most disturbing finding is that the bowling alley may be an endangered American institution . 
You already know the answer . 
The most important governments have ignored the role of low tax rates in attracting real capital investment , instead emphasizing financial flows in response to high interest rates . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , Cambrex shares rose 50 cents to close at $ 13 a share . 
This is not the case . 
CRA Ltd. said it agreed to sell a 40 % stake in its Howick coal mine in the state of New South Wales to Mitsubishi Development Pty. of Japan . 
The ratings concern said it downgraded Beatrice notes , Euronotes and certain industrial revenue bonds to single-B-1 from Ba-3 and the company 's subordinated debentures to single-B-3 from single-B-2 . 
A number of those polled predict the dollar will slip as the Federal Reserve eases interest rates . 
Rockefeller Group agreed to sell a 51 % interest to Mitsubishi Estate , a major Japanese developer and property owner , for $ 846 million . 
And the number of stocks hitting new lows far outstrips the number setting new highs . 
But in private meetings yesterday , Budget Director Richard Darman argued that only $ 1.5 billion in new federal appropriations are needed to supplement existing resources . 
Consider , for instance , that even yesterday 's widely publicized sequester is likely to be traduced if business as usual is allowed to prevail . 
Furthermore , Mr. Smith added , `` our contract with our pilots says that we will manage our fleet operations with their advice . 
But the push for cleaner fuels is increasing the attractiveness of natural gas . 
`` Why should I be part of that problem ? 
`` It 's a very uncertain situation right now , '' said Navin Vyas , administrative assistant of trading floor operations of the exchange , which has daily volume of about 10 million shares . 
The now-standard price of $ 1 a share came about by accident . 
Biosource Genetics Corp. , Vacaville , Calif. , is developing a spray containing a gene that spreads from cell to cell and interferes with the genes that are responsible for producing pollen . 
In the secondary , or resale , market , junk bonds closed 1\/2 point higher , while investment-grade corporate bonds fell 1\/8 to 1\/4 point . 
The Tucson , Ariz. , operator of addiction-treatment centers said proceeds will be used for expansion , to pay debt and for general corporate purposes . 
He said he has not met with representatives from Acadia . 
The Treasury Department said the U.S. trade deficit may worsen next year , after two years of significant improvement . 
That 's because when Coke looks to the Pacific area , it sees an economic and demographic gold mine . 
The SEC will probably vote on the proposal early next year , he said . 
Here is a summary of the Federal Reserve Board 's report on industrial production in September . 
Flight Attendants Lag Before Jets Even Land 
These include trying to protect its print advertising by invoking the First Amendment , and wooing blacks by portraying itself as a protector of civil rights . 
`` Unless there is an enormous rate of economic growth or a further drop in the dollar , it 's unlikely that consumption of U.S. produced steel will grow sufficiently to offset the growth of minimills . '' 
Speculation has also arisen that the UAL executive most closely identified with the failure to gain bank financing , chief financial officer John Pope , may come under pressure to resign . 
{ During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . } 
September program trading amounted to 13.8 % of average daily New York Stock Exchange volume of 151.8 million shares , the largest percentage since the exchange began making such figures public in July 1988 . 
We lived in rural areas many years , but now live in St. Louis County , Mo . 
Among other things , the industry is trying to come up with standardized business lists that cut down on duplications . 
Other possibilities include a child-care initiative and an increase in the minimum wage . 
A capital-gains tax cut might be paired with such measures to help ensure passage . 
I could see the flames from San Francisco from my house across the bay . 
On the other hand , Symbol Technologies dropped 1 1\/4 to 18 1\/2 after Shearson Lehman Hutton lowered its short-term investment rating on the stock and its 1989 earnings estimate , and Commodore International fell 7\/8 to 8 after the company said it expects to post a loss for the September quarter . 
Each side has called a Harvard Business School professor to testify on that issue . 
Computer and software companies in the region are expecting virtually no long-term disruption in shipments . 
`` You 're telling someone they can spend the next three or four or five or six years of their life bringing about the most difficult and costly modernization of an information system on the civil side ever , '' Mr. Goldberg said . 
`` Nobody is going to make a real bid before the middle of November , '' said one investment banker familiar with the discussions in Japan . 
Among them , Home Shopping , QVC and CVN already control most of that young and fast-growing market , which last year had sales of about $ 1.4 billion . 
Lotus , Cambridge , Mass. , has been rumored to have the sale of the four-year-old unit under consideration for a year . 
Creditors involved in the project contend , however , that the termination actually had nothing to do with these technical violations . 
He won D.T. 's queen for two minor pieces and two pawns -- not enough compensation , in this position , to give the computer much hope . 
Well , `` Days of Rage '' airing with before-and-after packaging , and after repeated delays , was a beginning . 
The effective date of the registration is to be determined by the SEC . 
Market participants said that the mark continues to post the most significant gains against the dollar . 
He said that within the past few days , he 's gotten evidence that there is a `` weak correlation '' between the time the heat bursts occur and the production of tritium . 
Down by the stream , a group of Orange Workers puts the finishing touches on a golf course . 
The number includes such unstylish burgs as , well , Oakland . 
But most are linked by a single theme : liquidity -- the ability to get in and out of the market quickly . 
What defeated General Aoun was not only the weight of the Syrian army . 
At this point , the truce between feminism and sensationalism gets mighty uneasy . 
The dealership took the extra step of having all the paper work for the transaction pre-approved by Ebensburg 's local lender , Laurel Bank . 
Unions covered by one or other provisions generally settled for lower percentage wage increases . 
`` It 's bad soil , '' he says . 
a tragicomic monologue by an idealistic , not unheroic , though sadly self-deceived English butler in his sixties -- proceeds as if the realistic English novel of manners , like Britannia herself , still ruled the waves . 
DHAWK : 
`` I do n't think you 'll find I 'm making a radical change in my traditional investment style , '' Mr. Steinhardt says . 
As she rode over regulations , only her friendship with party leaders , including Nguyen Van Linh , then Ho Chi Minh City party secretary , kept her out of jail . 
Those Metropolitan Life ads were bad enough . 
DDB Needham 's office building may have sustained structural damage , the spokesman added . 
Economists generally agree that the rate was lowered by the Fed from around 9 % , where it had been since July , to about 8 3\/4 % in early October on the heels of a weak employment report . 
This is worth remembering when insurers and their salesmen try to sell you permanent insurance , the kind that amasses cash value . 
The high court majority said it was up to the state courts for now to decide whether the definition has any bearing on other state laws . 
Volume of asset-backed securities issued annually 
He probably did n't penetrate any top-secret files , but the KGB in East Berlin was willing to pay two of his associates , Peter Carl and Dirk Brezinski , $ 15,000 for some of the material Hess collected . 
John Wells , 47 , former president and chief executive of N W Ayer 's Chicago office , was named management director and director of account services at WPP Group 's J. Walter Thompson agency in Chicago ... . 
He also will sit on the company 's corporate planning and policy committee , made up of the top corporate and operating executives . 
As we queasily start The search for replacements , we know The new one we purchase in hopes it will do , Despite every wonder that 's stated , Means more speed , more graphics , more memory , too , But also more quickly out - dated ! 
The real jury returned days later with a $ 345 million victory for Energy Transportation . 
Republicans have been imploring the White House to compromise on the wage issue . 
Another described how tax-collection officials in Thanh Hoa province one night stormed through homes and confiscated rice from starving villagers . 
Ashland Oil Inc. said it will take after-tax charges of $ 78 million , or $ 1.40 a share , in its fiscal fourth quarter , ended Sept. 30 . 
Tennessee and North Carolina , home states of the two Democratic chairmen of the House and Senate military construction subcommittees , receive $ 243.2 million , or 25 % above the Pentagon 's request . 
`` You 'll never know 'til you try , '' says a black skier . 
For example , he says , the company is planning to go nationwide with a new service , tested in parts of the country , aimed at taxpayers who want refunds in a hurry . 
The center , close to Hong Kong 's border with China , will be ready today and will be able to house 1,000 inmates , Police Deputy Director Peter Wong said . 
( Industrial output surged 21 % in 1988 , while inflation peaked last February at nearly 30 % . ) 
However , these discount purchase rights may generally be redeemed at a nominal cost by the corporation 's directors if they approve of a bidder . 
Because the Soviet ruble is n't convertible into dollars , marks and other Western currencies , companies that hope to set up production facilities here must either export some of the goods to earn hard currency or find Soviet goods they can take in a counter-trade transaction . 
Warner also had a gain of more than 13 % from records and music publishing , even though the domestic record business was sluggish this summer . '' 
Year-earlier per-share results are n't applicable because the company went public in January . 
`` Oil of Olay brought with it the baggage of being used basically by older women who had already aged , '' says David Williams , a consultant with New England Consulting Group . 
Paribas said Monday that it intends to bid to boost its stake in Navigation Mixte to 66.7 % , from the 18.7 % it already owns . 
Unemployment , for example , has continued to decline , and the September trade figures showed increases in both imports and exports . 
`` Coal prices , while not skyrocketing , will grow modestly in real terms , we think . 
Production is slated to begin in April . 
Ashland expects that sale to be complete next year . 
Conviction on any single impeachment article was enough to remove Judge Hastings from office . 
The new goal of the Voting Rights Act -- more minorities in political office -- is laudable . 
In November 1987 , a district court judge in Detroit ruled against the UAW . 
`` What this is saying is that the surgeon general 's message is having an impact , '' said Melvyn Tockman , an epidemiologist at the Johns Hopkins School of Hygiene and Public Health in Baltimore . 
Among Pacific markets , prices closed lower in Sydney , Seoul , Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore and Wellington . 
And 81 % preferred a group practice or health maintenance organization , while just 11 % favored solo practice . 
`` He makes snap judgments , '' says Kiyotaka Kori , the art gallery 's manager and Mr. Morishita 's secretary for more than seven years . 
Nonetheless , each has too much potential value to the system to be banned by legislative fiat before the CFTC carefully considers all the consequences of a ban and what the regulatory alternatives are . 
At the same time , many of Spain 's traditional export markets in Latin America and other developing areas faced a sharp decline in economic growth . 
Then the auto paint shop fire sent an evil-looking cloud of black smoke into the air . 
D.T. also has a prodigious and flawless memory , is utterly fearless , and could n't be distracted by the sexy nude sculptures spread around the playing hall , in the New York Academy of Art . 
Dow Jones industrials 2645.08 , up 41.60 ; transportation 1205.01 , up 13.15 ; utilities 219.19 , up 2.45 . 
Securities trading was conducted in a backup facility in Concord . 
That was higher than the 7.71 % to 7.73 % average yield that traders had expected . 
There was no immediate estimate of damage from the company . 
Speculative investors , betting on an imminent clash between Ford and GM , pushed up Jaguar 's share price five pence ( eight U.S. cents ) to a near-record 720 pence ( $ 11.60 ) in late trading on London 's stock exchange yesterday . 
Egon Krenz , the man tapped yesterday to become East Germany 's new leader , faces the same task that has fallen to neighboring socialist colleagues : reforming a country in crisis . 
Shorn of all their riders , special provisions , and other bells and whistles , insurance policies can still be grouped under two broad categories : so-called pure insurance , which amasses no cash value in the policy and pays off only upon death , and permanent insurance , which provides not only a death benefit but also a cash value in the policy that can be used in various ways while the insured is still alive . 
For instance , one trader said that prices inevitably will go lower now that they 've fallen below $ 20 a barrel . 
He adds : `` Our fund has had { positive } net sales every month for the last three years -- until this month . '' 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
`` The fundamentals of supply and demand once again are setting oil prices , '' says Victor Burk , an Arthur Andersen & Co. oil expert . 
It said its real-estate operations earned a record $ 21.7 million , more than double year-earlier real estate profit of $ 9 million . 
It also has removed a ban on CIA use of a contingency fund for covert acts and has agreed to wipe away some tortured and legalistic restrictions on coup planning put in place to ensure that the CIA did n't get back in the assassination game . 
We see an even stronger argument against UNESCO than its unsurprising failure to reform . 
Trading executives privately say that huge stock-index funds , which dwarf Wall Street firms in terms of the size of their program trades , will continue to launch big programs through the stock market . 
According to terms , WCRS will pay 2.02 billion French francs ( $ 318.6 million ) for the 50 % it does n't already own of Carat Holding S.A. , one of Europe 's largest media buyers . 
The statement said a 5 % jump in the `` Peter 's Pence '' collection -- the annual offering from Catholics to the pope -- helped cover the deficit . 
Less noticed is a bit of legislative legerdemain by Houston Republicans on behalf of HEI Corp. of Texas to retroactively `` move '' a Missouri hospital from one county to the next to justify higher Medicare reimbursements . 
But stocks later recovered , erasing most of their early declines . 
In the end , is Mr. Noriega the political equivalent of Frankenstein 's monster , created by a well-intentioned but misguided foreign power ? 
USI Far East will hold a 60 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical , according to papers signed with the Philippine government 's Board of Investments . 
`` The aftershocks of Oct. 13 ( when the Dow Jones Industrial Average dropped 190 points ) are still reverberating . '' 
`` I consider this a second career , '' he said . 
A good Delicious can indeed be delicious . 
Justice should review these cases to see what other prosecutorial abuses may have occurred . 
Yesterday , Mobil said domestic exploration and production operations had a $ 16 million loss in the third quarter , while comparable foreign operations earned $ 234 million . 
An options contract gives the holder the right to buy ( call ) or sell ( put ) a specific amount of stock , or in this case the value of a stock index , based on a predetermined price within a given time period . 
The Justice Department has distributed these new guidelines for U.S. Attorneys prosecuting RICO cases . 
Jaguar assumed its recently customary place on the OTC most active list as its American depository receipts gained 1\/4 to 11 7\/8 on volume of 1.2 million shares and Daimler-Benz joined the list of companies interested in the British car maker . 
`` ` God has not yet ordained that I should have earnings , ' he tells his worried mother . '' 
They 'll go into someone else 's pasture as long as it 's greener than the one they 're in now . '' 
Sunday , Oct. 29 , 8-11 p.m. EST , on ABC : `` The Final Days . '' 
( In 1981 , before the bust , the rig count was above 4,000 . ) 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. received contracts totaling $ 244.8 million for 72 F-A-18 aircraft for the Navy and helicopter spare parts for the Army . 
Tokyu Corp. was up 150 at 2890 . 
Since then , Della Femina won Pan Am as an international client and also does work for a few packaged-goods clients , including Dow Chemical Co. 's Saran Wrap . 
But Mr. Runkel said the government is n't `` backing off on these kinds of matters at all . 
PNC Financial Corp. , the parent of Pittsburgh National Bank , reported net income climbed 9.8 % , while net for Banc One Corp. of Columbus , Ohio , grew 3.8 % . 
Revenue rose 24 % to $ 18.73 billion from $ 15.09 billion . 
`` They started , and then abandoned it . '' 
`` People are questioning corporate profits as a pillar of support for the equity market . '' 
The gain resulted from the sale of Grace Equipment Co. , the initial public offering of a one-sixth interest in Grace Energy Corp. and an adjustment in the carrying value of certain natural resource assets not part of Grace Energy . 
`` They 're trying to keep planes flying on days they 'd normally park them , '' says Roger Bard , president of Mr. Mitchell Travel Service in Burnsville , N.C . 
Just a few months ago , the three-month Eurodollar rate was around 9.5 % , while three-month Hibor hit highs above 11 % . 
`` If the economy shows no sign of turning around in about year 's time , she will be very vulnerable , '' says John Barnes , a lecturer at the London School of Economics . 
It takes five steps to make standard pencils , just one for the plastic type . 
Federal Reserve officials sent another signal of their determination to shore up investor confidence . 
Mr. Morishita scoffs at those stories , as well as the ones connecting him to the Japanese mob . 
By contrast , European firms will spend $ 150 million this year on electronic security , and are expected to spend $ 1 billion by 1992 . 
Morgan Stanley is expected to price another junk bond deal , $ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures by Continental Cablevision Inc. , next Tuesday . 
Using the the NWA takeover as a benchmark , First Boston on Sept. 14 estimated that UAL was worth $ 250 to $ 344 a share based on UAL 's results for the 12 months ending last June 30 , but only $ 235 to $ 266 based on a management estimate of results for 1989 . 
The bills will be dated Oct. 31 and will mature Dec. 21 , 
A statement issued by the office of the committee chairman , Sen. David Boren ( D. , Okla. ) , charged that the disclosure is part of a continuing effort to shift the criticism for the failure of the recent coup attempt in Panama . 
Cross & Trecker , a Bloomfield Hills , Mich. , machine-tool maker , said the net sales price of the total transaction is $ 24 million . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.20 % 45 to 67 days ; 8.325 % 68 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.875 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.75 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
( I still say do n't look down . 
The media concern said net income rose to $ 37.8 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 32 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period . 
The pilots are working under an expired contract , and the machinists contract expires next month . 
IBM , which said Motorola is paying just a nominal fee to cover the 21-month agreement , acknowledged some companies had turned down its invitation to join in . 
Other scandal survivors are sometimes the best source of solace . 
Mr. Mahfouz has been pilloried and censored for questioning Islam and advocating peace with Israel . 
A spokesman for the buy-out group was n't immediately available for comment . 
No individual illustrated this mix of power more yesterday than Sen. Daniel Inouye ( D. , Hawaii ) , who chairs the Senate defense subcommittee . 
They are useful to call public attention to grievances , but they have little value in educating anyone about the issues in dispute . 
But Home Depot Inc. , an Atlanta-based home center chain , objected when Mr. Vila started doing commercial endorsements for Rickel Home Centers , a New Jersey building supply company that competes with Home Depot in some markets . 
Now , thousands of mailers , catalogs and sales pitches go straight into the trash . 
Trade Representative Carla Hills , who along with Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter unveiled the proposal , said she is confident it will gain considerable support from the U.S. 's trading partners . 
This modification , apparently , would permit the French merchant to deliver this cocoa , if necessary , against existing short positions . 
Ryukichi Imai , Japan 's ambassador to Mexico , agrees that Mexico may be too eager . 
The Belgian consumer price index rose a provisional 0.1 % in October from the previous month and was up 3.64 % from October 1988 , the Ministry of Economic Affairs said . 
According to the Illinois attorney general 's suit , Watson & Hughey sent mailings indicating that recipients were guaranteed cash prizes , and could win up to an additional $ 1,000 on top of them , if they contributed as little as $ 7 . 
Yet too many people working in Hollywood today seem to suffer from the delusion that the drama played out in every home will be interesting to people who live somewhere else . 
Perhaps Mr. Greve was confused by Congress 's meaningless statement of `` the national goal '' in section 101 , which indeed calls for the elimination of discharges -- by 1985 , no less . 
Polly Peck 's chairman , Asil Nadir , echoed the official Japanese view of the accord , which was announced Friday . 
Turnover was 6.8 million shares , including about four million shares traded in the afternoon after the shareholders ' meeting . 
Allied-Lyons , while powerful in whiskey , does n't own any major white-spirit brands . 
He said , `` Possibly , they 're waiting to buy at the ( quarterly ) refunding '' of government debt to be held next month by the Treasury . 
Traders said hedging related to the TVA pricing also pressured Treasury bonds . 
One consequence of the trend toward tabloid standards of taste will be fierce attacks from politicians who will find sufficient evidence of abuse to arouse an already cynical public to control the press . 
General paper product sales , including newsprints and other papers , accounting for the bulk of sales , rose to 157.78 billion yen from 143.88 billion yen . 
A group including ESL Partners Ltd. , a Fort Worth , Texas , investment partnership , and Richard E. Rainwater , a former adviser to the Fort Worth Bass family , said it reduced its stake in Anacomp Inc. to 3.6 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Traders expect the issue to be priced to yield 12 % . 
He said the change in sentiment also reflected perceptions that the slate of economic statistic due this week will be `` conducive to a bond market rally . '' 
Men who have played hard all their lives are n't about to change their habits , he says . 
`` We 're on a tight budget , '' says Detroit Edison 's Carol Roskind . 
But Mr. Skinner disagreed , calling the legislation `` a retreat from the policy of deregulaton of the airline industry . '' 
Representatives of the Inuit and Cree peoples living in Quebec and Labrador in northeastern Canada told the ministry of the planned action at a meeting , a ministry spokesman said . 
They repeatedly noted that environmental progress could not be secured without true ownership , genuine competition based on market factors , and the risk of bankruptcy if a business makes the wrong decisions . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. will manage the offering . 
`` Prime Time Live , '' a new show this season featuring Sam Donaldson and Diane Sawyer , has a studio audience that applauds and that one night ( to the embarrassment of the network ) waved at the camera like the crowd on `` Let 's Make a Deal . '' 
But , assuming those problems can be overcome , they should allow for memory chips that could approach one billion bits of information -- 250 times as much as is contained in the four-megabit chips that are just reaching the market and a million times what was possible in the mid-1970s . 
At the very least , the pilots want some form of control over the airline , perhaps through super-majority voting rights . 
The last of the measurements reported was in 1985 , but recent conversations with Mr. Scotto indicated that he knew of no recent changes in the trend . 
I 've invited the president to send his suggestions to the committee . '' 
`` The pilots wo n't let them . 
Credit Suisse Finance Gibraltar Ltd . ( Swiss parent ) -- 100 billion lire of 12 5\/8 % bonds due June 30 , 1993 , priced at 101.45 to yield 12.75 % less full fees , via Banca Nazionale del Lavaro . 
The U.S. currency was also changing hands at 142.43 yen , up from 141.70 yen in New York late Thursday . 
These reports were later denied by a high Brazilian official , who said Brazil was n't involved in any coffee discussions on quotas , the analyst said . 
It also bars future suits against Robins company officials , members of the Robins family and Robins 's former insurer , Aetna Life & Casualty Co . 
Right now , the American populace is spending about 12 % of our gross national product on health care . 
Darkness fell . 
Indeed , some of the bill 's requirements , including broad representation on the exchanges ' boards of directors and strong measures to prevent conflicts of interest , already have been put in place by the Coffee , Sugar & Cocoa Exchange and other futures exchanges . 
A year ago , Wang had earnings of $ 13.1 million , or eight cents a share , in its first quarter , including a $ 3.1 million loss from discontinued operations . 
`` The only question is , how deep is it going to be ? 
Wang got into financial trouble because of bloated overhead and overly optimistic sales forecasts . 
Lynden B. Miller , the noted public garden designer who restored Central Park 's Conservatory Garden , recalls her reaction to the South Gardens model in light of the public garden she was designing for 42nd Street 's Bryant Park : `` Bryant Park , as designed in 1933 , failed as a public space , because it made people feel trapped . 
Under a less-sweeping Senate plan , the catastrophic-care monthly premium would continue , rising to $ 4.90 next year , but the surtax would be abolished . 
Canada 's Province of Nova Scotia , shelf offering of up to $ 550 million of debentures . 
All of the changes will reduce its overhead and streamline operations , Boeing said . 
There was speculation that the supply was coming from a commercial bank 's portfolios . 
As it happens , Arthur D. Little is not at all interested in throwing cold water on ozone depletion and global warming theories . 
But the total value of the prizes was only $ 5,000 and most `` winners '' will receive just 10 cents , according to the attorney general 's office . 
Traders are especially sensitive to reports of possible U.S. soybean sales because U.S. exports are lagging . 
In addition , a Norfolk affiliate , York Capital Inc. , will purchase all of the interests of Eagle 's secured lenders , which total $ 11.5 million , and guarantee as much as $ 8.2 million in payments to Eagle 's unsecured creditors . 
The process dramatically increased our average life expectancy , eliminated much pain and constantly improved health and well-being . 
Broader averages also posted modest gains . 
Some 30 balloon shows are held annually in the U.S. , including the world 's largest convocation of ersatz Phineas Foggs -- the nine-day Albuquerque International Balloon Fiesta that attracts some 800,000 enthusiasts and more than 500 balloons , some of which are fetchingly shaped to resemble Carmen Miranda , Garfield or a 12-story-high condom . 
Few analysts think it is worth their time to slog through the Polaroid trial testimony . 
However , he added , such event-driven trading moves typically last only a few hours and are often made without full information . 
Not all of the cemetery 's better-known tenants lend themselves to the promotional job at hand , however . 
Merksamer was the first in a series of retail acquisitions made by L.J. Hooker . 
Along the way , the quake toppled a mall in Santa Cruz , knocked down buildings in San Francisco 's fashionable Marina District and sent a wall of bricks crashing on motorists in the city 's Financial District . 
The owner , who begs anonymity , asserts that the dwarf , appearing as a dark shadow , has manhandled her , tossing her around the living room and yanking out a hank of hair . 
Because the biggest growth in menswear is in casual sportswear , Brooks Brothers is chasing more of that business . 
He had been vice president in that office . 
For instance , the documents could involve foreign business dealings or bank accounts . 
Banca Nazionale del Lavoro said its potential losses from lending to Iraq could reach 1.175 trillion lire ( $ 872 million ) , marking the bank 's first quantification of potential costs of unauthorized lending by its Atlanta branch . 
Prior to the introduction of financial futures in the late 1970s , most trading firms clustered around the LaSalle Street financial district here were family operations handed down from one generation to the next . 
What 's so discouraging is ... '' 
Brazilian financier Naji Nahas , who was arrested on Monday after 102 days in hiding , is likely to be interrogated next week by the Brazilian judiciary . 
The No. 1 U.S. auto maker then wrote Jaguar that it intends `` to go to that 15 % '' level once it wins the U.S. clearance to go beyond $ 15 million , a Jaguar spokesman said yesterday . 
In the past , associates learned the basics from senior lawyers who acted as mentors . 
The executives did n't disclose the size of the expected gain . 
Expansion of my living space has produced an obvious need for maintenance and construction of suitable lawns , shrubs and bushes fitting to its suburban locale . 
In Beijing , meantime , China opened an international aviation show , but the West 's embargo on military deals and uncertainty about the nation 's stability kept many foreign exhibitors away . 
GE Capital Corp. , a financial services subsidiary of General Electric Co. , is providing Merksamer management with $ 15 million in financing . 
CoreStates Financial slipped 3\/8 to 43 1\/8 in active trading after reporting that third-quarter earnings improved to $ 1.27 a share from $ 1.15 a share a year earlier . 
High-end U.S. furriers say these imports have n't squeezed them . 
Mr. Schulte , who met with Acadia representatives on Oct. 10 , said , `` It 's certainly a responsible offer . 
Without admitting any guilt , the bureau agreed to several conditions if it again contracts with an outside firm to publish its directories . 
Revenue increased 22 % to $ 2.5 billion from $ 2.1 billion . 
Belo said it increased its effective tax rate to 52 % from 47 % to account for potential liabilities related to an Internal Revenue Service investigation of its tax returns for the years 1984 through 1988 . 
And the lawyers were just as eager as the judge to wrap it up . 
`` We 've known for years and years we 've got lots of old { pre-1950s } unreinforced brick and masonry buildings . '' 
His client , Mr. Davis , used just such a letter from Citicorp in pursuing UAL ; Citicorp later agreed to work with a competing UAL buy-out group . 
Earthquake insurance costs about $ 2 to $ 4 annually for every $ 1,000 of value , and high deductibles mean it generally pays only when there is a catastrophe . 
Nora , who still has artistic aspirations , knows she is lucky to be working as a food stylist , prepping pies , burgers , frosty cold drinks and other comestibles to look as appetizing as possible in front of the camera . 
Even Carlos Manuel Castillo -- the presidential candidate for Mr. Arias 's National Liberation Party -- made public his opposition to the presence of Nicaragua `` in a democratic festivity . '' 
They are starting to buy growth stocks . 
The IL-4 receptor is one of five such receptors to be developed and tested by Receptech Corp. , a spinoff of Immunex , through a proposed $ 30 million initial public offering . 
His attorney could n't be reached for comment . 
Mr. Bebear contended that the tax cost to the exchanges under the revised structure would be about $ 8 million a year , which he described as `` peanuts . 
Company officials and union representatives did n't meet face to face , but the mediator shuttled between the two groups . 
So the White House announced that Mr. Bush got his first earthquake briefing of the day at 6:30 a.m. from chief of staff John Sununu . 
The Independent Insurance Agents of America says fewer than one of every five California homeowners has earthquake insurance . 
Puerto Rico Telephone Co. awarded its $ 3 million account to West Indies & Grey , Grey Advertising 's office in Puerto Rico . 
But experts caution that this is n't a game for anyone with a weak stomach or wallet . 
Fees 1 5\/8 . 
But while International Business Machines Corp. and Compaq Computer Corp. say the bugs will delay products , most big computer makers said the flaws do n't affect them . 
But it could also help American companies , which also are starting to try to open the market . 
But Gov. Deukmejian and others are reluctant to do anything to harm the state 's chances of sharply raising gasoline taxes on a permanent basis . 
Money-fund yields tend to lag interestrate trends as portfolio managers adjust the maturities of their investments -- short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and the like -- to capture the highest yields . 
It said that expanding nuclear-power capability is the quickest way to lessen that dependence . 
Overall , PC sales in Japan in the first half of 1989 were 34 % higher than in the year-earlier period . 
Within 10 minutes after an 11:13 a.m. trading halt in UAL , parent of United Airlines , the Dow Jones Industrial Average plunged nearly 27 points to a 60.25-point deficit . 
Brokerage houses are sweet on H&R Block , too . 
In London , prices finished at intraday peaks , comforted by a reassuring early performance on Wall Street and news that the British government will waive its `` golden share '' in auto maker Jaguar . 
A piece down , the computer resigned . 
Knowledgeable employees said the retrofitting , which had n't yet been budgeted , was part of a planned , three-stage reinforcement of the Cypress structure begun by the California transportation department several years ago . 
`` There are virtually no new projects , and that means no new business for us , '' he says . 
Remic mortgage securities was launched by a Morgan Stanley group . 
MiniScribe also has n't filed any financial statements for 1989 . 
London shares closed moderately lower in thin trading . 
But about 25 % of the insiders , according to SEC figures , file their reports late . 
Bowing to criticism , Bear Stearns , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer joined PaineWebber in suspending stock-index arbitrage trading for their own accounts . 
In an Oct. 19 review of `` The Misanthrope '' at Chicago 's Goodman Theatre ( `` Revitalized Classics Take the Stage in Windy City , '' Leisure & Arts ) , the role of Celimene , played by Kim Cattrall , was mistakenly attributed to Christina Haag . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
No schedule for formal talks was set , but meetings are expected to begin soon . 
Chip 's Memory Is Here Today , Here Tomorrow 
BLOCKBUSTER ENTERTAINMENT CORP. said it raised $ 92 million from an offering of liquid yield option notes . 
The Epilepsy Institute 's reporting of breakthrough seizures stemmed from concerns about the people we treat and care about daily . 
Although the personal computer maker said it expects revenue to meet or exceed previous projections of $ 385 million for the year ending Jan. 28 , 1990 , earnings are expected to be 25 cents to 35 cents a share , down from previous estimates of 50 cents to 60 cents . 
In Chicago , a UAL spokesman , `` by way of policy , '' declined to comment on the company 's stock or the specialists ' performance . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Last month , Mr. Morishita 's new gallery , Aska International Ltd. , purchased 6.4 % of Christies for # 33 million ( $ 53.3 million ) . 
Mr. Conn charges that Humana 's own actions undermine its argument . 
But despite the credit enhancements , despite the high ratings , some money managers still worry that a recession could wreak havoc on the underlying assets . 
If the request is approved by both the House and Senate , Mr. Cheney would need only permission from the White House Office of Management and Budget to move the money , according to Senate budget analysts . 
Now at least there are question marks about that , and without any question the pace of growth has slowed . 
Ford trucks may outsell Chevy trucks in places like `` Connecticut and Long Island , '' sniffs a commercial for Chevrolet , a division of General Motors Corp . 
Los Angeles Mayor Tom Bradley used the opportunity to push the City Council harder to pass a measure establishing a loss-recovery reserve of $ 100 million . 
At one point , almost all of the shares in the 20-stock Major Market Index , which mimics the industrial average , were sharply higher . 
They could all fairly be described as `` pap '' courses . 
Half of those surveyed said they simply walk these days for exercise . 
More shirts and sweaters will be laid out on tables , instead of sitting behind glass cases , so that customers can `` walk up and touch them , '' Mr. Roberti says . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
Mobil is cutting back its U.S. oil and gas exploration and production group by up to 15 % as part of a restructuring of the business . 
The tenor of Mr. Stevens 's remarks seemed to indicate that British Air will take a more active , high-profile role in pursuing any new bid . 
It has been a well-paid transaction , this bartering away of the prestige of the republic 's highest office . 
Advertisers will be offered an advertising package , which for a single price , will include time on the CNBC program and ad pages in the special guides . 
Bush met with South Korean President Roh , who indicated that Seoul plans to further ease trade rules to ensure that its economy becomes as open as the other industrialized nations by the mid-1990s . 
Poland 's 2.7 million small private farms cover 76 % of its arable land . 
Its shares slid in late dealings to close a penny per share lower at 197 pence . 
A few years ago , State Farm , the nation 's largest home insurer , stopped buying reinsurance because no one carrier could provide all the coverage that it needed and the company found it cheaper to self-reinsure . 
With this sort of sentiment common , it 's natural for investors to seek out `` defensive '' investments . 
Macmillan Inc. said it plans a public offering of 8.4 million shares of its Berlitz International Inc. unit at $ 19 to $ 21 a share . 
Colgate-Palmolive advanced 1 5\/8 to 63 after saying it was comfortable with analysts ' projections that third-quarter net income from continuing operations would be between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share , up from 69 cents a year ago . 
A congressional subcommitee has been investigating the potential abuse from researchers holding stock in companies exploiting their research . 
Its many lively stories include the Gutfreund-Postel holiday cheer imbroglio . 
The drug was introduced in West Germany this year . 
Christopher Cox 's Oct. 13 editorial-page article `` Toward More Crippling Lawsuits ... '' misses the point . 
The board said the export licenses would be issued on the condition that Canadian interests would also be allowed to bid for the Mackenzie delta gas on terms similar to those offered to U.S. customers . 
Mr. Smith is trying hard to allay the anger . 
And perhaps with good reason . 
So , many Californians believe they can get by without it . 
Britain 's economy `` is developing rapidly toward no-growth , '' says J. Paul Horne , international economist with Smith Barney , Harris Upham Co. in Paris . 
Mr. Hogan said `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming '' and `` Treasure Island '' cost more than $ 6 million each to make , which is only about one-third the cost of most movies made for theatrical release . 
And of course they agree that people can impose restrictions on the use of their papers , whether in their own possession or as donated or sold to libraries . 
But the costly efforts did little to slow Japanese market gains , and domestic car sales have plunged 19 % since the Big Three ended many of their programs Sept. 30 . 
For the nine months , losses totaled $ 212 million , or $ 10.83 a share , compared with net income of $ 48.7 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Housing is scarce and public services -- the court system , schools , mail service , telephone network and the highways -- are in disgraceful condition . 
This left the computer with a broader range of plausible replies -- and it immediately blundered by moving a queenside pawn , to the neglect of kingside development . 
Many investors blame program trading for wild swings in the stock market , including the 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 13 . 
He added gross margins and operating profit `` eroded quite dramatically '' from the prior quarter , along with sales of existing software product lines like Multimate and Framework . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. and the failure of banks to deliver financing for a leveraged buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. has reverberated through some of the nation 's largest law firms . 
Health Care Property Investors Inc. , offering of 2,250,000 shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Dean Witter Reynolds Inc . 
They also established an office to control government and party finances . 
In an impromptu news conference on the Capitol steps , he denounced the senators ' action . 
The government said it would streamline its enormous and often-criticized food marketing and distribution network , Compania Nacional de Subsistencias Populares , or Conasupo . 
The Macy 's issue closed up about one point at a bid price of 97 . 
Mr. Bush 's problem is n't so much that he seems to be agonizing over the issue as it is that he seems to vacillate on it . 
The tax payments will leave Unisys with $ 225 million in loss carry-forwards that will cut tax payments in future quarters . 
`` This plays right into the hands of the advertising agencies . '' 
Months after railway worker Zacharias Lewala first picked up a diamond from the sand in 1908 , the German colonialists who controlled Namibia proclaimed a wide swath of the desert -- about 200 miles north from the Orange River and 60 miles inland from the Atlantic -- a restricted area , a designation normally reserved for military operations . 
By not choosing one of these options , Israelis will condemn themselves , as the Maronites did , to perpetual war with the Muslims in their midst , and so to the internal erosion of their state . 
The Bush administration , hearing conflicting advice about what its role in HDTV should be , is n't doing much for now . 
Among the rules : 
Another ad pictures a tree ant , magnified 80 times , with the headline , `` For impact far beyond your size consider our regional editions . '' 
It is 38.5 % owned by Canadian Express , another holding company . 
Nippon Meat Packers Inc . ( Japan ) -- $ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 9 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 7\/8 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi International Europe . 
Some analysts contend the total writeoffs should have been much greater , and Bond Corp. 's auditors cited a list of several assets and deals about which there is `` uncertainty '' regarding the current value and potential impact on the firm . 
Mr. Pearce has shaken up GM 's legal staff by eliminating all titles and establishing several new functions , including a special-projects group that has made films on safety and drunk driving . 
British brewers currently own thousands of pubs , which in turn sell only the breweries ' beer and soft drinks . 
`` But I 'm recognizing there 's a good chance they 'll do a bit better than that , '' she says . 
You may be hearing more about the 38-year-old Mr. McDonough and his preoccupation with clean air . 
Immunex will have the option to buy back Receptech shares after five years . 
He added B.A.T `` has no expectation of a material impact on Farmers . 
A Modern Healthcare magazine article says 40 % of surveyed executives admitted falling asleep during formal presentations ... . 
Mr. Baker interviewed or wrote to hundreds of catfish farmers , live-haulers and processors throughout the South before coming up with detailed estimates of purchases and sales , in pounds and dollars , by Mr. Tharp and others . 
An N.V . Philips unit has created a computer system that processes video images 3,000 times faster than conventional systems . 
In late trading on London 's Stock Exchange Friday , TVS shares rose four pence to 195 pence a share . 
Tokyo stocks closed higher in moderately active but directionless trading as the recent anxiety in world stock markets continued to fade . 
That leaves $ 13 , which could be used to buy S&P 500 options that will nearly match any gain in the S&P index . 
Now 48 years old , Ms. Volokh has definite ideas about what she wants . 
Henry Pitman , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case , said about 1,000 customers were defrauded and that Barclay 's total proceeds from the sales were $ 3.4 million . 
`` Trelleborg is n't in the same league yet as mining giants such as RTZ Corp. or Anglo-American Corp. , '' says Mike Kurtanjek , a mining analyst at James Capel & Co. , London . 
But for us in Western Europe , these are Europeans next door . '' 
`` My husband was instantly impoverished by the very act of marrying me , '' she says . 
A sharp reduction in inflation was by far the brightest spot in the report on the real gross national product -- the inflation-adjusted market value of all the goods and services the economy produced . 
Where had all the money come from ? 
That spurs competition and growth , allows users to change and mix brands easily , and increases software firms ' incentive to write packages because they can be sold to users of virtually any computer . 
But regulators this week said futures-exchange officials still have a way to go before they answer all the remaining detailed questions about the contract . 
Several phone calls and a visit to his broker 's office later , the dentist found out that the $ 9,000 drop represented the current value of the premium he paid when he bought the CD , and that the amount was n't insured . 
It earned $ 3.46 billion on revenue of $ 91.21 billion in the 1988 nine months . 
Energy Service Co. -- 9.5 million common shares , via Alex . 
By contrast , he 's won kudos for his espousal of William Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which he recently recorded for Angel\/EMI along with Leonard Bernstein 's engaging `` Serenade for Violin Solo , Strings and Percussion . '' 
`` I 'm not saying they 've stopped altogether , but future deals are going to be structured differently and bids probably wo n't be as high . '' 
Labor costs are climbing at a far more rapid pace in the health care industry than in other industries . 
Mr. Trotter 's fake Haberle was offered at a bargain price of $ 25,000 with a phony story that it belonged to his wife 's late aunt in New Canaan , Conn . 
Canada was the second most pro-NATO country with 78 % supporting the alliance , followed by the U.S. with 75 % , Britain with 71 % , Belgium with 69 % and West Germany with 63 % . 
And he questions the White House dedication . 
Net income at Sears 's merchandise group , which includes international and credit card operations , as well as U.S. stores , fell 25 % . 
CBS has changed the rules by throwing out the old basis for sports bids -- that is , can the network alone make a profit on it ? 
They would conclude their efforts by producing a comprehensive net assessment for each plan -- including the assumptions made , an analysis of its deficiencies and limitations , the impact on national security , and the best strategy for working around these limitations . 
However , Mr. Moran added that the Japanese generally have a positive view of the U.S. bond market because of expectations that the dollar will remain strong and interest rates will decline . 
The warning by the U.S. attorney 's office follows two decisions by the U.S. Supreme Court last June . 
There was no appreciable market impact from the California earthquake . 
`` We believe that the court will find it unlawful , '' said a US Sprint spokesman . 
Some atmospheric scientists think that even if CFCs were released into the atmosphere at an accelerating rate , the amount of ozone depletion would be only 10 % by the middle of the next century . 
The Tax Reform Act of 1986 , which eliminated many tax shelters peddled by planners , and the stock market crash the next year did cause a sharp slump in such demand , and many planners had to make an unplanned exit from the business . 
She said a more aggressive move was n't needed . 
In the cornucopia of go-go apples , the Fuji 's track record stands out : During the past 15 years , it has gone from almost zilch to some 50 % of Japan 's market . 
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract means Central Maine Power has lost its place in line . 
Even some takeover-stock traders said they could n't quarrel with the board 's logic . 
If the two leaders cover the subjects that have been featured in lower level U.S.-Soviet meetings , their talks would include human rights , Soviet reforms , regional disputes , relations with allies , economic cooperation , arms control , and joint efforts to fight narcotics , terrorism and pollution . 
But , he adds , `` We ca n't tell where it will go at all because we 're still in the middle of it . '' 
Some analysts argued that there wo n't be a flurry of takeovers because the industry 's continuing capacity-expansion program is eating up available cash . 
Castle Harlan and Quantum said the plan is expected to be filed within 60 days with the U.S. Bankruptcy Court in Pittsburgh . 
`` Stocks have not spread to the general public , despite the fact that the environment is much different , '' concludes Robert Avery , an economist at Cornell University . 
But Conner is n't standing still . 
Before July , pro-choice voters could safely make political decisions without focusing narrowly on abortion . 
The president said that he and the Kremlin leader would meet Dec. 2-3 aboard U.S. and Soviet naval vessels in the Mediterranean to discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
Attorneys involved in the talks said that the parties were closer to accord than they were a year ago , when reports of an imminent agreement circulated . 
A company spokesman declined to estimate the impact of the closures on earnings . 
He started Arrow Roustabouts Inc. a year ago with a loan from a friend , since repaid , and now employs 15 . 
Housing starts sank 5.2 % in September to a seven-year low . 
The white group argued that whites were not fully and fairly represented , because in city-wide elections only black candidates or white candidates who catered to `` black interests '' could win . 
Although Coopers has n't been courted by other major accounting firms for a merger , it is benefiting greatly from fallout from the Deloitte-Touche merger . 
Kellwood said Gabriel Hakim Sr. , president of Crowntuft , will continue to head Crowntuft 's management group . 
Nestle Korea Ltd. opened a coffee and non-dairy-creamer plant in Chongju , South Korea . 
`` The blood flows to your head , you feel lightheaded and you do n't feel tension around the head or neck , '' says Minnie Morey , an operations supervisor at the Social Security office in Grand Rapids , Mich. , where massages began last month . 
An Applied Solar spokesman said completion is expected at the end of the year or early next year . 
The damage is already done . 
As to negotiations with creditors , Mr. Lorenzo said in remarks after the conference `` we 'll have to see how they { talks } come along . '' 
Bond mutual funds offer diversification and are easy to buy and sell . 
The fund has about $ 1 billion and is set up to handle `` precisely the kind of emergency '' the state faces , said Tom Beermann , the Governor 's deputy press secretary . 
Yesterday a spokeswoman said the company was `` pleased with our progress '' in that regard and `` hopes to provide additional details soon . '' 
That rule gives boards of directors wide latitude in deciding how to deal with dissident shareholders . 
To judge from novels that mirror the contemporary scene , we 're back in the age of anxiety . 
A new in-house magazine , Kidder World -- which will focus on the firm 's synergy strategy , says Mr. Carpenter -- confides that on weekends Mr. Newquist `` often gets value-added ideas while flying his single-engine Cessna Centurion on the way to Nantucket . '' 
Mr. Conway said the Fox shows appearing on nights when Paramount-MCA shows would n't be offered could be promoted on the programs produced by Paramount-MCA . 
British sterling eased to $ 1.5775 from $ 1.5825 . 
The company offered securities backed by automobile loans through an underwriting group headed by First Boston Corp . 
The company has long struggled to deliver a strong mainframe-class product , and made a costly decision in 1988 to halt development of an interim product meant to stem the revenue losses at the high end . 
So what 's a parent to do ? 
Property Capital , which is based in Boston , had told shareholders it expected to distribute at least $ 21 a share , or $ 229 million , in a liquidation , based on an expected asset sale price of $ 290 million or more . 
`` We 've been spending a lot of time in Los Angeles talking to TV production people , '' says Mike Parks , president of Call Interactive , which supplied technology for both ABC Sports and NBC 's consumer minutes . 
A company spokesman said it was `` possible , but highly unlikely , '' that the plant might never be built . 
Richard Secord , the retired Air Force general felled in the Iran-Contra scandal , is all but ruined -- forced to sell his Virginia home and pull his kids out of college , according to a recent fund-raising appeal sent out on his behalf . 
In the `` technical correction '' of two years ago , they lost a whopping 22.6 % . ) 
`` It was our first acquisition , '' he says , `` and it was a mistake . '' 
Last week , many Jaguar shareholders took their money and ran . 
If there 's going to be a race to the courthouse , it has n't started yet . 
This trader said that he thought the market would turn aggressively bullish from a technical standpoint if the December contract was able to exceed 75.75 cents . 
Last year , the research and development division of Weyerhaeuser Co. , the large wood-products concern , invited a masseuse to its Tacoma , Wash. , offices . 
They would not solve the problem ; they would make it worse . 
He succeeds James E. Burt III , who resigned from all three posts to pursue other interests . 
ITT also forecast a fourth-quarter blow to earnings from the California earthquake . 
Pilots , as well , routinely fly overtime to ensure that none are furloughed during seasonal lows . 
It advised the National Football League in its largely successful defense of antitrust charges by the United States Football League . 
It listed just 16 options to buy a `` pilot list '' of stocks on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Kerr-McGee said it has purchased 3,350 acres from the federal government in Clark County and plans to begin construction early next year . 
LIN Broadcasting and BellSouth sweetened their plan to merge cellular phone operations , offering LIN holders a special $ 42-a-share payout . 
Morgan , Toronto-Dominion and Provident are leading that syndicate . 
The managers said in a brief statement yesterday that Morgan will help evaluate DFC 's position and help determine alternatives . 
The major legal barrier is the principle that no one can be held liable for an `` act of God . '' 
`` There 's less likelihood of creating and completing a transaction without the unions ' cooperation and wage concessions , '' said Richard Nye , of Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover stock-trader . 
`` This late in an expansion , '' the economy tends to veer off either into damaging inflation or into a recession , Mr. Confair says . 
For example , Tenneco Inc. pays a quarterly dividend of 76 cents , which would be received before the February option expires and , thus , reduce the cost of using the technique by that amount . 
An outside spokesman for CML said the terms were changed to a minor extent but would n't disclose what those changes were . 
The group said it sold 455,410 Southmark common shares from Sept. 5 to Oct. 5 for 18.75 cents to 25 cents a share . 
The ambitious Warsaw project still awaits approval by city officials . 
In a media-linked world , scientists may earn wide praise and even Nobels for their work , but they also attract the attention of people who wish to gain control over the content , funding and goals of that work . 
It rose more than the New York Stock Exchange Composite , which improved 0.2 % . 
Young & Rubicam 's Pact 
Even if there is no restructuring , Manville seems to be attractive long-term . 
He is now designing a Broadway stage set for a show by the band Kid Creole and the Coconuts . 
Regie Nationale des Usines Renault , the French auto maker , has a concept car called the Megane . 
The complex regulation , known in the industry as Order 500 , has been hotly contested by all sides , including natural-gas producers , pipelines , local distribution companies and consumers . 
In Europe , the dollar ended lower in dull trading . 
But there were enough promoters announcing the end of history ( in this case suspension of normal laws of economic gravity ) for society to continue shielding its eyes . 
Eugene Sit , president of Sit Investment Associates in Minneapolis , says , `` When we bought it , we thought the growth rate was going to accelerate '' because of computerized tax filing and instant refunds ( the customer gets a refund immediately but pays extra to the tax preparer , which waits for Uncle Sam 's check ) . 
Futures `` do n't need defending , '' says Andrew Yemma , a spokesman for the Chicago Mercantile Exchange , which trades the S&P 500 , by far the largest stock-index futures contract . 
Mr. Ruby , 39 , said that he had `` an amicable parting '' with Capital Holding and that he has `` a number of ventures in the financial-services area '' under consideration . 
`` Institutions are herding animals , '' says Peter Anderson , who heads the pension-fund management arm of IDS Financial Services Inc . 
The plan would extend the period under which Eagle has the exclusive right to file a reorganization plan . 
For all the attention that Chicago theater has received during the past decade , not one new building has been devoted to it . 
Dennis Farney 's Oct. 13 page-one article `` River of Despair , '' about the poverty along the Mississippi , fanned childhood memories of when my parents were sharecroppers in southeastern Arkansas , only a few miles from the river . 
The company wants its business mix to more closely match that of AT&T -- a step it says will help prevent cross subsidization . 
The judge , they say , was fiercely proud of his abilities and accomplishments . 
She thought I was n't getting my practicing done . '' 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.60 yen , up from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Cray closed down $ 1.125 at $ 34.25 . 
Mr. Iverson says there are 5,000 potential customers for the software in the Washington , D.C. , area alone . 
And because of the early settlement , the three-month bills actually have a 93-day maturity , and the six-month bills have an 184-day maturity . 
`` The results were fascinating , '' he said . 
We see , smell and hear slums filled with `` the echoes of hawkers advertising their wares interspersed with abusive language , rattling coughs and the sound of people gathering spittle in their throats and spewing into the street . '' 
The Commerce Department found that U.S. exports in 1988 , net of imports , were understated by $ 20.9 billion a year and understated at the annualized rate of $ 25.4 billion in the first quarter of 1989 . 
Anheuser , the world 's largest brewer and U.S. market leader , has historically been reluctant to engage in price-cutting as a means of boosting sales volume . 
There are , of course , obvious dangers to blatant , unsubstantiated name-dropping . 
Success is expected to gain at least because of the recent folding of rival Venture , another magazine for growing companies . 
Barely visible on Hong Kong 's property scene in 1985 , by last year Japan had become the top foreign investor , spending $ 602 million . 
If that happens , Chairman Greenspan could well become an open target . 
Markets -- 
The company , which leases technology equipment , reported substantially lower net income for its fiscal first quarter , which ended Aug. 31 . 
When U.S. trading began , Treasury bonds received an additional boost from news that sales of new single-family homes fell 14 % in September . 
The exhibition by the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council underscores the growing U.S. interest in that nation 's market , though trade between the two countries is a minuscule $ 3 billion . 
The initial $ 11 million research program will conduct the most extensive testing to date of reformulated gasolines , said Joe Colucci , head of fuels and lubricants at General Motors Corp. research laboratories . 
Foreign debt falling outside the net of affected indebtedness -- which Mr. Stahl estimated at $ 12 billion -- would remain not subject to the debt arrangements . 
I am not a proponent of everything Gandhi did , but some of his law breaking was justified because India was then under occupation by a foreign power , and Indians were not able to participate fully in decisions that vitally affected them . 
Proceeds of the loan agreement , together with funds from Vitro , will permit the purchase of all shares outstanding of Anchor and the payment of all related costs and expenses . 
Instead , Congress 's idea of reform is to increase this slush fund by $ 28.4 million . 
Imports from Canada rose to 272,000 tons in August from 209,000 in July . 
She would n't say what the premium is , but it 's believed to be about 40 % above regular daytime rates . 
`` It 's hard to think someone is raping your garden , '' he says . 
Among the conditions of the offer is that Pace shareholders tender a majority of the company 's shares outstanding . 
The offer will expire at 5 p.m. EST on Nov. 6 , unless extended again . 
Stock-index arbitrage , because it sells the more `` expensive '' market and buys the `` cheaper '' one , attempts to reestablish the link between the stock and futures markets , and the adjustments are often abrupt . 
For example , the spokesman says Dentsu has been approached by banks and securities companies a number of times to invest in the troubled British marketing group Saatchi & Saatchi PLC . 
The government probably would n't give in readily to a hostile foray by Ford , however . 
The consumer brands unit was absorbed by the photographic , pharmaceutical and chemical concern last year when it acquired Sterling Drug Inc . 
The buoyant Bombay rumor mill also says that some of the money raised in the current spate of issues will be used as campaign donations before the elections . 
At the same time , steelmakers are trying to invest more to modernize technology and make themselves more competitive . 
Mr. LeGere attributed the earnings increase to growth in the company 's longhaul trucking insurance lines and the ability to keep premium rates firm . 
Details of the plan , which would go into effect in 1993 , are sketchy , but each player would apparently be paid a base salary keyed to his position and ability . 
The way Mr. Strieber tells it in his earnest prose , the intelligence officer who found the craft 's strange debris was forced by the government to call the flower-inscribed scraps parts of a weather balloon . 
Mr. Mitchell has been predicting that the president 's initiative would fail this year . 
Their visa came in relatively short order , and they moved to Los Angeles . 
Avondale was notified by Louisiana officials in 1986 that it was potentially responsible for a cleanup at an oil-recycling plant . 
`` They hope they can buy some government cost discipline , '' but this is a false hope , Mr. Schramm says . 
Duck swarms . 
Another suggestion would draw banks more directly into tracking down money launderers by developing a `` suspicious international wire transfer profile , '' which banks would use to spotlight questionable payments . 
One big problem has been the thoroughbred racehorse market . 
`` You 'll have weird dreams , too . '' 
A crowd estimated at 100,000 held a torch-lit march through Budapest as Acting President Szuros delivered a nationally televised address rejecting communist dominance . 
You must have world-class brands , a long-term perspective and deep pockets . '' 
Mr. Roberti concedes that since the $ 750 million takeover , `` sales growth has n't been dramatic . '' 
`` Radio Shack continues to be lackluster , '' said Dennis Telzrow , analyst with Eppler , Guerin & Turner in Dallas . 
It runs out frantically now and then , and is clearly pretty distressed . 
Most analysts had expected the government to report a 4 % decline . 
`` With Notes , they 're visually distinct . 
They accounted for a hefty 16 % of New York Stock Exchange volume Monday , the fourth busiest session ever . 
The deepening bloodbath for takeover-stock traders , who by then had seen UAL stock tumble 49 % since Oct. 12 , also triggered a marketwide sell-off that sent the Dow Jones Industrial Average down more than 80 points at 10:40 a.m . 
A spokesman for CS First Boston said : `` We remain committed to a full range of businesses , including merchant banking . 
Suzuki Motor Co. 's Escudome sport vehicle features a pop-out rear tent and invites drivers to go `` back to the nature . '' 
But in Baltimore , Dr. Vogelstein , a young molecular biologist at Johns Hopkins Medical School , believed Dr. Knudson was right , and set out to repeat the Cavenee experiment in cells from other cancers . 
Construction of the 265,000-square-foot facility will begin next year , with production expected to start in late 1991 . 
The value of the transaction was n't disclosed . 
That would would make it appealing to a network such as Interpublic that already has a healthy New York presence . 
In the third quarter last year , Dell had net income of $ 5 million , or 26 cents a share , on sales of $ 75.2 million . 
Kemper officials declined to identify the firms but acknowledged a long-simmering dispute with four securities firms and said the list of brokers it wo n't do business with may be lengthened in the months ahead . 
The latest 10-year notes ended at about 100 16\/32 to yield 7.90 % , compared with 100 11\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Friday . 
The president also hinted he might veto this year 's intelligence authorization bill if it is too restrictive . 
The new edition lists the top 10 metropolitan areas as Anaheim-Santa Ana , Calif. ; Boston ; Louisville , Ky. ; Nassau-Suffolk , N.Y. ; New York ; Pittsburgh ; San Diego ; San Francisco ; Seattle ; and Washington . 
Three years ago , the exchange took up residence in a space-age tower of steel and glass -- evocative of the kind of modern architecture that Britain 's Prince Charles has denounced . 
`` Back in 1987-88 , business was operating at fairly tight capacity , so businesses felt they could raise prices . '' 
McDonnell Douglas Corp. got a $ 12.5 million Air Force contract for support work on the National Aerospace plane . 
The plans have come under fire from Soviet environmentalists , and officials say many are likely to be scaled back or dropped . 
`` I would be very leery of anything that says if you drink more , you get more . '' 
And because British Air is issuing convertible bonds rather than ordinary shares , the share price wo n't be directly hurt by any surplus left with underwriters after they try to sell the issue in the open market . 
Mr. Paul denies phoning and gloating . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
There are better ways to promote a cause . 
`` We worry about her out there , '' Cynthia says . 
Mr. Beale commented that the mark remains well bid against other currencies as well . 
Some other fare promotions have backfired . 
Inco paid Morgan an advisory fee of about $ 250,000 , a paltry figure by today 's measures . 
The defection of Deloitte 's affiliates in Britain and the Netherlands to Coopers & Lybrand will make Coopers one of the biggest accounting firms in Europe , rivaling KPMG Peat Marwick there . 
CalMat said the sale is part of its previously announced plan to sell much of its real estate holdings to focus on its core business of mining and producing asphalt , concrete , rock and sand . 
Under the committee bill , the Transportation secretary would have 30 days , and an additional 20 days if needed , to review any proposed purchase of 15 % or more of a major U.S. airline 's voting stock . 
Recently , analysts have said Sun also is vulnerable to competition from International Business Machines Corp. , which plans to introduce a group of workstations early next year , and Next Inc . 
The Qintex group 's problems began in earnest in March , when Mr. Skase agreed to buy MGM\/UA Communications Co . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Conversely , strong consumer spending in the U.S. two years ago helped propel the local economy at more than twice its current rate . 
Federal child care ( quack ) . 
`` So they were surprised and very disappointed by prepayment . '' 
Even while they move outside their traditional tony circle , racehorse owners still try to capitalize on the elan of the sport . 
Mr. Roman 's departure is n't expected to have any enormous repercussions at Ogilvy . 
But it 's just one of those things that happened . 
`` Who would bid against Paribas ? '' 
However , the quarter results included $ 28 million in royalty income from patent licenses , up from $ 21 million in the year-earlier period . 
Mr. Byrne says Fireman 's Fund will probably pay hundreds of millions in primary claims , but , after taxes and use of its reinsurance lines , the company 's fourthquarter charge against earnings should n't top $ 50 million . 
The rise matches that of the Dow Jones industrials this year . 
The market for export financing was liberalized in the mid-1980s , however , forcing the bank to face competition . 
At Saks Fifth Avenue , Paul Leblang , senior vice president , marketing , agreed that lower prices will help his management team in their proposed LBO . 
Sandoz AG , a major Swiss chemical and pharmaceutical group , said that its group sales rose 25 % to 9.482 billion francs ( $ 5.80 billion ) in the first nine months of this year , with strong gains in all divisions . 
Until now , BNL 's top managers and its directors have been appointed by a Treasury decree . 
She made money , but spent more . 
Unlike most economic indicators , none of these figures are adjusted for seasonal variations . 
The new two-year notes were priced with an average yield of 7.74 % . 
New Jersey Wastewater Treatment Trust -- $ 75,075,000 of various bonds , including $ 40.86 million Wastewater Treatment insured bonds , Series 1989A , and $ 34,215,000 Wastewater Treatment bonds , Series 1989B , via competitive bid . 
Thieves stole a 12th century fresco from an abandoned church in Camerino , Italy , by removing the entire wall on which the work had been painted , police said ... . 
Its calculations for meeting cash charges ignore $ 52 million a year in interest on cash-deferred , or zero-coupon debentures -- which ultimately would have had to be paid . 
However , unacceptable though those occurrences may have been , they still provide no excuse for wholesale departures from truth . 
Wisconsin Toy Co. said it definitively agreed to acquire closely held Everything 's a Dollar Inc. of Virginia Beach , Va. , for stock currently valued at about $ 4.7 million . 
Production of cars rose to 801,835 units in September , a 5.5 % increase from a year earlier . 
Until last week , Mr. Dinkins was considered a shoo-in . 
Rochester Telephone said the acquisition was made in an exchange of its common shares for all the shares of Urban Telephone , but a price was n't disclosed . 
According to reports from Finland , Waertsilae Marine , 19%-owned by conglomerate Oy Waertsilae , filed for bankruptcy yesterday after the shipyard 's contractors had started to demand bank guarantees . 
He liked the well-lighted lobby display of Honda 's cars and trucks so much that he had Nissan 's gloomy lobby exhibit refurbished . 
Boeing Co. said Trans European Airways ordered a dozen 737 jetliners valued at a total of about $ 450 million . 
Hess 's earnings were up despite a $ 30 million charge to cover the cost of maintaining operations after Hurricane Hugo heavily damaged the company 's refinery at St. Croix . 
MONEY MARKET FUNDS : 
That 's easy for him to say : CBS 's four-year NBA pact , now at $ 176 million for four years , could double in price by the time his talks with Mr. Pilson are completed later this month . 
Demand for the new version was enabling Lotus to raise prices with distributors and to hold market share against Microsoft and other competitors that tried to exploit the earlier delays in Release 3 's launch , Mr. Sherlund added . 
Canada , at times , could be an awkward OAS partner for the U.S. if its United Nations voting record is an indication . 
In the 1970s , Mr. Brody helped develop the first display panels based on active-matrix liquid crystals at Westinghouse Electric Corp. 's research labs in Pittsburgh . 
He said he monitors the money-supply figures , but does n't give them paramount importance , as some private and government economists have suggested . 
He comes from the same political line as Wright Patman , a bank-baiting Texas populist who chaired the Banking Committee until 1974 . 
Consequently , Michael Darby , undersecretary for economic affairs at the Commerce Department , said inflation probably will edge up from the third-quarter rate in the final three months of 1989 . 
Ms. Heller , 38 , had headed up Boston agency Heller\/Breene , a unit of WCRS . 
Soon , only large corporations will be able to afford to buy and run football teams , predicts John J. Veatch Jr. , an investment banker with Salomon Brothers who handled the Cowboys sale . 
White House Budget Director Richard Darman has said he would continue to press to keep the capital-gains provision in the final version of the bill unless the House drops many of its costly provisions . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes facsimiles of bank documents for foreign-exchange remittances and letters between Bofors and certain private companies related to the sale of the guns to India . 
`` I ca n't really see it dropping far below 1.80 marks . '' 
No notification was ever considered , officials said , apparently because the U.S. did n't think the coup plotters intended to kill Mr. Noriega , but merely sought to imprison him . 
A committee representing the unsecured creditors agreed to accept 24 cents on the dollar , Eagle said . 
`` Competition from third parties who have cash and are prepared to buy has always existed and will continue , '' added Mr. Rosenthal . 
About 5,500 hourly workers will be laid off for a week beginning Oct. 23 , and overtime has been eliminated at the plant for the fourth quarter , a Chrysler spokesman said . 
Merieux officials are expected to meet with federal officials in Ottawa today to discuss the decision . 
Kellogg , which has n't been as successful in capitalizing on the public 's health-oriented desire for oat bran as rival General Mills Inc. , has been losing share in the $ 6 billion ready-to-eat cereal market . 
The FTC said it would seek to enjoin the proposed acquisition in a federal trial court , but declined to specify which one . 
`` But once Perlman started playing , I did n't give a damn about basketball ... . 
Nobody smiled onstage , and nobody in the audience was encouraged to laugh . 
`` Now you go to districts , you 're likely to get candidates whose views are more extreme , white and black , on racial issues . '' 
The entry fee is affordable : Issues typically are sold in minimum denominations of $ 1,000 . 
Ocean Drilling said it wo n't hold any shares of the new company after the restructuring . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
There is simply no way to engineer a succession covertly , as is sometimes possible elsewhere on the continent . 
He succeeds Harry A. Durney , 65 , who is retiring from active duty but remains a director and consultant . 
`` Under Mr. Ngoc , Van Nghe protected the people instead of the government , '' says Nguyen Duy , a poet who is the paper 's bureau chief for southern Vietnam . 
Nonetheless , speculation heated up yesterday when Tokyu Department Store Co. confirmed a report in Nihon Keizai Shimbun , Japan 's leading business daily , that Tokyu is talking with Campeau about buying Bloomingdale 's . 
Looking ahead to commodity markets this week : 
The principles would give the Environmental Protection Agency increased authority and flexibility in regulating pesticides , with the aim of enabling the agency to move more quickly . 
She has n't played any music since the earthquake hit , out of respect for those who died on Interstate 880 where the roadway collapsed . 
The FERC is a five-member commission that regulates billions of dollars of interstate wholesale energy transactions . 
George Bush is quite clear : No new ducks . 
Revenue climbed 4.3 % to $ 14.31 billion from $ 13.71 billion . 
Some Democrats thought they might have compromised too much . 
Their $ 700 million-plus in estimated paper losses easily tops the $ 400 million in paper losses the takeover traders , known as arbitragers , suffered in 1982 when Gulf Oil Co. dropped a $ 4.8 billion offer for Cities Service Co . 
Ms. Garratt was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in March . 
Under the current circumstances , he says , their scenario no longer seems unrealistic . 
`` The SEC has historically paid obeisance to the ideal of a level playing field , '' wrote Clyde S. McGregor of Winnetka , Ill. , in one of the 92 letters the agency has received since the changes were proposed Aug. 17 . 
The state will vigorously defend against any counterclaim . '' 
That meeting sent shivers through the Western alliance because Mr. Reagan was pulled into discussing the possible elimination of nuclear weapons without consulting American allies . 
Ground batteries , targeting an odd assortment of aircraft traveling at highly unusual speeds , opened up a furious fusillade . 
In real life , jurors may not always work that way , but some court observers question why they should n't be encouraged to do so rather than be programmed not to . 
Cantor provides price quotes to Telerate Systems Inc. , a widely used electronic system . 
Many factors besides a dread of 1997 will have a bearing on Hong Kong 's economy . 
When Keizaikai launched Business Tokyo in 1987 , it appealed to a more multinational audience . 
The National Restaurant Association says quick-service restaurant units in the U.S. rose 14 % to 131,146 between 1983 and 1987 , the last year for which figures are available . 
The U.S. Attorney 's office filed a criminal complaint against six bank employees charging them with conspiracy in the scheme , which apparently was capable of handling millions of dollars a week by funneling cash through fictitious bank accounts . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Canonie said it anticipates naming Mr. Donovan to succeed Richard F. Brissette , 55 , as president and chief executive officer , effective March 1 . 
That prompted Kerr-McGee to consider moving the potentially volatile storage facilities and cross-blending operations away from town . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
However , competitors say that Kidder 's hiring binge involving executive-level staffers , some with multiple-year contract guarantees , could backfire unless there are results . 
Chivas Class is n't the first such promotion . 
National Intergroup in the year-ago third quarter earned $ 22.5 million , or 97 cents a share , including a gain of $ 18 million from the sale of a steel tube company . 
Amoco Corp. said third-quarter net income plunged 39 % to $ 336 million , or 65 cents a share , as gasoline refining and marketing profits lagged substantially behind last year 's record level . 
American Enterprise Institute scholar Norman Ornstein in the Oct. 21 TV Guide on `` What TV News Does n't Report About Congress -- and Should '' : 
But there was no way to prove Dr. Knudson 's `` two-hit '' theory . 
In the year-ago period , Goodyear had net of $ 63.5 million , or $ 1.11 a share . 
Our October 12 editorial should have been more precise . 
`` We see it becoming a bargain-basement kind of business . '' 
New Environmentalism probably started in 1962 with the publication of Rachel Carson 's book `` Silent Spring . '' 
Now it 's dawning on them that they can be non-wealthy . '' 
First Interstate Bancorp of Los Angeles said Friday it expects a $ 16 million quarterly loss , citing property-loan losses at its Arizona unit . 
The number of people registered as jobless at the end of October declined by 900 from September to 78,600 . 
`` But clearly we 're entering a difficult period . '' 
Altogether , employment is expected to decline to less than 16,000 from the current level of about 18,000 . 
We do not depend on pharmaceutical companies for our support . 
The 300 and 400 series aircraft will be powered by engines jointly produced by General Electric Co. and Snecma of France . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 377.80 an ounce , down 70 cents . 
The result , `` Poodle Springs '' ( Putnam 's , 288 pages , $ 18.95 ) is an entertaining , easy to read and fairly graceful extension of the Marlowe chronicle , full of hard-boiled wisecracks and California color . 
The British shakeup was widely cited for the declines . 
The dollar gained . 
The division had only minor damage at its Sunnyvale headquarters and plant in Palo Altos , and no delays in deliveries are expected . 
In addition to turning down the compromise , Judge Harold C. Abramson said he would allow a claim of only $ 19.7 million . 
Mr. Mingo was chief executive officer of the Mingo Group , which he founded in 1977 and which created ads for the black market . 
Alarmed , state and federal authorities are trying to devise ways to certify and regulate planners . 
`` The biotechnology firms may be setting up their own competitors , '' said Richard Godown , president of the Industrial Biotechnology Association . 
REPORTS OF PAYMENTS to independent contractors for services must be filed by businesses , but do n't bet that contractors ' unreported income will be detected that way . 
Many of us are suckers . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera says the union 's sacrifices will be offset by a wage and benefit package that amounts to a 22 % increase in compensation . 
Givaudan Far East Ltd. , a Swiss concern that sells chemicals to shampoo and soap factories in China , typifies the problems . 
The ANC vows to keep up pressure on the government . 
Row 21 of Section 9 of the Upper Reserved at Candlestick Park is a lofty perch , only a few steps from the very top of the stands . 
`` I happen to think it was right , '' Mr. Bush said flatly . 
Trading in Taipei was suspended for a national holiday . 
After she heard about the artery-clogging hazards of tropical oils in many cookies , she dropped Pepperidge Farm and started buying brands free of such oils . 
General Dynamics Corp. was given an $ 843 million Air Force contract for F-16 aircraft and related equipment . 
The league organizers seem more a fit with a convention next door of young aerobics instructors in leotards than the beefy union leaders ; `` I wish I could go work out , '' says a slim activist . 
She said Wheeler Group was profitable but would n't give figures . 
In early trading in Tokyo Wednesday , the Nikkei index rose 17.92 points to 35544.47 . 
Several executives said another potential contender is WPP Group 's Ogilvy & Mather agency , which works on some other Philip Morris products . 
Dr. Blumenfeld concedes he did n't fully understand what he was buying . 
Cuba was elected to the U.N. Security Council for the first time since its Castro-led revolution 30 years ago . 
Dealers said the multinational oil company was pressured by recent brokerage recommendations urging investors to switch into Shell Trading & Transport . 
Died : Alfred Hayes , 79 , former president of the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , Saturday , in New Canaan , Conn . 
For the first six months , wholesale sales rose 12.3 % from the year before , reflecting to a 11.5 % jump in domestic sales and a 14.6 % boost in foreign sales . 
The bond issue is TVA 's first public offering since the Financing Bank was created in 1974 , primarily to finance the TVA . 
After being trampled in Tuesday 's selling stampede , the Nasdaq over-the-counter market dusted itself off and moved on in moderate trading . 
Thus far , almost all of the basic technology relating to high-definition television has come from U.S. laboratories . 
The main reason : salmonella . 
The company would n't disclose the buyer of the initial 16 % stake . 
Mr. Ritterman said that in the next six months he will take $ 50 million from the Soap Opera Digest sale to acquire new magazines . 
`` Rates have n't really peeled off that much , '' Mr. Regalia said . 
Since the budget measures cash flow , a new $ 1 direct loan is treated as a $ 1 expenditure , even though at least part of the loan will be paid back . 
Mr. Taylor , a 36-year-old state senator from Bay St. Louis , won 65 % of the vote in a district that has voted Republican in the past five presidential elections and that was once represented by Republican U.S. Sen. Trent Lott . 
Your Oct. 2 page-one article on people riding so-called `` railbikes '' on railroad tracks was a disservice to your readers . 
After a flat second quarter tied largely to lower newsprint earnings , Kimberly-Clark attributed the gain to improved results in its consumer businesses in North America , Brazil and Korea . 
The new understanding did n't just spring to life in a spontaneous eruption of sweetness and light . 
But she has no problem with that , she says : `` In the meanwhile , they 're helping us . '' 
`` Here in south Texas we say Tie-vole-ee , '' my host gently corrects . 
This is written to correct a misquotation in your Oct. 3 article `` Deaths From Advanced Colon Cancer Can Be Reduced by Using Two Drugs . '' 
`` It 's known they need the sugar , and the expectation that they will come in is apparently giving the market its principal support , '' the dealer said . 
Two of Mr. Holmes 's business associates who worked for Venture Capitalists , Kimberly Ann Smith and Frederick Byrum , also consented to being enjoined from violations of registration provisions of the securities laws . 
Tomorrow 's `` On Sports '' column will look at another aspect of the college sports mess . 
Rochester Community Savings Bank -- 
From January through September , the distance flown by Lufthansa airplanes rose 5.6 % to 266.2 million kilometers from a year earlier , the company added . 
Where they lag behind the Japanese is in turning the scientific inventiveness into improved production . 
British and Argentine diplomats opened talks in Madrid aimed at restoring ties severed because of their 1982 war over the Falkland Islands . 
`` More rooms are n't the answer for us , '' says Caesars World chairman Henry Gluck . 
They all are strongly opposed to a petition from several Japanese TV manufacturers , including Matsushita , Hitachi , and Toshiba , to exempt portable color TVs with liquid-crystal displays from anti-dumping duties that the U.S. imposes on the larger Japanese color TVs . 
Instead , they figure the culprit probably took money from Ms. Shere 's wallet and discarded all the tips in the five-by-eight-inch looseleaf . 
For the nine months , TRW 's net was $ 199 million , or $ 3.22 a share , down 3 % from $ 205 million , or $ 3.33 a share , a year earlier . 
Shares of biotechnology companies in the area were also higher . 
Although the current management team may be outstanding , who will be the CEO in 10 years ? 
A reading of less than 50 % indicates an economy that is generally contracting while a reading above 50 % indicates an economy that 's expanding . 
If a new person got to work on part of the speedometer , that was a big deal . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Xerox closed at $ 62.75 a share , up $ 1 . 
Kurt Sanger , ABC Sports 's marketing director , says that now `` tens of thousands '' of fans call its 900 number each week to vote for the best punt return , quarterback sack , etc . 
Ryder System Inc. posted a third-quarter net loss of $ 27.6 million , because of an expected $ 57 million after-tax charge and continued weakness in the company 's truck-rental business . 
The Fed 's move , however , only proved a stopgap to the pound 's slide and the Fed intervened for a second time at around $ 1.5825 , according to New York traders . 
The announcement coincides with the start of the Commonwealth Ministers Conference in Kuala Lumpur , where proposals for renewed sanctions against South Africa , including moves to block settling of a new debt agreement , were scheduled to be discussed . 
For the first six months , the trust and corporation had a net loss of $ 244,000 . 
But Judge Arthur Alarcon , joined by Judge Cynthia Holcomb Hall , took the astonishing position that it is perfectly OK to fabricate quotations so long as a judge finds that the fabrications do not alter substantive content or are rational interpretations of ambiguous remarks . 
Pacific Telesis said new telephone lines increased 4.5 % for a total of about $ 13.5 million for the quarter ; toll calls increased 9.6 % to 807 million and minutes of telephone usage increased to 9.9 billion . 
Rorer in July had projected lower third-quarter operating profit but higher profit for all of 1989 . 
This city does n't work that way . '' 
Visiting Nicaragua , he praised the Sandinistas for their electoral system and chided the Bush administration for not rewarding the Sandinistas . 
Conservative appearances make people think it 's a conservative investment . 
However , since these centers appear to pay for themselves , there is nothing to prevent state and local governments from enacting legislation with similar provisions . 
`` The absurdity of the official rate should seem obvious to everyone , '' the afternoon newspaper Izvestia wrote in a brief commentary on the devaluation . 
Mr. Terrizzi wo n't say specifically , explaining that if there was such a move , it would take about three days to complete the loose ends of the transaction . 
While the Warren County congressman pursued an anti-government , anti-tax agenda in Washington , Gov. Kean was approving increased income and sales taxes at home and overseeing a near doubling in the size of New Jersey 's budget in his eight years in office . 
Once the consolidation is complete , Bethlehem plans to concentrate its forgings business on nuclear fabrication , hardened steel and large-diameter steel rolls for rolling mills and selected custom-die applications . 
The association said domestic demand grew 8.8 % in September . 
He says Digital will target faster-growing market segments such as on-line transaction processing , which includes retail-sales tracking , airline reservations and bank-teller networks . 
Quebecor will own 57.5 % of the new subsidiary . 
At Grumman 's Aircraft Systems Division , a cross-functional team reduced the cycle time required to produce a new business proposal for an important government contract . 
Certificates of deposit do n't pay 23 % a year , for example , but that did n't give pause to clients of one Alabama planner . 
By adding the negative wedge and recalculating the remaining program using a more probable inflation estimate , we arrive at a baseline program costing $ 1.7 trillion between 1990 and 1994 . 
That would be comforting to fixed-income investors , many of whom were badly burned in the third quarter by incorrectly assuming that the Fed would ease . 
He says it accounts for 25 % of total sales . 
The approval satisfies the remaining conditions of the purchase , which is expected to close within two weeks . 
UAL Corp. 's difficulty in obtaining bank financing for its leveraged buy-out and its resulting price plunge is a tip-off to what 's going to happen to `` takeover stocks , '' says Mr. Canelo . 
State housing prices , at a median $ 201,028 , have declined in recent months because of potential buyers ' inability to afford homes . 
The gathering is expected to focus on curbing the fouling of rivers and lakes , limiting damage from industrial accidents and improving the handling of harmful chemicals . 
First Iberian Fund led the percentage increases , rising to 73,100 shares from 184 . 
Jay Stevens of Dean Witter actually cut his per-share earnings estimate to $ 9 from $ 9.50 for 1989 and to $ 9.50 from $ 10.35 in 1990 because he decided sales would be even weaker than he had expected . 
No human can examine millions of moves , but Mr. Kasparov , using his ineffably powerful brain , consistently found very good ones . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Since 1981 , Indian military advisers have been assisting the Kabul regime . 
The young president so admires Japanese discipline that he sends his children to a Japanese school in Mexico City . 
Miss Gabor recanted her earlier-expressed fear of jailhouse lesbians . 
`` I demand the utmost severity in the fight against drug traffickers , '' President Mitterrand said after the meeting in Valladolid , Spain . 
The industrial average recovered to close only 3.69 points lower , but petroleum futures never shook off the chill . 
While other mines might yield more carats , a higher percentage of them go to industrial use . 
So far , all the studies have concluded that RU-486 is `` safe . '' 
BEWARE OF HEAVY DEBT . 
A source close to Carl Icahn , a corporate raider who owns Trans World Airlines Inc. , said he has n't owned any UAL stock and is n't buying . 
Most foreign government bonds markets were quiet . 
Oregon 's Mr. Hyman has investigated claims of flying cats , apparitions and bouncing chandeliers and has come up with a plausible explanation , he says , for every one . 
Overseas , both franchisees and the company performed substantially better than a year ago . 
`` That 's not possible . '' 
Control Data has been seeking a buyer for the facility since it folded its ETA Systems Inc. supercomputer unit this past April . 
For the third quarter , Sears said its total revenue rose 4.8 % to $ 13.18 billion from $ 12.57 billion a year earlier . 
`` I think Bush 's going there is a helpful sign , '' said Sen. Terry Sanford ( D. , N.C . ) a member of the Foreign Relations Committee who pushed to provide Costa Rica about the same amount of aid as it received last year . 
Separately , Century Bank , Phoenix , Ariz. , was closed by Arizona banking officials . 
Volume continued to ease from the active dealings at the start of the week . 
In major market activity : 
But that ghost would n't settle for words , he wanted money and people -- lots . 
For each $ 1,000 face amount of debentures , holders received $ 250 of Series B 11 % senior secured convertible notes due Oct. 15 , 1998 , and 200 common shares . 
On many issues -- flag-burning , for instance -- his keen political sensitivities overcome such conflicts . 
Much of Washington thought it detected George Bush in a characteristic waffle on abortion the past week . 
`` If the { Tennessee Valley Authority } sale is any guide , there appears to be good demand for top-quality , long-term paper from both domestic and overseas accounts , '' he said . 
The move is likely to anger traders . 
Treasury Securities 
The Tennessee Valley Authority issued $ 4 billion in bonds in the federal utility 's first public debt offering in 15 years . 
His pledge to clean up local administration and Indian politics , including his own party , went unfulfilled . 
`` I would be the first to admit that there is not a complete consensus in the scientific community on either one of these problems , '' says Mr. Teagan . 
The rub , he says , is that `` the junk market is n't as deep '' as before . 
Excluding those businesses , earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation for 1988 would have been $ 728.5 million . 
As the stock market bounced back , withdrawals of money from stock funds amounted to a mere trickle compared with Black Monday , when investors dumped $ 2.3 billion , or about 2 % of stock-fund assets . 
Lloyd 's says the departures of names is n't likely to hurt its underwriting capacity , currently about # 11 billion . 
American Medical International N.V. : Guaranteed Euroissues to Ba3 from Baa2 . 
`` The ventilation here is great ! '' 
Not long ago , scientists holding stock in Spectra Pharmaceutical Services Inc. were accused of falsifying research to boost the stock . 
They pegged the support largely to anticipation that Britain 's current account imbalance ca n't be much worse than the near record deficits seen in July and August . 
There is no recovery period -- it 's go , go , go . 
`` I was near the top of the stadium , and saw a steel girder bow six feet from where I sat , but I stayed put for 10 or 15 minutes , '' confessed a friend . 
The new pricing strategy `` is working , '' the spokesman asserted . 
Its roots are patriotic -- with the first trees appearing in 1872 in an orchard near Peru , Iowa , to be exact . 
Today , Aer Rianta is making a heap of money from its Soviet friendship . 
Mr. Pilson gave him one : He bid $ 243 million for rights to the 1992 Winter Games in Albertville , France ; ABC and NBC would n't bid even $ 200 million . 
In addition to giving a president powers to rewrite spending bills meant to be written in Congress , Rep. Edwards argues , a line-item veto would allow the chief executive to blackmail lawmakers . 
On the mound , former Red Sox great Luis Tiant , the wily master of 1,001 moves , throws an off-speed strike . 
`` In these circumstances , I think they 'd win . '' 
Polls are no substitute for principle , but they 'll do for some politicians . 
If you are doubtful , consider for a moment that the Pomton Lakes Reservoirs in northern New Jersey , which supply the tristate area with drinking water , are riddled with toxic PCBs . 
It was not an unpleasant evening , certainly , thanks to the high level of performance , the compositional talents of Mr. Douglas , and the obvious sincerity with which Mr. Stoltzman chooses his selections . 
Amgen advanced 1 1\/2 to 56 ; Chiron jumped 2 to 29 3\/4 ; Cetus gained 1 to 16 7\/8 and Biogen rose 5\/8 to 14 5\/8 . 
Like the game of professional football , the NFL organization itself is in turmoil . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev has pressed hard for a change in East Germany 's rigid stance . 
It is also taking over the maintenance of certain Navy aircraft with 40 % fewer people than the military used . 
The prospectus notes `` there can be no assurance '' that future growth will continue at past levels . 
Yesterday 's edition incorrectly reported Monday 's trading volume as a record for the S&P 500 contract . 
The cuts will be made half within Germany and half abroad . 
On some days , the Nucor plant does n't produce anything . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered its rating on about $ 400 million of this bank holding company 's senior debt to B2 from Ba3 . 
Many women may even see the dead embryo they have expelled , a sight the surgical-abortion industry typically spares them . 
Such disclosures of big holdings often are used by raiders to try to scare a company 's managers , and to stir interest in the stock . 
USX Corp. said it delayed the proposed initial public offering of common stock of RMI Titanium Co. because of market conditions . 
Disappointing earnings news from some technology companies unnerved investors in the over-the-counter market , who sold shares of Apple Computer , Intel and many other computer-related concerns . 
`` Before , they were interested in hard assets and they saw magazines as soft . 
In an unusually candid article about the latest economic woe -- unemployment -- Pravda yesterday reported that three million Soviets have lost their jobs as a result of perestroika and the number could grow to 16 million by the year 2005 . 
What is pertinent is the calmness of that beauty , its sense of restraint . 
It also recommends that employees be aware of everyday office items that could be used for emergency care or shelter . 
With three minutes left on the clock , Mr. Aikman takes the snap , steps back and fires a 21-yard pass -- straight into the hands of an Atlanta defensive back . 
The economic life of the region is expected to revive in a day or two , although some transportation problems may last weeks or months . 
The tattered black binder , bulging with 18 years ' worth of recipes held together by rubber bands , was in chef Lindsey Shere 's purse when it was stolen from her house recently . 
Ghost towns dot the Namib dunes , proving diamonds are n't forever . 
He added : `` Inflation is lower than I think people expected it to be , and I think that 's good news . '' 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.45 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 74 days ; 8.30 % 75 to 99 days ; 7.75 % 100 to 179 days ; 7.50 % 180 to 270 days . 
The merchant bank also announced that finance director David Eward is taking early retirement for personal reasons . 
Mr. Glazer expects Xerox to experience tough sledding , though , in financial services because of rate pressures and uncertainty surrounding tax treatment of capital gains . 
A run-up in world oil prices last winter sent consumer prices soaring at a 6.7 % annual rate in the first five months of this year , but the subsequent decline in energy prices has pulled the annual rate back down to 4.4 % . 
GE executives were accused by U.S. prosecutors of providing `` misleading and false '' data to the Pentagon in 1985 to cover up `` longstanding fraudulent '' billing practices . 
They noted , however , that a 26-point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average gave the dollar a sharp nudge downward late in the day . 
One has to establish one 's own identity away from athletics and make athletics only a part , not a whole , of the student-athlete 's life '' . 
But the proposals also display political savvy , couching some of the most controversial ideas in cautious language so as not to alienate powerful conservatives in the government who stand to lose out if they are implemented . 
European Investment Bank ( agency ) -- 200 billion lire of 12 % bonds due Nov. 16 , 1995 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 12 % less full fees , via lead manager Banco Commercial Italiana . 
IBM has a near-monopoly on mainframes , with an estimated 70 % share of the market . 
Mobil Corp. is preparing to slash the size of its work force in the U.S. , possibly as soon as next month , say individuals familiar with the company 's strategy . 
Thus , higher bidding narrows the investor 's return while lower bidding widens it . 
But these days , large firms hire as many as 30 new associates a year , and it 's impossible to personally train everyone , says Joel Henning of Hildebrandt Inc. , a consulting firm that runs training classes . 
Coors , with its large beer-distribution network , could penetrate more markets . 
The Justice Department 's view is shared by other lawyers and at least one member of the court , Judge H. Robert Mayer , a former civil litigator who served at the claims court trial level before he was appointed to the Federal Circuit two years ago . 
Better to look in the corners for performances that inspire or amuse . 
Coca-Cola climbed 1 3\/8 to 72 1\/8 ; McDonald 's added 1 to 31 3\/8 , and Procter & Gamble gained 3\/4 to 130 5\/8 . 
That includes his companion of 15 years , Johanna Lawrenson , as well as his former wife , Anita . 
Take Your Vacation In a Hurricane Area 
`` It 's going to set things back for a period , because it reinforces the concern of volatility , '' says Jeffrey B. Lane , president of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Re-creating events has , in general , upset news traditionalists , including former CBS News President Richard S. Salant and former NBC News President Reuven Frank , former CBS News anchorman Walter Cronkite and the new dean of the Columbia University Graduate School of Journalism , Joan Konner . 
Currently , the rules force executives , directors and other corporate insiders to report purchases and sales of their companies ' shares within about a month after the transaction . 
Reserves traded among commercial banks for overnight use in amounts of $ 1 million or more . 
Lake View had an operating deficit last year and has a poor reputation as an out-of-repair and crime-infested cemetery . 
Sometime in 1991 , as soon as the 1990 census becomes available , a redistricting panel will redraw the City Council district lines . 
Philadelphia-based Bell Atlantic said net rose 6.5 % , aided by strong growth in the network-services business and an increase in the number of new telephone lines . 
Cross & Trecker is also selling its equity interest in a Japanese joint venture , Murata Warner Swasey , to Murata Machinery . 
I 'm certainly not comfortable saying we 've seen the bottom . '' 
But even those numbers do n't describe the situation as well as the athletes do in their own words . 
Those percentages hardly changed from the previous year 's poll . 
Former U.N. Ambassador Jeane Kirkpatrick , in a CNN `` Capital Gang '' discussion Oct. 7 of House action on federal catastrophic-illness insurance : 
The British firm has begun court proceedings in London to prevent the use of the name `` Deloitte '' by Deloitte , Haskins & Sells and Touche Ross & Co. in England and the rest of the world . 
There are also indications that the number of magazine entrepreneurs , traditionally depended upon to break new ground with potentially risky start-ups , are dwindling . 
IRA rules have been changed over the years . 
And White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said the deficit was `` an unwelcome increase , '' adding that `` we 're hopeful that it simply is a one-month situation and will turn around . '' 
He could do more to cut public subsidies and transfers , thus making funds available for public services starved of money for six years . 
His general-election campaign is almost Reagan-like , all muted pictures and comforting words . 
Carl E. Pissocra , president and chief executive officer of Bank One , Dover , has been named regional president , a new post at the bank-holding company . 
Personal spending grew 0.2 % in September to a $ 3.526 trillion annual rate , the Commerce Department said . 
The key is how a manager from one culture can motivate employees from another . 
`` People in the stock market were very much Thatcher 's children -- very young and wealthy optimists . 
In a public opinion poll published in the October issue of Parents Magazine , a third of those queried said they believe that ghosts or spirits make themselves known to people . 
In their lexicon the 508-point collapse in the Dow Jones Industrial Average on Oct. 19 , 1987 , was just a big blip . 
Clarcor , a maker of packaging and filtration products , said the two companies could n't agree on terms of a definitive agreement . 
Per-share earnings : Loss of 8 cents vs. loss of 9 cents 
Such investors tend to be more cautious than institutional investors are about re-entering the market after massive selloffs , market makers say . 
An additional piece of evidence from the Senate : Holding other factors constant , such as incumbency advantages and regional factors , the difference between popular votes for Republican presidential and senatorial candidates in states conducting a Senate election turns out to be a positive function of how onerous the federal government 's tax burden is per state ( a progressive tax rate hits higher-income states harder ) . 
`` Nobody told us ; nobody called us , '' says an official close to the case who asked not to be named . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at a price of 101 25\/32 to yield 7.955 % , compared with 100 29\/32 to yield 8.032 % Wednesday . 
Other fundamental `` reforms '' of the 1986 act have been threatened as well . 
Many of the buildings , mostly condominiums and apartments , were flattened almost instantly as the underlying soil -- much of it landfill -- was literally turned to ooze by the quake 's intensive shaking , rupturing gas lines . 
His entry-price condos are labeled Society Hill . 
It sank further to as low as $ 145 , but a big rally developed in the last half hour , pushing the stock back up to close at $ 170 , down just $ 8.375 from Monday . 
Kyle Technology Corp. said a Seattle investor has signed a letter of intent to buy the company for about $ 3.1 million , or $ 1.20 a share . 
Working Woman and Working Mother have operated as part of Working Woman\/McCall 's Group , a less-than-successful joint venture between Mr. Lang and Time Warner Inc . 
But , he warned , the currency will remain at risk . 
City officials feared widespread gridlock on the first day that normal business operations were resumed following last Tuesday 's earthquake . 
Lep Group and affiliates currently control 3,513,072 Profit Systems common shares , or 62.42 % , the filing said . 
When it did a half-hour into the session , it was priced at $ 150 a share , down more than $ 28 from Monday 's close . 
But as the outcry faded by the spring of 1988 , they resumed . 
As for Mr. Sala 's qualifications , `` the snooty attorneys for the state of New York decided Mr. Sala was n't qualified because he did n't have a Harvard degree , '' says Mr. Manion . 
The losers will be those with the least attractive products , and many of them , analysts think , will be foreign companies . 
Only 36 of 1,200 priority cleanup sites have been `` decontaminated . '' 
Ben Lipps , president of Fresenius USA , was named president , chief executive and chief operating officer . 
NATO defense ministers are expected to call for a reduction in nuclear forces in Europe when the alliance 's nuclear planning group convenes a two-day session today in Portugal . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings were below both analysts ' forecasts and the year-earlier level . 
Great Western Financial lost 1 1\/8 to 20 1\/2 on 1.6 million shares , Golden West Financial dropped 1 1\/4 to 28 1\/2 and H.F. Ahmanson dipped 5\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
The ads featured fences , rocks and pussy-willow buds -- almost anything but the cars themselves . 
The trip from the test tube was not without snags . 
Video Telecom Corp. , which markets videoconferencing systems , is working with court reporters to wire a nationwide network to allow depositions by live television . 
The Tire King 
It will be Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major 's first appearance before the opposition Labor Party . 
An ancient red-figured Greek kylix , or drinking cup , was recovered backstage at Sotheby 's this spring and has been returned to the Manhattan couple who lost it in a burglary three years ago . 
It should be considered against the law , '' said Danny Leish , a spokesman for the association . 
The resulting haunted house tends to reward followership , not leadership , it creates guilt about wearing the uniform , and raises doubt about having the will to fulfill the ghosts ' role , i.e. , to be able to win if called on . 
The bank , which previously said it was for sale , said it has received no offers and that its board will review whether to continue soliciting bids . 
He came to produce her records and her movies -- `` A Star Is Born '' and `` The Main Event . '' 
Other investors have lost millions in partnerships that bought thoroughbred racehorses or stallion breeding rights . 
The targeted audit groups include direct sellers -- people who sell cosmetics , housewares and other items door to door or at home parties -- and employers who label workers as independent contractors instead of employees , to avoid the employer share of payroll taxes . 
Although Mr. Freeman is retiring , he will continue to work as a consultant for American Express on a project basis . 
The deal fell through , and Kandahar remains a major regime base . 
Revivals of a different sort also are being offered by our two major theater troupes , the Goodman and Steppenwolf . 
Rates for The Asian Wall Street Journal , published and printed in Hong Kong and also printed in Singapore and Tokyo , will rise 8 % . 
`` We need to have somebody worried so they do n't do this again . '' 
The man with the clipboard represented a halfhearted attempt to introduce a bit of les sportif into our itinerary . 
According to Avery , for the year ended Sept. 30 , 1988 , Uniroyal Chemical had sales of $ 734.2 million and a net loss of $ 47.1 million . 
Revco insists that the proposal is simply an `` expression of interest , '' because under Chapter 11 Revco has `` exclusivity rights '' until Feb. 28 . 
European portion of $ 700 million via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
In downgrading CS First Boston 's subordinated domestic , Euromarket and Swiss debt to single-A-3 from single-A-2 , Moody 's is matching a move made by the other major credit rating concern , Standard & Poor 's Corp. , several months ago . 
I will hereafter devote myself to serving him . 
Last week , Secretary Kemp ran into a buzzsaw of criticism from House Banking Committee members . 
With proper warning , diabetics can easily raise their blood sugar to safe levels by eating sugar or sugary food . 
Shareholders have been steadily bailing out of several big junk funds the past several weeks as the $ 200 billion market was jolted by a cash crunch at Campeau Corp. and steadily declining prices . 
The Packwood-Roth proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
The number working at the time of the blast was n't known . 
Amdura , a Denver hardware and automotive distributor , said the new credit agreement will provide the working capital needed to meet ongoing requirements . 
Peter Gebhard , the company 's owner , says spending on regulatory paper work and the people to do it -- mostly to comply with federal , state and local environmental laws -- will rise almost 30 % this year to $ 100,000 . 
And KKR 's majority partner in SCI TV 's buy-out , Nashville , Tenn. , entrepreneur George Gillett , also is said to be very unhappy . 
Dictaphone Corp. was caught off guard in 1974 when its main competitor , Lanier Office Products of Japan , introduced a microcassette dictation recorder half the size of standard cassette devices . 
But a remarkably high percentage -- over half -- are private payers throughout their stay , even a fairly lengthy one . 
A spokesman for Sen. Edward M. Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) says Mr. Thornburgh would be required to reinstate the units next year if an proposed omnibus crime bill is passed . 
She said Quotron switched to a backup system until the problems were corrected . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they expect to sign definitive agreements shortly and to complete the transaction by Dec. 15 . 
Mr. Shupe is co-author ( with David G. Bromley ) of `` ` Moonies ' in America : Cult , Church , and Crusade '' and `` Strange Gods : The Great American Cult Scare . 
Seven games ( and , after a loss to the Kansas City Chiefs yesterday , seven losses ) into the season , the `` new '' Cowboys are n't doing any better than the old . 
`` ESB is aware that a hostile tender offer is being made by a foreign company for all of ESB 's shares , '' said F.J. Port , ESB 's president . 
( Sindona in 1979 faked his `` kidnapping '' for 2 1\/2 months to delay his trial . ) 
Sales totaled $ 1.81 billion up from $ 1.71 billion the previous year . 
But the implications could be great . 
The volatility wo n't end soon . 
The yield is offered across a range of maturities at San Francisco 's BankAmerica Corp. and Wells Fargo & Co . 
Hartford expects to report a further pretax loss of about $ 30 million for the current quarter , as a result of the California earthquake this month , ITT added . 
People are not apt to be self-conscious about the place or themselves . 
Revenue eased 0.3 % to $ 3.45 billion from $ 3.46 billion . 
An occupant will , in most every case , be better for the home and neighborhood than a vacant house . 
`` They 're going to have mega-problems . '' 
Amtrak said it suspended train service into its Oakland station , which sustained `` heavy structural damage '' during the quake . 
But all funding is cut for the Philippines , and projects in South Korea are cut to $ 13.6 million , or less than a sixth of the administration 's request . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Polaroid closed at $ 47 , up $ 1.125 . 
The September drop was the largest since a 19 % drop in January 1982 , but monthly changes in this measure are even less reliable than those in other economic indicators . 
The unemployment rate was by far the highest in the southern , so-called Mezzogiorno region . 
To the extent that the primary duty of personal staff involves local benefit-seeking , this indicates that political philosophy leads congressional Republicans to pay less attention to narrow constituent concerns . 
Last month , Morgan Grenfell announced its pretax profit rose 49.6 % to # 32.8 million in the first half , boosted by a healthy growth in its domestic and international corporate finance business . 
Among other things , they said , Mr. Azoff would develop musical acts for a new record label . 
Mr. Johnson has been a managing director at Shearson Lehman Hutton since 1985 , and before that was president of Public Strategies , a Washington consulting firm . 
Back at the Verwoerd house , Hendrik Sr. peers down over the shoulder of Hendrik Jr . 
Although stocks have led bonds this week , some traders predict that relationship will reverse during the next few weeks . 
Volume was extremely thin at 351.3 million shares , the lightest volume of the week and modestly under Thursday 's 387.4 million shares . 
Mr. Bush has called for an agreement by next September at the latest . 
For just as the Arabs were in the 1960s , the farmers of Sidhpur are on the brink of global power and fame . 
( Some 64 % of items offered at the Guterman auction were sold , at an average price of $ 343,333 . 
`` The major negative factor was the cumulative impact of regulatory activity over the past two years . '' 
The computers use the company 's own microprocessor called Sparc , Sun said . 
We note the imperial public word used to deny private rage and sorrow . 
This meant returning to the golf course , where we watched a few French duffers maul the first tee while we sat under Cinzano umbrellas , me nursing an espresso and my ego . 
The latest quarter included a $ 6.6 million write-down of investments . 
Bethlehem , the nation 's second largest steelmaker , earned $ 46.9 million , or 54 cents a share . 
The # 76.6 million ( $ 120.6 million ) in pretax profit for the 12 months to June 30 was down from # 160 million ( $ 252 million ) a year earlier and below market expectations of # 80 million and # 90 million . 
By accounting definitions , this had to produce a sudden trade deficit . 
But owning index futures is n't the same as owning the underlying stocks . 
Among companies saying they monitor employees are United Airlines , American Airlines , United Parcel Service , Nynex Corp. , Spiegel Inc. , and the circulation department of this newspaper . 
Four former Cordis Corp. officials were acquitted of federal charges related to the Miami-based company 's sale of pacemakers , including conspiracy to hide pacemaker defects . 
PepsiCo closed at $ 58.50 a share , up $ 1.375 . 
The loan to UMNO was made in September 1983 . 
But it 's likely that Sotheby 's will take a higher than usual commission , called an override , on the amount exceeding the guarantee . 
The harder question is whether anyone yet understands that Mr. Bush 's fight for his constitutional prerogatives is about politics as much as it is about law . 
`` You ca n't say it 's a `` tsunami '' ( tidal wave ) , but we 're making some headway , '' says Fannie Mae 's chairman , David O. Maxwell , who visits Tokyo at least once a year to explain and drum up investor interest in mortgage securities . 
Third-quarter earnings have been generally disappointing and with economic data showing a clear slowing , the outlook for earnings in the fourth quarter and all of 1990 is getting worse . 
In the meantime , the question faced by investors is : What is UAL stock worth ? 
They both called it a `` welcome home '' gathering . 
The company cited softness in the retail health and beauty aids category , `` as well as the intense competition in the company 's sanitary protection product line . '' 
Two products in what the telecommunications giant called a new generation of such equipment are available now , AT&T said , and three others will be introduced in 1990 and 1991 . 
But it could also accelerate `` marketization '' by reinforcing industrial accountability , breaking up state monopolies , giving managers a stake in solutions , and ensuring that modernization is not reversible for failure to address environmental effects . 
Or an investor who wants his accountant 's advice may be told , `` You seem like a guy who can make up his own mind . '' 
The TVA said the refinancing should save $ 75 million a year in interest payments . 
Still , Mr. Carew thinks he can reach a good chunk of the three million-plus black homes he needs by mailing to the almost 10,000 blacks who form what he calls `` the grapevine . '' 
$ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills . 
Why do you maintain the House-passed capital-gains plan is a `` temporary '' reduction when it is not ? 
If all of this seems a little stale , it 's redeemed in part by some tricky plot twists : 
Railroad-rate increases are likely to be restrained by weakening rail-traffic levels and keen competition for freight from trucks . 
The dollar weakened against most other major currencies . 
Closer to home , the negotiators were more generous . 
Stock prices tumbled for a third consecutive day as earnings disappointments , a sluggish economy and a fragile junk bond market continued to weigh on investors . 
`` A lot of donors just get taken . '' 
The companies being acquired provide telecommunications services to the telephone industry . 
As a result , Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government is n't currently expected to ease interest rates before next spring , if then . 
Jens-Uwe Fischer , a senior trader at Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. in Frankfurt , said he expects the dollar to recover within the next three months to around 1.88 marks as U.S. economic data , particularly U.S. trade figures , level off . 
`` Some foodstuff shipments will probably resume Thursday , '' he said . 
The company suffered a $ 9 million loss in the third quarter , compared with net of $ 2.5 million a year earlier . 
Senator Coats 's proposal would let the proposed spending cuts take place automatically unless Congress acts . 
That , in turn , could substantially reduce the value of the television assets . 
The group is divided primarily between software , semiconductors and computers . 
Mr. Baker heads the Kentucky Association of Science Educators and Skeptics . 
More importantly , the volume of options written exceeded those purchased by almost 2-to-1 . 
His assumption is that the underlying profitability rate will go up and the capital assets he bought on the cheap will soon be producing profits , thus restoring the market 's faith in them . 
She said , `` I would say K mart 's number one job is to address its market-share loss { in discount stores } , which longer-term will lead to improved profit margins . 
`` We expect near-term sluggishness in the electronics market , '' he said , `` and we will take ongoing cost-reduction actions as necessary to keep operations aligned with demand . '' 
Government officials declined to say whether the investigation includes the ad agencies or the politicians involved . 
Rick Sherlund , a Goldman Sachs analyst , has raised his earnings estimates for the company twice in the past two weeks , citing improved margins . 
Mr. Hoelzer did n't return phone calls seeking comment on the judge 's decision . 
Instead , they map out a strategy in several phases from now until 1995 . 
`` People have been seeing headline after headline after headline and saying : ` I ca n't take it anymore -- I 'm getting out , ' '' says Kurt Brouwer of Brouwer & Janachowski , a San Francisco investment adviser . 
`` We are saying this is the breaking point , this is the event that will change the psychology of the marketplace , '' said William Yankus , an analyst with Conning & Co. , a Hartford firm that specializes in the insurance industry . 
Maryland Club also distributes tea , which fits well with P&G 's Tender Leaf brand , and hot cocoa products . 
`` It 's amazing the amount of money that goes up their nose , out to the dog track or to the tables in Las Vegas , '' Mr. Katz says . 
The Treasury said it wo n't be able to honor reinvestment requests from holders of bills maturing Nov. 2 held in the Treasury 's book-entry system . 
$ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills . 
A lot of taxpayers out there are n't as paranoid as one might think . 
Elisa Byler , a St. Louis masseuse , won over officials at Emerson Electric Co. , a maker of electrical and electronic equipment , by providing documents and other articles trumpeting the therapeutic benefits of massage . 
Guaranteed by Mitsubishi Bank Ltd . 
More troubling for Mr. Dinkins is his record in personal accounting . 
A Security magazine survey places the effect of takeovers and buy-outs among the industry 's 10 biggest challenges . 
The agency may not have much choice : A congressional bill has been introduced that would force the agency to limit flight attendant duty time to 14 hours on U.S. flights and 16 hours on international trips . 
But even if he effects a Hyde-to-Jekyll transformation , he will face a serious ideological crisis and Reunification Scenario Two . 
On one-year CDs of $ 50,000 and less , the average slid to 8.02 % from 8.06 % . 
Noting that Cray does n't have a low-end supercomputer to compete with the likes of Convex Computer Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , Mr. Luber said such a machine would be necessary `` to get things back on line here . '' 
The latest developments in cold fusion research were presented in 24 reports delivered at the fall meeting here of the Electrochemical Society , the first scientific meeting in five months to hear formal reports on cold fusion experiments . 
The fourth quarter is always IBM 's biggest by far , with most sales coming in December as customers seek to use budgets before year end . 
But ever since the Supreme Court 's Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services decision this year changed the political landscape of the abortion issue , the president seemingly has tried just as hard to avoid saying anything more unless pressed to the wall . 
The response rate , more than 63 % , allows the results to be interpreted with a high degree of confidence . 
Northgate Exploration Ltd. said it is proposing to amalgamate four of its associated companies . 
It wo n't do any good for anybody unless employees know about it . 
But the technology , while reliable , is far slower than the widely used hard drives . 
Rounding-off keeps them at $ 1 . 
WPP , which assumes financial control of its businesses in a hands-on way , instituted a new financial system and plans to sublet some floors in Ogilvy 's new headquarters building to outsiders . 
The photos showed active geysers on Io spewing sulfurous material 190 miles into its atmosphere and indicated that Europa may have an ocean hidden under a thick sheet of ice . 
Walt Disney Co. 's Disneyland in Anaheim , Calif. , stocks rescue equipment , medical supplies , and enough food and water to feed at least 10,000 visitors for as long as five days in the event that a calamity isolates the theme park . 
His election increases Ryder 's board to 14 members . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
This way , depending on when a quake might strike , priorities can be assigned to departments that should be brought back on line first . 
Ferranti has said that it would be forced to write off # 185 million against the phantom contracts , reducing its net asset value by more than half . 
The most active shares were major blue-chips , particularly oils and utilities such as British Gas and British Telecommunications . 
Commenting on the budget mess this week , President Bush said : `` The perception out there is that it 's the fault of Congress . 
Sophisticated trial consulting grew , ironically , from the radical political movements of the 1960s and 1970s before finding its more lucrative calling in big commercial cases . 
While bond investors would have preferred growth to be a little slower , they were cheered by inflation measures in the data that showed prices rising at a modest annual rate of 2.9 % . 
`` The others will probably be delivered as well , but Carnival will likely have to pay a higher price for them . '' 
The latest period includes gains of $ 9.1 million from early retirement of debt and tax loss carry-forward . 
Most investment-grade bonds fell 3\/8 to 1\/2 point . 
A policewoman had to be called in to make her leave ; the policewoman helped carry out one last load . 
Wilbur Ross , financial adviser to the equity holders said , `` Given the state 's strong bargaining position ... we believe the NU plan provides the best recovery available '' to PS of New Hampshire 's equity holders . 
This will give Paribas and Lonrho joint control of Societe Commerciale . 
With reduced exports and rising imports , South Korea 's trade surpluses with the U.S. and Europe between January and September fell sharply from a year ago , the Customs Administration said . 
The mortgage and equity real estate investment trust last paid a dividend on Aug. 1 , 1988 , when holders received 75 cents a share . 
Early yesterday , investors scrambled to buy Treasury bonds for safety as stock prices plummeted and fears mounted of a replay of Friday . 
The BPCA called its team a `` stunning '' collaboration . 
Another solution cities might consider is giving special priority to police patrols of small-business areas . 
`` You may have to sell your stocks at a time when the market takes a plunge , '' says Mr. Blankenship , a Del Mar , Calif. financial planner . 
Five states -- Oregon , Rhode Island , New Hampshire , Iowa and Wisconsin -- passed bills to boost the minimum wage , but measures in 19 other states were defeated . 
The investors range from elderly widows to affluent professionals . 
An Arkansas native , he started at guard on the undefeated 1964 University of Arkansas team that won a national championship . 
Mr. Laband described one of the more insidious threats we face when dealing with disasters such as Hugo -- anti-profiteering ordinances such as that by the Charleston City Council as it thrashed about trying to Do Something . 
Currently writing his memoirs , Mr. Churchill , an artist , tells how tycoons such as the late Jean Paul Getty , the oil billionnaire , were , in fact , known only by one initial , their last . 
Poverty is only two blocks from President Bush 's residence . 
Several lawmakers were angered that the bank and thrift regulators generally said they have been too busy handling the record number of bank and thrift failures in the past few years to put much energy into investigating possible discrimination . 
It 's expected to produce about 62,000 barrels per day . 
After the payment , Healthcare still will be $ 6.5 million in arrears on rent and mortgage payments to HealthVest , a real estate investment trust whose portfolio consists largely of properties operated by Healthcare . 
C.R. Bard Inc. yesterday said third-quarter net plunged 51 % to $ 9.9 million , or 18 cents a share , from $ 20 million , or 35 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Rep. Bill McCollum ( R. , Fla. ) reports that these included 20,000 to 30,000 Soviet Central Asian KGB Border Guards , ethnically indistinguishable from Afghans and wearing unmarked uniforms . 
Under new rules , many of the country 's pubs would become `` free houses , '' selling beers of their choice . 
`` What a bunch of nonsense , '' says Jessica Crosby , president of the New York chapter of the National Association of Women Business Owners . 
Revenue rose 4 % to $ 1.79 billion . 
The agency noted , however , the estimate will likely be confirmed . 
Still , he adds , `` I could see owning both , given that individuals often have an advantage over big investors in spotting special situations based on their own insights , '' he adds . 
Strong profit in the process industries , including chemical and pulp and paper , were offset by higher interest expense and by lower earnings as the company closed out certain long-term contracts . 
The record price for associate membership is $ 275,000 , set Aug. 30 , 1988 . 
But now that they 're settling down and raising families , might they also show more stability in their brand choices ? 
The next time expansion plans are mentioned at the old company and somebody says , `` Aw heck , guys , nobody can do it like Japan or South Korea , '' I wish you would butt in and say , `` Hold it , fellas , why do n't we compare prices and use our own little Third World country . 
Banks want to see someone putting up real cash at risk , that is , subordinate to the bank debt in any deal . 
`` We do n't know how to get from socialism to capitalism . '' 
But it has only the Fed to pursue price-level stability . 
It could cost taxpayers $ 15 million to install and BPC residents $ 1 million a year to maintain . 
A volcano will erupt next month on the fabled Strip : a 60-foot mountain spewing smoke and flame every five minutes . 
B.A.T Industries fell in early dealings but recovered to finish at 754 , up 5 . 
Machinists already have rejected a package that would have provided a 10 % pay raise plus bonuses over the three-year life of the contract . 
Mr. Seidman said yesterday , for example , that Sen. Dennis DeConcini ( D. , Ariz. ) , who received $ 48,100 in contributions from Mr. Keating , phoned Mr. Seidman to request that he push for a sale of Lincoln before it would be seized . 
Nobody can estimate the toll , but John Gargan , a Tampa , Fla. , planner and head of one trade group , the International Association of Registered Financial Planners , thinks the danger to investors from incompetence is `` humongous , '' far greater than that from crookery . 
The order against assassinations is another artifact of the same congressional mind-set , a product of the 1970s Vietnam syndrome against any executive action . 
Earlier this month the accounting firm of Ernst & Young and the securities firm of Goldman , Sachs & Co. , the experts hired by the creditors , contended that Eastern would have difficulty meeting earnings targets the airline was projecting . 
Parts 1 , 2 , and 5 come from the soundtrack of Errol Morris 's acclaimed film , `` The Thin Blue Line , '' and the two other parts from incidental music to two separate dramatizations of the Kafka story of the same name . 
Mr. Laband gives us an idea why economists ' predictions are usually wrong . 
So despite Wall Street 's rosy talk of quickly `` maximizing values , '' holders could be in for a long wait . 
Mr. Paul claims to have sold three paintings , at more than a 10 % profit . 
The transactions are unrelated . 
The golden share was scheduled to expire at the beginning of 
All of Japan 's so-called Big Four securities firms -- Nomura Securities Co. Ltd. , the world 's largest , Nikko Securities Co. Ltd. , Yamaichi Securities Co. Ltd. and Daiwa -- have suffered setbacks in their attempts to break into foreign markets . 
`` We watch the same indicators and listen to the same prognosticators . 
On the other hand , only 42 % say foreign cars are less comfortable than U.S. models , down from 55 % in 1987 . 
Investors and traders in Pacific exchange options `` are protected to the extent that they can convert their put and call options into the underlying instrument , '' Mr. Luthringshausen said . 
`` Japan is perceived as a wealthy nation that can turn elsewhere in the world market and buy the sugar , '' the analyst said . 
However , Delta Air Lines fell 1 1\/2 to 67 1\/2 and USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 42 1\/2 . 
The yield on six-month T-bills fell to 7.82 % on Monday , from 8.01 % the week before . 
Then , in a boardroom showdown , state-appointed directors voted to file for bankruptcy , apparently under instructions from Finland 's Industry Minister Ilkka Suominen . 
Pioneer Electronic and Sony , both of which dominated buying earlier this month , continued to fall Wednesday . 
Mr. Kelly built the company 's high-yield bond group , which has been a minor player in the junk-bond arena . 
The Forest City , Iowa , maker of motor homes said it had a loss of $ 11.3 million , or 46 cents a share , in the quarter ended Aug. 26 . 
Volume was 449.3 million shares , the slowest of a hectic week , compared with 643.4 million Tuesday . 
Most are anchored by a K mart store . 
Fund officials negotiated the final structure of the proposed deal with Santa Fe Pacific , but they were approached with the idea by real estate brokers JMB Realty Corp. of Chicago . 
However , insurance brokers and executives say that the combination of the Bay area earthquake , Hugo and last week 's explosion at the Phillips Petroleum Co. 's refinery in Pasadena , Texas , will cause property insurance and reinsurance rates to jump . 
Hospitals companies , meanwhile , are reporting improved earnings . 
Guaranteed by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd . 
New , efficient and sophisticated processes make it easier for smaller , less cash-rich companies to make steel at a fraction of what Big Steel paid decades ago . 
It 's as if investors , the past few days , are betting that something is going to go wrong -- even if they do n't know what . 
Also , blue chips in general have suffered much more short-term price volatility in recent years . 
Some of that money will be available for highway repair and special emergency aid , but members of the legislature are also mulling over a temporary state gasoline tax to raise money for earthquake relief . 
Japanese put up with it because the government provided job stability and growing paychecks . 
Little wonder that Mrs. Thatcher 's opponents were so anxious to keep Mr. Lawson in office . 
`` We just have n't learned what it takes to compete . 
The estimated earthquake losses are low compared with the $ 4 billion in claims that insurers face from Hurricane Hugo , which ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Allied-Signal shares closed at $ 35.125 , off 87.5 cents . 
Those credits result because of taxes that Farmers , as the management company , has paid , and have `` proved to be very important for the exchanges , '' a Farmers spokesman said . 
As the Soviet Union grapples with its worsening economy , leading reformers have drawn up a blueprint for change designed to push the nation much closer to a free-market system . 
For example , we 'll bet you thought that the stock market crashed two years ago . 
In January , he accepted the position of vice chairman of Carlyle Group , a merchant banking concern . 
Early in the morning Mr. Sider , an estate lawyer , pores over last wills and testaments . 
One week 's performance should n't be the basis for any investment decision . 
Ali Khalifa Al-Sabah , Kuwait 's oil minister , recently estimated OPEC capacity at 25 million barrels a day . 
( In other words , after some highly visible dithering and public airing of differences , the administration has come down on the side of those who believe that what we are witnessing from Berlin to Siberia is a good thing to be welcomed , rather than a new thing to be feared or viewed with suspicion . ) 
Grumman Corp. was awarded a $ 53.1 million Navy contract for advanced acquisition of six E-2C tactical control aircraft . 
In his affidavit filed yesterday , Warner 's Mr. Ross indicated he is n't buying any such argument : `` If Sony succeeds here , no written contract in Hollywood will be worth the paper it 's written on . 
But the ad also mentions Sears 's sales -- a topic that the retailer has avoided since switching to everyday pricing . 
State-controlled Orkem already owns 40.6 % of Coates . 
When the earthquake rocked northern California last week , Aetna senior claims executives from the San Francisco area were at the company 's Hartford , Conn. , headquarters for additional training on how to handle major catastrophes , including earthquakes . 
Hogs rose $ 3.40 to $ 46.80 a hundredweight in October , while beef cattle slipped 80 cents to $ 67.40 for each hundred pounds and calves dropped 90 cents to $ 90.20 . 
Several organizations , including the Industrial Biotechnical Association and the Pharmaceutical Manufacturers Association , have asked the White House and Justice Department to name candidates with both patent and scientific backgrounds . 
Edison Brothers Stores Inc. said it agreed to buy 229 Foxmoor women 's apparel stores from Foxmoor Specialty Stores Corp. , a unit of Dylex Ltd. of Toronto . 
Indeed , some individuals identified with the group said they have n't committed any money to the bid and were n't aware of it until they heard about it in local news accounts over the weekend . 
With all the votes counted , a government spokesman said Prime Minister Gonzalez 's party won 176 seats in the 350-seat Cortes , or lower house of parliament . 
Merieux previously said it would ensure its bid remained open pending a final decision by Canadian regulators on whether to approve the takeover . 
Among the first of the group to post results , Abbott Laboratories said third-quarter net income jumped 14 % to $ 196 million , or 88 cents a share , from $ 172 million , or 76 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Gargan , the Tampa planner who heads one trade group , favors simply assessing the industry and giving the money to the SEC to hire more staff . 
But maintaining the key components of his strategy -- a stable exchange rate and high level of imports -- will consume enormous amounts of foreign exchange . 
In August , a Chicago conference on such devices attracted more than 100 researchers , who reported studies on everything from brain mapping to physical therapy . 
`` Niche-itis fragments our advertising dollars , '' said Mr. Lauder . 
About six months before a recession ends , stocks typically begin to rise again , as investors anticipate a recovery . 
The board is n't proposing a slate of its own and the other four current directors do n't want to serve beyond the special meeting date , Newport said . 
Also participating in the finals was Los Angeles agency Hakuhodo Advertising America . 
`` They are holding their own in a weak market , and the restructuring is working , '' he says . 
In addition to being broadcast on cable television , the movie also is being distributed on videocassettes , the suit alleges in seeking unspecified damages . 
That sort of workhorse performance sounds made to order for a time when corporate profits overall have been weakening from the brisk increases of recent years . 
Separately , America West Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , reported third-quarter profit jumped 45 % to $ 5.8 million , or 28 cents a share , from $ 4 million , or 24 cents a share , a year earlier . 
He said a clear majority of senators back the tax reduction and that ultimately there would be enough senators to overcome any procedural hurdle the Democratic leadership might erect . 
But Clark flied out to short right field and Mitchell 's drive to left was caught on the warning track by Rickey Henderson as 62,000 sets of lungs exhaled as one . 
`` Today of all days , '' she lamented . 
Car sales slackened in September after the 1990 models were introduced . 
BRISTOL-MYERS SQUIBB Co . ( New York ) -- 
Santa Fe Pacific directors are expected to review the plan at a meeting today , according to people familiar with the transaction . 
When traders become confident that the stock market has stabilized , oil prices are expected to rise as supply and demand fundamentals once again become the major consideration . 
At the State University of New York at Brooklyn , researchers flash two groups of different letters on a computer screen in front of human guinea pigs . 
TVA , in its first public debt offering in 15 years , sold $ 4 billion of long-term and intermediate-term securities last week . 
Money-market mutual fund assets grew at nearly three times their usual rate in the latest week , as investors opted for safety instead of the stock market . 
The buy-back is part of a 25-million-share repurchase plan , under which Coca-Cola Enterprises so far has acquired a total of 9.7 million shares . 
Under the terms of the three-year contract , similar to one reached at Torstar Corp. 's Toronto Star newspaper earlier this month , the 500 Globe and Mail workers will see a raise of 8 % in the contract 's first year and 7 % in each of the following two years . 
Employees of the Globe and Mail , a Thomson Corp. newspaper in Toronto , voted to accept a tentative contract agreement Saturday , averting a strike at Canada 's leading daily . 
Alberto M. Paracchini , currently chairman of BanPonce , will serve as president of the bank holding company and chairman of the subsidiary . 
Internal Revenue Service approval of the move as a tax-free transaction was the last hurdle to splitting up the world 's dominant maker of supercomputers , which Mr. Cray founded in 1974 . 
The overall London market , following Wall Street 's early nosedive , took a late beating . 
Arkansas Democrat David Pryor spilled his guts on the Senate floor the other day after he 'd joined the Finance Committee 's early-morning pork-barrel revels : `` I must tell you ... 
Friday 's big fall was `` just a blunder by the stock market , '' says John Connolly , chief strategist for Dean Witter . 
Of course , this kind of blatant congressional pork-barreling is called `` constituent service '' by Members , while the same kind of noncompetitive favoritism at HUD is labeled `` influence peddling . '' 
`` It sure smells like it , '' he said . 
Stocks of major toy makers rallied in the wake of strong third-quarter earnings reports . 
Booming metals prices have fueled Trelleborg 's recent profit surge , raising mining 's share of pretax profit to 68 % this year from a big loss two years earlier . 
1 . As part of the approval process for RICO prosecutions , the prosecutor must submit any proposed forfeiture TRO for review by the Organized Crime and Racketeering Section . 
Goldman , Sachs & Co. was the underwriter . 
CBS is likely to spend whatever it takes to keep them . 
Despite Mr. Blaine 's protests , the judge rescheduled her case for Nov. 27 . 
Through Oct. 19 , high-yield funds had an average 0.85 % total return ( the price change plus dividends on fund shares ) , according to Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
Although Eastern is back to about 80 % of its pre-strike schedule now , the Texas Air Corp. subsidiary was only beginning to get back on its feet during the quarter . 
He said he expects IBM to unveil similar strategies for other industries in coming months . 
Mr. Lewis said the company gave the Consumer Affairs department `` volumes of documents '' to substantiate its statements , and made `` every effort to comply '' with all the agency 's policies . 
The reports , attributed to the Colombian minister of economic development , said Brazil would give up 500,000 bags of its quota and Colombia 200,000 bags , the analyst said . 
The Lockheed unit has 24,000 workers ; it expects to make the cuts through a combination of furloughs , attrition and retirements . 
`` That 's really where the leverage hurt , '' says Thomas Herzfeld , a Miami-based investment manager who specializes in closed-end funds . 
In the second , foreign borrowing is projected to grow 10 % and investment to drop 10 % . 
CALLIOPE : 
The apparel maker would n't disclose terms of the agreement . 
Since all four Republicans on the committee are co-sponsors of my bill , it is the Democrats who will be held fully accountable if an earnings test amendment is not allowed from the floor . 
The purchase price was disclosed in a preliminary prospectus issued in connection with MGM Grand 's planned offering of six million common shares . 
`` We were talking about scheduling a practice drill for November , '' says Joan Tharp , a spokeswoman . 
Democrats want the tax provision to be a separate bill , subject to the usual procedural obstacles . 
Currently , about 60 % of home delivery subscribers in the New York area receive the paper directly from the Times . 
`` We think the worst is over '' in the European information-technology market , she said . 
Why had Mr. Korotich been called ? 
A grand jury has been investigating whether officials at Southern Co. conspired to cover up their accounting for spare parts to evade federal income taxes . 
As matters stand , the Salinger ruling , torn from context and broadly construed , is controlling . 
Dow Jones industrials 2596.72 , off 17.01 ; transportation 1190.43 , off 14.76 ; utilities 215.86 , up 0.19 . 
A spokeswoman for Paramount said the company does n't comment on speculation . 
Once the stock price is less than the exercise price , or `` strike price , '' of the put , the gain will match the loss on the stock dollar for dollar . 
Until now , its inability to form membership ties with organized labor has kept it from penetrating the lucrative New York metropolitan area construction market . 
Sales growth and profit in business products and systems -- Xerox 's main business -- were `` disappointing , '' said B. Alex Henderson , who follows the company for Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
DILLARD DEPARTMENT STORES Inc. said it offered $ 50 million of 9 1\/2 % debentures due 2001 at par . 
The oil and auto industries , united in their dislike of President Bush 's proposal for cars that run on alternative fuels , announced a joint research program that could turn up a cleaner-burning gasoline . 
`` But we think the risks are there for things getting a lot worse . 
Auto shares were mixed , as Daimler-Benz firmed 2 to 723 , Bayerische Motoren Werke lost the same amount to 554 , and Volkswagen inched down 1.4 to 451.6 . 
Tuesday 's rout of a GOP congressional hopeful in a Mississippi district that has n't backed a Democratic presidential candidate since Adlai Stevenson is another reminder that , at least at the federal level , political `` ticket splitting '' has been on the rise over the past half century . 
Delmed did say that the proposal still would infuse cash into Delmed but less than the $ 10 million originally expected . 
Elena Scambio , the woman assigned to run the Jersey City school system that was taken over by the state , says her top priority will be to `` cut through the dead hand of bureaucracy . '' 
But the New Environmentalists oppose private wealth creation ( which , they claim , depletes natural resources ) and nuclear power ( even though it would counteract the greenhouse effect ) . 
Faced with the virtually impossible task of supervising the execution of each trade , many commodity brokerage firms are likely to stop doing business with independents and instead hire their own salaried floor brokers . 
But Foothills said it plans to seek regulatory approval to build an alternative line , the Alaska Natural Gas Transportation System further north toward Alaska . 
`` Nonsense , '' she told an interviewer yesterday on London Weekend Television . 
Publicly traded VF Corp. , which owns Vanity Fair , and Sara Lee Corp. , which owns Bali Co. , are also strong forces in intimate apparel . 
`` At the end of their day , they are zombies , '' says John Galipault , president of the Aviation Safety Institute , a public-interest group in Worthington , Ohio . 
Cincinnati Bell Inc. said net declined 1.8 % . 
The rating agency said it lowered the ratings on $ 75 million of the holding company 's convertible subordinated Eurodebentures to B-3 from B-1 . 
The Maidenform name `` is part of American pop culture , '' says Joan Sinopoli , account supervisor of the campaign by Levine , Huntley , Schmidt & Beaver , a New York ad firm . 
Judge Masaaki Yoneyama told the Osaka District Court Daikin 's `` responsibility is heavy because illegal exports lowered international trust in Japan . '' 
Japanese electronic giants , such as Sony Corp. and Hitachi Ltd. , have focused almost entirely on HDTV hardware , and virtually ignored software or programs shot in high-definition . 
One state environmental regulator returned a report because `` it was n't heavy enough , it could n't have been correct , '' Mr. Maguire says . 
Bond prices inched higher . 
Traders said that a nearly 40-point gain in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , fueled in part by news of a lower-than-expected price index , had little influence on the dollar 's moves . 
Analysts say much of Kellogg 's erosion has been in such core brands as Corn Flakes , Rice Krispies and Frosted Flakes , which represent nearly one-third of its sales volume . 
Cray Research Inc. won government clearance for its proposed reorganization of founder Seymour Cray 's supercomputer design team into a separate company . 
To get a piece of the business , Nike Inc. , Beaverton , Ore. , introduced a line of mountain-bike shoes . 
Their factories may look like sets for a Spielberg movie , but their offices , with rows of clerks hunched over ledgers and abacuses , are more like scenes from a Dickens novel . 
`` I think the problems in the junk-bond area are just beginning , and this will be very unsettling for companies that have issued junk bonds . 
Mr. Salinas 's unpopular Institutional Revolutionary Party , or PRI , faces congressional elections in 1991 . 
The rate on the notes will be reset annually to give the issue a market value of 101 . 
For the nine months , Coca-Cola Enterprises ' net fell 31 % to $ 65 million , or 39 cents a share , from $ 93.8 million , or 63 cents a share . 
Beverly Hills Comes To Suburban Tokyo 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York court 's ruling that the manufacturers of a drug once used to prevent miscarriages must share liability for injuries or deaths when the maker of an individual dose is unknown . 
The real answer to curbing wild swings in stock prices , they say , might be to curb or even abolish stock-index futures . 
After receiving complaints from egg producers , this branch got the other branch to rescind its approval , thus limiting the machine 's potential market to bakeries and restaurants and other establishments that are n't regulated by the USDA . 
NEWHALL LAND & FARMING Co. , Valencia , Calif. , announced a 2-for-1 split in the real estate limited partnership 's units and increased its regular quarterly cash distribution 33 % , to 40 cents a unit . 
A company spokesman said the gain on the sale could n't be estimated until the `` tax treatment has been determined . 
-- Bruce Kafaroff . 
As a result , he reignited the inflation that Mrs. Thatcher , through a long and costly effort , had subdued . 
They added that `` all of us ( Cocom members ) look at the changes in Hungary and Poland in a positive way , but a question of this scope deserves further discussion and study . '' 
The dinner was a stark confirmation that 1989 is the worst year ever for the $ 200 billion junk market . 
Chase Senior Vice President George Scandalios said the bank decided to exercise its option after bids fell short of expectations . 
Eaton earned from continuing operations $ 165.1 million , or $ 4.40 a share , down 7 % from $ 177.5 million , or $ 4.76 a share , a year earlier . 
Storage rose $ 1.125 a share , to close at $ 14 , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Ferranti said that it welcomes the investigation and that it will `` cooperate fully . '' 
In his eloquent dissent , Judge Alex Kozinski observed that when a writer uses quotation marks in reporting what someone has said , the reader assumes that these are the speaker 's precise words or at least his words purged of `` uh '' and `` you know '' and grammatical error . 
His favorites are American Barrick Resources Corp. , Echo Bay Mines Ltd. and Coeur d'Alene Mines Corp . 
Down the street , a car pulls into the Shell station and is surrounded by black attendants . 
The excess heat was 15 % to 20 % more than the energy involved in the electrolysis of water . 
Those rumors were confirmed after the end of trading yesterday when the U.S. Agriculture Department announced that the Soviets had bought 1.2 million metric tons of U.S. corn , bringing their U.S. corn purchases confirmed so far this month to about five million metric tons . 
The company has 14 plants and distribution facilities in the U.S. , Puerto Rico , other parts of the Caribbean and Ireland . 
The changes have n't come easy . 
The index was 178.5 in August and is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
`` We have no in-office business . '' 
Ironically , the person who wants to run his or her own business is probably the active , results-oriented sort most likely to hate meeting the rules and record-keeping demands of federal , state and local regulators . 
Viacom also owns cable systems , but it is the 14th largest operator of such systems , with less than one million subscribers . 
And it retains an interest in acquiring candies and other articles that might be sold in tobacco shops . 
Average daily trading volume : 74,351 shares 
Then came the earthquake and a damaging delay of 11 days . 
The clash of ideologies survives this treatment , but the nuance and richness of Gorky 's individual characters have vanished in the scuffle . 
Nonperforming loans will make up only about 0.5 % of the combined banks ' total loans outstanding , he said . 
Sales were higher in all of the company 's business categories , with the biggest growth coming in sales of foodstuffs such as margarine , coffee and frozen food , which rose 6.3 % . 
The field is currently being developed and is slated to start production by the end of the year . 
Securities analysts were even more cautious , having been burned repeatedly on Unisys this year . 
Customers lean forward , rest their knees on side supports and bury their face in padding on the back of the chair . 
The staggering losses cap a tumultuous year for Alan Bond and his flagship , Bond Corp . 
West Germany 's 7 % issue due October 1999 rose 0.13 point to 99.93 to yield 7.01 % , while the 6 3\/4 % issue due July 1994 rose 0.05 to 97.70 to yield 7.33 % . 
Mr. Smith says the Bill of Rights commercial , which trumpets the themes of liberty and freedom of expression , is n't designed to have any special appeal for smokers . 
With nearly 4,000 machines in use , there have been no salmonella problems as long as instructions were followed , Mr. Maynard boasts . 
It is a certainty that Mr. Barre 's days are numbered . 
We designed a comprehensive program , and we worked hard on it . 
Instead , CBS hopes the show will increasingly highlight the talent agency and the business of being an agent . 
`` The volume and profit impact on our fiscal first quarter will not be positive , but looking at the whole fiscal year , we do n't see the effect as material , '' wrote Mr. Finkelstein . 
When the Supreme Court opened the door this year to new restrictions on abortion , Ms. Ehman opened her mind to Democratic politics . 
Traders said the stock market 's lurching moves have prompted many investors to head for the sidelines until it regains some semblance of stability . 
San Francisco area officials gave the media high marks for helping people find shelter and obtain emergency information after Tuesday 's catastrophic earthquake . 
The 204-lawyer New York firm will bring in at least 12 partners and a not yet determined number of associates from Golenbock & Barell , which will dissolve Dec. 31 . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
The TVA , in fact , decided to proceed with the bond offering following an agreement last week with the Financing Bank , which allows TVA to keep borrowing short term from the bank for two years after it goes to the public market . 
In his haste to seal the deal with Tiger Chairman Saul Steinberg last August , Mr. Smith ignored a promise that he had made to his own pilots three years ago : that any fliers acquired in future mergers would be `` end-tailed '' -- put at the bottom of the pilot seniority list that determines work schedules , pay and career options . 
William R. Laidig , Nekoosa 's chairman , chief executive officer and president , characterized the $ 58-a-share bid as `` uninvited '' and said Nekoosa 's board would consider the offer `` in due course . '' 
Last Tuesday , Kemper Corp. 's Kemper Financial Services Inc. unit said it would no longer trade with firms committed to stock-index arbitrage , including the three that later suspended stock-index arbitrage trading on Friday . 
But investors remain wary about stocks , partly because of turmoil in the junk-bond market . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Shaw 's shares closed ex-dividend at $ 26.125 , up $ 2.25 . 
Mr. Joseph conceded the junk market was in disarray , according to people familiar with the discussion . 
But we like to call it ` controlled chaos , ' '' said 47-year-old Robert J. Jacobson Jr. , grandson of the firm 's founder . 
The debentures , due in 2014 , have a coupon of 7 3\/4 % , payable semiannually . 
And the sets are wider , resembling the dimensions of a movie screen . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
They could no longer be classified as what Columbia regarded them , namely long-term investments . 
Kellogg dropped 1 3\/4 to 73 1\/4 . 
`` The emotional aspect is so draining , they needed a good workout . '' 
Executives who manage these funds see the current debate over program trading as a repeat of the concern expressed after the 1987 crash . 
Mr. Palmero recommends Temple-Inland , explaining that it is `` virtually the sole major paper company not undergoing a major capacity expansion , '' and thus should be able to lower long-term debt substantially next year . 
`` They are growing more pragmatic about their role . '' 
Help may be on the way . 
In national over-the-counter trading yesterday , LIN rose 50 cents , to $ 109.25 . 
Rome magistrates accuse Mr. Carboni and several other people of trying to extort 1.2 billion lire ( $ 880,000 ) from the Vatican in return for documents contained in the briefcase of Roberto Calvi , the Ambrosiano chairman found hanged under London 's Blackfriar 's Bridge shortly before the bank 's collapse . 
In other words : The real estate has a higher value than the pending deal suggests . 
Eastern and its creditors are in the final , delicate stages of negotiating a second reorganization plan to pay off the airline 's debts . 
Some individuals went to some lengths on their own to avoid the anticipated gridlock . 
`` Demand from Japan is expected to continue strong , but not from other areas of the world into the first quarter of next year , '' he said . 
It is also known as the fraud capital of the U.S. , dubbed by investigators and the media as the `` Cote de Fraud '' . 
Sonja Steptoe and David Wilson contributed to this article . 
The latter 's son , Ralph Ingersoll Jr. , took over the company and has been managing the Goodson properties and acting as an agent in the purchase of newspapers for Goodson . 
Rally 's Inc. said it filed suit in U.S. District Court in Delaware against a group led by Burt Sugarman , seeking to block the investors from buying more shares . 
The company , which makes integrated circuits and other electronic parts , now has about 47 million common shares outstanding . 
El Paso owns and operates a petroleum refinery . 
Other programs and special issues will be based on themes of health , jobs , personal finance , the best colleges , and investments . 
NASA said the Galileo worm had nothing to do with either delay . 
These results compare with net income of $ 1.8 million , or 44 cents a share , for the corresponding period last year . 
While it is still too early to tell whether the dearth of takeover activity is only temporary , many lawyers say their firms are bracing for lower revenue from merger work , which has been so lucrative in the past . 
The Fed did , in fact , execute $ 1.5 billion of liquidity-enhancing customer repurchase agreements , the third set of repurchase orders in three days . 
The Weston , Mass. , utilities and marine-transport concern said results for the third quarter , usually a money-losing one because of the seasonality of the gas business , were also aided by higher gas sales and the May 1989 acquisition of Water Products Company . 
Mrs. Garcia , 49 , formerly was a member of Mr. Garcia 's congressional staff . 
BNL called a shareholders ' assembly meeting in December to vote on the proposals . 
So the British experience presents a genuine puzzle that reaches far beyond the shores of Albion . 
A spokesman for Scott says that assuming the price of pulp continues to soften , `` We should do well . 
And Chase will have to spend approximately $ 50 million to remove asbestos from the premises . 
American Telephone & Telegraph rose 3\/8 to 43 1\/2 in Big Board composite trading of 1.5 million shares , Chevron advanced 1 3\/4 to 66 5\/8 on 2.3 million shares , Woolworth rose 1 to 58 5\/8 , Coca-Cola Co. gained 5\/8 to 72 1\/2 and Eastman Kodak added 3\/8 to 44 1\/2 . 
But Fujitsu Ltd. has taken that practice to a new extreme . 
He added that , after an initial surge triggered by an advertising blitz in March , Sears expected that the pricing program would n't have any effect on revenue . 
Earthquake 's Damage 
The 4.9 million-share volume flowing through the Jacobson specialist operation was about five times normal for the stock . 
However , in light of the risks involved in such transactions , banks should satisfy themselves that they have the skills to participate in this market and clear policy guidelines on acceptable levels of exposure to such transactions , he said . 
HEYNOW : 
The securities yield from 9.35 % to 10.48 % for a 30-year issue with an average life of 21.18 years . 
As for gold , she notes that it usually rises when the dollar is weak , as it has been lately . 
The Treasury said Taiwan has liberalized its exchange rate system in the past year . 
TV evangelist : salesparson . 
`` Even though we 'll still compete against Mitsubishi , we can also work jointly on some projects , and we 'll gain a lot of sourcing flexibility , '' Mr. Stern contends . 
Estimated volume was a light 2.4 million ounces . 
`` It would be damaging to industry and to the financial sector in general , to say nothing of banks , if prudence does not guide the financing of leveraged transactions . '' 
On the chairman 's motion , the California package was subsequently reduced to less-binding report language , and even when this was accepted as such on a voice vote , Mr. Whitten pointedly opposed it . 
`` But by and large this company has only been profitable . '' 
`` The impact , if there is any , will be impossible to judge ahead of time because the decision whether to use { racketeering charges } is made in individual cases '' by Justice Department officials in Washington , he said . 
`` It 's simply a way of making the cuts less onerous for defense than they are for domestic programs , '' said Chairman James Sasser ( D. , Tenn . ) of the Senate Budget Committee , who said he would oppose the request . 
`` No wonder the competition 's green with envy , '' the announcer says . 
But while they want to be on the alert for similar buying opportunities now , they 're afraid of being hammered by another terrifying plunge . 
The fragile market received its biggest jolt last month from Campeau Corp. , which created its U.S. retailing empire with more than $ 3 billion in junk financing . 
Earlier last week , Valley National Corp. , the state 's largest locally owned banking company , reported a $ 72.2 million loss and suspended its dividend . 
`` October is a big rollover month and perhaps they anticipate greater demand ... among people leaving the stock market . '' 
The 41-year-old Mr. Azoff , a former rock 'n' roll manager , is credited with turning around MCA 's once-moribund music division in his six years at the company . 
Outside the U.S. , he said , producer stocks at the end of August were 273,000 tons , down 3,000 tons from the end of July . 
Mr. Sung formerly worked at General Electric in research on synthetic diamonds . 
Once production hurdles are overcome , the chips could take over a significant part of the market . 
The introductions also mark Texas Instruments ' plunge back into a technology it has all but ignored for the past several years . 
Citizens First , which controls Citizens First National Bank and is based in Glen Rock , N.J. , will pay a maximum of 40 % in cash for the parent of Lakeland Savings Bank and the remainder in convertible preferred stock , with a liquidation value of $ 18 a share . 
The computer giant , whose U.S. results have been dismal for years , noted that revenue rose again in the U.S. in the third quarter , following an increase in the second period . 
The discrepancy may be because asking people about their fitness regime is a bit like inquiring about their love life . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.525 % 30 days ; 8.425 % 60 days ; 8.375 % 90 days . 
The giant foods , tobacco and brewing company said it will issue common-share purchase rights to shareholders of record Nov. 8 . 
Soon after the release of the U.S. trade figures , the dollar plunged to an intraday low of 140.95 yen . 
Under the agreement , which had been widely expected , Bell Atlantic would be buying Control Data 's customer base and its approximately 100 U.S. maintenance facilities in about 33 cities . 
Gordon Trimmer will succeed Mr. Haines as manager of Canadian operations , and Mr. Kushkin 's former position is n't being filled at this time , the company said . 
It 's not clear which crew of communists might prevail in a coalition government , but the one good bet is that the non-communists would disappear . 
Expect `` tricky '' stuff from pitchers , says Mr. Weaver , the manager . 
The Ontario Supreme Court overturned Mr. Blair 's decision . 
Trinity River Authority , Texas -- $ 134,750,000 of regional wastewater system improvement revenue bonds , Series 1989 , via competitive bid . 
In contrast , credit programs can be appropriate tools to improve the operation of capital markets . 
`` Jazz Cleopatra '' contains other , more important , false notes that undermine what is , for the most part , a lively account of a life already familiar from earlier works . 
St. Louis Southwestern Railway Co. unit halted all service Tuesday night but has since restored some freight lines and limited commuter service between San Francisco and San Jose . 
The group 's advisers want to make certain they have firm bank commitments the second time around . 
`` Just imagine how exciting that would be if that 's your horse , '' he says . 
They prefer to put off the line-item veto until at least next year . 
Sibra Products Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Cardinal Amber Light beer account to Heidelberg & Associates , New York . 
Bay Financial , which said it may be forced to file under Chapter 11 if it ca n't reach an agreement with its lenders to relieve its debt burden , plunged 1 3\/8 to 2 1\/8 . 
The seaborne meetings wo n't disrupt plans for a formal summit next spring or summer , at which an arms-control treaty is likely to be completed . 
Mr. Putka covers education from The Wall Street Journal 's Boston bureau . 
But while it was a move that stunned the East bloc , it hardly ushers in an era of reform -- at least anytime soon . 
By ignoring costs , U.S. strategists abdicate their responsibility for hard decisions . 
Nucor 's plant in Crawfordsville , Ind. , ultimately will produce only one million tons annually , a drop in the 40-million-ton-a-year flat-rolled steel bucket , and it will be years before such plants can compete in the high-profit market . 
It ended at about 8 11\/16 % yesterday , but was as low as 8 1\/2 % Monday . 
Even if you 're healthy and can renew , your premium will go up sharply because you 're that much older . 
If a TV weatherman gets butterflies facing the camera again after a questionable forecast , Donald H. Straszheim surely understands . 
The law firm has filed a friend-of-the-court brief jointly with the Washington Legal Foundation , a conservative legal group . 
`` What 's encouraging about this is that retail chains will be sold on the basis of their sales and earnings , not liquidation values , '' said Joseph E. Brooks , chairman and chief executive officer of Ann Taylor Inc. , a specialty chain . 
At discount brokerage Charles Schwab & Co. , such `` cash-equivalent '' investments recently accounted for a record $ 8 billion of the firm 's $ 25 billion of client 's assets . 
In my research , I have found a paper by Joseph Scotto of the National Cancer Institute and several colleagues reporting an 11-year decrease in UV-B radiation at eight U.S. measurement sites . 
I guess we 're all living very tentatively here , waiting for the expected but dreaded aftershock . 
This is indeed what the market decided . 
Other provisions have a more subtle , but nonetheless real and detrimental effect on the international position of U.S. exchanges . 
Mr. Goldberg , who took over as head of the IRS in July , has been disturbed by what he considers the inefficiency , waste and lack of coordination among the branches of the vast federal agency . 
An estimated $ 321 million is provided to maintain the program , but Mr. Rudman also succeeded in attaching language seeking to curb the authority of the current board until new members are confirmed . 
Only a month ago he 'd warned Congress not to pass legislation to pay for abortions in cases of rape or incest . 
In keeping with men 's broader fashion scope today , businessmen are dabbling in English and Italian suits that are conservative but not stodgy . 
But while index options are convenient , they have several disadvantages . 
Goodson has accused Ingersoll of paying less attention to its properties and more to such ventures as the recent launch of the St. Louis Sun . 
-- `` The coaches should have a more personal and sympathetic attitude toward the athletes -- not treat us like pieces of meat . 
The Aga Khan , meanwhile , agreed to trade some of his stake in Luxembourg-based Ifint S.A. , another Agnelli family company , for 7.45 % of Giovanni Agnelli & Co. 's capital . 
President Carlos Salinas de Gortari used the army to oust La Quina , who reigned for 28 years over a graft-riddled empire that made state-run Petroleos Mexicanos , or Pemex , one of the world 's most inefficient oil companies . 
A senior citizen between 62 and 70 saves 70 % off regular coach fare . 
The Wellesley , Mass. , maker of scientific instruments and electronic parts said Berthold expects 1989 sales of more than 100 million Deutsche marks ( $ 54.5 million ) and employs about 400 people . 
`` He probably was the smartest guy who ever sat on our bench , '' says a former president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association , who , like most lawyers in Cambria County , refuses to talk about the judge publicly . 
ANTHEM ELECTRONICS INC. , San Jose , distributor of electronic parts , annual sales of about $ 300 million , NYSE , sustained very little damage , anticipated being `` in 100 % operating condition '' by midday . 
He says he used consultants in the case but `` found them to be virtually useless . '' 
In France ? ? ! ! '' 
In the event that the buy-out group stalls in reviving its bid , the UAL board could remain under some pressure to seek another transaction , even without any legal obligation to do so . 
The yield on the Treasury 's 30-year issue fell slightly to 8.03 % . 
But investors who bought zero-coupon CDs in the secondary market are n't the only ones who may be surprised to learn the full amount of their investments is n't insured . 
A Realist official said the company had n't yet received the full complaint and would n't have a response until it had an opportunity to review it . 
Flowers Industries Inc. said it will report a charge of eight cents to 10 cents a share for its fiscal first quarter , ended Sept. 23 , from the sale of two bakeries , in High Point , N.C. , and Gadsden , Ala . 
Showing Up in Court Without Being There 
-- `` More often than not , college athletes go through college never really experiencing collegiate life to the fullest . 
`` We do n't need the cash . '' 
That would leave the Blackstone fund with a 60 % stake and Donaldson Lufkin with 15 % . 
The Japanese company said the waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino antitrust act for the $ 3.4 billion bid for Columbia and the $ 200 million offer for Guber-Peters expired Monday . 
ONE-DAY JAUNTS in a chartered boat were perks for permanent staffers of American Business Service Corp. , a Costa Mesa , Calif. , supplier of temporary workers . 
Two other firms , Ovonic Imaging Systems Inc. of Troy , Mich. , and Magnascreen Corp. of Pittsburgh are developing a variation of the flat-panel screens called active-matrix liquid crystal displays . 
The securities were priced to float monthly at 20 basis points above the 30-day commercial paper rate . 
They said Howell is particularly successful there because of its membership cooperation with local unions . 
The rate , which banks charge each other on overnight loans , is considered an early signal of changes in Fed policy . 
Mr. Wakeman was vice president of the instrument and controls division of closely held Omega Engineering Inc. , another company controlled by Mr. Hollander . 
The numbers show that `` we do n't have a monolithic economy , '' said Isaac Lagnado , council research director . 
The effective date of any new regulations by the current board would be delayed until Oct. 1 next year , and the bill seeks to reverse efforts by the corporation to cut off funds to service organizations such as the Food Research and Action Center . 
The builders are more willing to give up some equity and rely on management and consulting fees to stay afloat in the soft market . 
The Manhattan real-estate developer acted after the UAL buyers failed to obtain financing for their earlier $ 300-a-share bid , which sparked a selling panic among that snowballed into a 190-point drop Friday in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Their idea is to create a city , first , and then an entire nation -- without blacks . 
As a result , Wells Fargo 's net interest income rose $ 36.3 million , or 7 % , to $ 537 million for the quarter . 
Goldman said Eastern would miss the same mark by at least $ 120 million . 
He also says he is losing money now . 
To an unusual degree , the massive bill has become a vehicle for lawmakers to earmark funds for projects in home states . 
So far as we can see only two persons are behaving with a dignity recognizing the seriousness of the issues : Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan Walters , the counterpoint of the Chancellor 's difficulties , who also resigned as personal adviser to Mrs. Thatcher . 
Using direct mail for a TV show is like fishing for whale with a breaded hook . 
The effort to create the nation 's largest employee-owned company began unraveling Oct. 13 when the labor-management group was unable to obtain financing for its $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion offer . 
Moreover , Polaroid contends it could have sold them at a higher price -- and thus made higher profits -- because it would n't have been forced to match Kodak 's lower prices . 
TRUSTEE WHO MONITORED settlement payments to Dalkon Shield claimants quits . 
So throughout the decade I have maintained my share of individual retirement accounts and CDs , and tinkered with stocks , bonds and mutual funds , as well as preserving my necessary position in the residential real-estate market . 
U.S. Deputy Trade Representative Jules Katz replied that the proposal was entirely consistent with the April accord . 
San Francisco lawyer Timothy H. Fine , who represents franchisees , insists California 's cautiousness helps protect franchisees from crafty sales negotiators who push unlawful clauses . 
Mr. Bebear made his remarks at a breakfast meeting with reporters here yesterday as part of a tour in which he is trying to rally support in the U.S. for the proposed acquisition . 
At the same time , some sports events will move off `` free '' television and onto cable or pay-cable , where half the nation 's TV homes ca n't see them . 
WASHINGTON -- 
The agreement calls for MCI to provide data service , 800 and Vnet service , a virtual private network service . 
Turnover was 382.9 million shares , compared with 449.3 million Wednesday . 
Next month , Seagate Technology , which is the dominant supplier of hard-disk drives for personal computers , plans to introduce its first family of low-power drives for battery-operated computers . 
In July , 11 NFL owners , almost all of them new , blocked an effort to install Jim Finks as a replacement for retiring league commissioner Pete Rozelle . 
For the U.S. to lend even the slightest support to the most infamous killers on Indochina 's bleak scene could only disturb America 's allies elsewhere . 
The companies apt to run into earnings problems soonest are the ones with heavy debt loads , says Larry Biehl , partner in the San Mateo , Calif. , money-management firm of Bailard , Biehl & Kaiser . 
And when he ran unsuccessfully for a state appellate court seat in 1983 , the Pennsylvania Bar Association rated him `` one of the best available , '' after interviewing local lawyers . 
`` That 'll save us time and get people involved . '' 
Both have become confidants of President Bush . 
Comments by Federal Reserve Board Chairman Alan Greenspan lent some support to the dollar , but the U.S. unit ended yesterday lower against most major currencies . 
Timothy C. Brown , a vice president , was named executive vice president and a director of this lighting and specialty products concern . 
Ms. Chung 's program is just one of several network shows ( and many more in syndication ) that rely on the controversial technique of reconstructing events , using actors who are supposed to resemble real people , living and dead . 
The directors signaled , however , that they would be willing to consider future offers or take some other action to maximize shareholder value , saying they would continue to explore `` all strategic and financial alternatives . '' 
To me , this calls into question the validity of the Rowland-Molina theory and hence the whole chlorofluorocarbons replacement effort . 
However , state initiatives restrict the ability of the legislature to raise such taxes unless the voters approve in a statewide referendum . 
Beyond that , many big oil , chemical and airline companies are siphoning off big chunks of the market by insuring themselves through `` captive '' offshore companies for industry-specific coverage . 
Advanced Cardiovascular Systems Inc. and Cardiac Pacemakers Inc. units led growth in the medical-instrument systems division . 
For a while in the 1970s it seemed Mr. Moon was on a spending spree , with such purchases as the former New Yorker Hotel and its adjacent Manhattan Center ; a fishing\/processing conglomerate with branches in Alaska , Massachusetts , Virginia and Louisiana ; a former Christian Brothers monastery and the Seagram family mansion ( both picturesquely situated on the Hudson River ) ; shares in banks from Washington to Uruguay ; a motion picture production company , and newspapers , such as the Washington Times , the New York City Tribune ( originally the News World ) , and the successful Spanish-language Noticias del Mundo . 
Other Saatchi units include ad agency McCaffrey & McCall , which has the Mercedes account and which has been attempting to buy itself back ; and Howard Marlboro , a sports and event marketing firm . 
( General obligation bonds are backed by the city 's overall revenues and credit . ) 
But he refused , claiming that he wanted to see what happened Monday morning before making any public statement . 
At the San Mateo Bridge , which connects the San Francisco peninsula with the East Bay , police were surprised at the speed with which traffic moved . 
`` It 's very revealing and soul baring , '' said Ms. Volokh . 
So far , Nissan 's new-model successes are mostly specialized vehicles with limited sales potential . 
Alan Smith , president of Marks & Spencer North America and Far East , says that Brooks Brothers ' focus is to boost sales by broadening its merchandise assortment while keeping its `` traditional emphasis . '' 
The next woman was older , and I was afraid to touch her . 
Mr. Zupan teaches at the University of Southern California 's business school . 
The biggest wild card in the brand loyalty game : How those hotly pursued but highly unpredictable baby boomers will behave as they move into middle age . 
The suits relate to a $ 200 million loss , disclosed in December , that was suffered by West Virginia 's consolidated investment pool . 
While Guber Peters produced a number of hits for Warner and others , their record was n't always so impressive . 
The occasional media witch hunt about some politician 's private peccadilloes notwithstanding , the general inclination is to offer a version of the old refrain , `` Who am I to judge ? '' 
A month ago , a similar survey predicted the dollar would be trading at 1.8690 marks and 139.75 yen by the end of October . 
The Treasury sold $ 7.81 billion of three-month bills with an average discount rate of 7.52 % , the highest since the average of 7.63 % at the auction on Oct. 10 . 
But there were hitches , not the least of which was that , Mr. Wathen says , he proceeded almost blindly in doing the $ 95 million acquisition , which was completed in January 1988 . 
In their quest to perfect apartheid , the Orange Workers have discovered a truth that most of privileged white South Africa tries mightily to deny : The master ca n't become dependent on the slave and expect to remain master forever . 
The Financial Times of Canada has no links to the British daily newspaper , The Financial Times . 
That is , if the company reported results correctly . 
For a short time after June 4 , it appeared that the trade picture would remain fairly bright . 
In one , imports and exports continue to grow at the respective average rates of 25 % and 5 % recorded during the first seven months , and the current-account deficit widens to $ 13.1 billion . 
The company said it was leasing the site of the refinery from Aruba . 
A handful of the New Crowd operators have crossed the line from the immoral to the illegal , and have ended up in the slammer or paying huge fines : 
The companies running the disaster ads certainly do n't see themselves as ambulance chasers , either . 
Call at par after two years and thereafter at par every six months . 
And of course , doing anything that might be second-guessed by Congress carries heavy penalties . 
-- Median household income -- which includes both those living in families and those who are n't -- rose 0.3 % last year to $ 27,225 after inflation . 
Mr. Sutton recalls : `` When I left , I sat down with Charlie { Rangel } , Basil { Paterson } and David , and David said , ` Who will run for borough president ? ' And I said , ` You will . ' '' 
c - Translated at Commercial Rand exchange rate . 
Blue chips led the march up in heavy trading . 
The notebook , the TI Model 12 , will be priced at $ 4,199 . 
In recent months , researchers have come to believe the two types of cancer genes work in concert : An oncogene may turn proliferating cells malignant only after the tumor-suppressor gene has been damaged . 
Last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate . 
More recently , property rates have increased . 
`` They are just too busy to meet domestic demand and have little room for overseas shipments , '' the official said . 
This kind of theater was new to us . 
Shaken by tumbling stock prices and pessimistic projections of U.S. economic growth , currency analysts around the world have toned down their assessments of the dollar 's near-term performance . 
U.S. exports to Canada jumped 11.2 % in August from July while U.S. imports from Canada rose only 2.7 % . 
Similarly , he says , suppose you were attracted to a company because of expectations that sales would hit $ 200 million by 1990 . 
Mr. Kriz noted that Boston Safe Deposit `` has taken some actions to better control asset-liability management and improve controls in general , and we think these will serve to improve credit quality . '' 
The passenger railroad said it terminated some runs in Sacramento , relying on buses to ferry passengers to the Bay area . 
After only 11 moves for each side , the computer 's position was shaky . 
In either case , the investor faces three possible outcomes : 
Brand imagery plays a significant role in loyalty to such products as cigarettes , perfume and beer . 
`` And there he was , '' recalls Mr. Engelken . 
Howard Rubenstein , a New York publicist who represents Shea & Gould , said , `` Shea & Gould understands they 're leaving because they wanted a different environment -- a smaller firm they would be principals of . '' 
David Baltimore , who has just been named president of Rockefeller University , already knows what it 's like to go through life with `` Nobel laureate '' appended to one 's name . 
In addition , an investor who wants to know the daily value of Treasury bonds , or corporate bonds traded on the New York Stock Exchange , can simply check newspaper listings . 
In August , the government played a major part in a sweeping restructuring of the troubled shipyard . 
World-wide sales of Warner-Lambert 's non-prescription health-care products , such as Halls cough tablets , Rolaids antacid , and Lubriderm skin lotion , increased 3 % to $ 362 million in the third quarter ; U.S. sales rose 5 % . 
`` And where we are is bad . '' 
Victor C. Benda , 58 , formerly executive vice president , succeeds Mr. Lang as president and becomes chief operating officer , a new post . 
In a nondescript office building south of Los Angeles , human behavior is being monitored , dissected and , ultimately , manipulated . 
During the four-day promotion , shoppers at the Short Hills , N.J. , store lined up to pay for big-ticket items like coats and suits . 
The hard drive , which is the storage device of choice for virtually every desktop computer user , also now will supplement Next 's futuristic optical device if buyers pay full price . 
With the new service , American will fly 161 flights a week to 17 European cities . 
Long-term bonds have performed erratically this year . 
CBS News , which as recently as two years ago fired hundreds of its employees in budget cutbacks , now hires featured actors beginning at $ 2,700 a week . 
Perhaps the biggest challenge , however , will be to prevent a return to its former corporate rigidity as its recovery continues . 
That may not come as a surprise to Americans who have watched the Japanese snap up properties in the U.S. from golf courses to a stake in Rockefeller Center . 
But MCI , of Washington , was displeased with the FCC decision concerning Tariff 12 , arguing that `` AT&T can not be allowed to flaunt FCC rules . '' 
`` Canada has a larger and more beneficial role to play in the hemisphere , '' Mr. Mulroney said recently . 
If foreign tourists and businesses could sell their currencies freely at the new , better exchange rate , that would enable the State Bank to increase its dollar reserves and would mop up some of the excess rubles in the economy at the same time . 
It would be 72%-owned by United Illuminating holders and 28%-owned by current holders of PS of New Hampshire preferred and common stock . 
Morgan Guaranty Trust , Toronto-Dominion Bank and Provident National Bank , an affiliate of PNC Financial Corp. , jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
Royal , which makes and distributes business forms , owns an 8 % stake in Realist . 
It is music for people who want to hear something different but do n't want to work especially hard at the task . 
French consumer prices rose 0.2 % in September from the previous month and were up 3.4 % from a year earlier , according to definitive figures from the National Statistics Institute . 
The chemicals and insurance company said net in the latest quarter was $ 54.8 million , or 45 cents a share . 
Emigration applications soared in 1985 , when Britain and China ratified their accord on Hong Kong 's future . 
In a statement issued after the meeting , the aerospace giant said it wo n't increase its offer although adjustments within the proposed pay-and-benefit mix are possible . 
At its strongest , the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond rose more than a point , or more than $ 10 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Franklin said it expects to report earnings for the latest quarter next week . 
We scribblers quickly concurred that not only was the bad rep of big-time college sports richly earned , but also that it could be corrected . 
One of its wells , in southwestern Oklahoma , is a `` rank wildcat , '' a risky well where oil previously has n't been found . 
When the tremors struck , the region 's largely unseen high-tech fabric held up surprisingly well despite the devastation visible from the air . 
Bofors says it ca n't disclose the names of the middlemen because it would jeopardize industrial confidentiality . 
Stocks are much riskier than Treasury bills , for example , because the range in performance from the best years to the worst is much wider . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6055 , up from $ 1.6030 late Monday . 
Electronic theft by foreign and industrial spies and disgruntled employees is costing U.S. companies billions and eroding their international competitive advantage . 
Separately , a $ 400 million issue of Fannie Mae Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 15 classes by Bear , Stearns & Co . 
Baxter International Inc. yesterday reported net climbed 20 % in the third period to $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , from $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year earlier . 
And the potential market is tremendous , industry experts say . 
The supplement contains various information that has been filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission since Dow Jones launched the offer on Sept. 26 , but it does n't change the terms and conditions of the offer except to extend its expiration date . 
Current IRAs could be rolled over into the new IRAs , but would be subject to tax though no penalty . 
Specifically , he pointed out that compared with the U.S. market , the U.K. has far fewer highly leveraged junk-bond financings . 
Dow Chemical Co. said third-quarter net income slipped 6.8 % from a record year-ago quarter . 
The margin of error for subgroups -- for example , married women with children at home -- would be larger . 
The young leave , especially girls who wo n't milk cows by hand . 
Prices of high-yield , high-risk corporate securities ended unchanged . 
`` The question remains : how much can the West German market absorb ? '' says one senior dealer . 
Leslie Falls Humphries 
According to several people present at the meeting , Mr. Gorbachev also supported the idea of concluding several commercial accords with the U.S. , possibly at his next summit meeting with President Bush . 
Weakening corporate earnings , they say , are no prescription for a bull market . 
`` Climate varies drastically due to natural causes , '' said Mr. Thompson . 
Adults have had access to the only approved antiviral drug since 1987 . 
During the five-year period ended 1986 , roughly 80 % of the names had money tied up in money-losing syndicates , according to Chatset consultants . 
Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.83 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Two big stocks involved in takeover activity saw their short interest surge . 
And unruly crowds at RJR Nabisco Inc. 's booth almost knocked over a glass showcase in the rush to get a free Camel cigarette sticker . 
`` We 've gotten through two stock market crashes , and we 've gone through an election without any major problems , '' says David Hale , an economist of Kemper Financial Services . 
Toyota Motor Corp. 's sales offices in Japan have one-tenth the computers per employee that its own U.S. offices do ; over the next five years , it is aiming for rough parity . 
FORMER CANADIAN AMBASSADOR to the U.S. Allan E. Gotlieb has joined the Philadelphia law firm of Pepper , Hamilton & Scheetz as a consultant . 
Some days the coaches make you feel as though you are part of a large herd of animals . 
The report by the Western government , which declines to be identified , concludes that `` a near-term foreign-exchange payment problem can be avoided only if import growth drops to below 5 % per annum . '' 
The two men are longtime friends and tennis partners , having met about 25 years ago . 
Grupo Desc , a big conglomerate , has long depended on Pemex petrochemicals to produce plastic packing material . 
These and other modern trading methods `` tend to promote dramatic shifts in assets , '' says George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Colgate Palmolive Co. reported third-quarter net income rose 27 % , bolstered by strong sales in its Latin American business and surprisingly healthy profits from U.S. operations . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond gained nearly half a point , or about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Although Philip Morris typically tries to defend the rights of smokers with free-choice arguments , `` this has nothing to do with cigarettes , nor will it ever , '' the spokesman says . 
Stock-market investments also help balance the other assets an individual owns , says John Blankenship Jr. , president of the Institute of Certified Financial Planners . 
Colleagues today recall with some humor how meetings would crawl into the early morning hours as Mr. Dinkins would march his staff out of board meetings and into his private office to discuss , en masse , certain controversial proposals . 
Congress sent to President Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % while revamping the Pentagon budget to move more than $ 450 million from foreign bases to home-state projects . 
Tele-Communications , the U.S. 's largest cable company , said it may seek other cable partners to join in its investment . 
Fidelity Investments , the nation 's largest fund company , said phone volume was more than double its typical level , but still half that of Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
Instead , Richard Haskayne , president and chief executive of Interprovincial 's Calgary-based parent , Interhome Energy Inc. , said the company would prefer to work with other `` interested parties '' on a joint proposal . 
Lead underwriter to the issue is Toronto Dominion Securities Inc . 
He said the market 's volatility disturbs him , but that all the exchange can do is `` slow down the process '' by using its circuit breakers and shock absorbers . 
House Speaker Thomas Foley won $ 510,000 for a project in his district in Washington state , and $ 1.3 million , earmarked by Sen. Daniel Inouye , amounts to a business subsidy under the title `` Hawaiian sugar mills job retention . '' 
Honda Motor Co. shows a more conventional five-cylinder engine in the new Accord Inspire model , which made its debut just this month -- in Japan only . 
Enron Power Corp. , a unit of the Houston natural gas pipeline company , would design , construct and run the plant . 
Along with Nissan , Grand Metropolitan PLC 's Burger King and New York Life Insurance have tied ads to Red Cross donations . 
The company said its integrated steel sector was also hurt by higher raw material , repair and maintenance , and labor costs . 
$ 200 million of 8.85 % certificates backed by automobile loans priced to yield 8.99 % via First Boston Corp . 
Most troublesome is the shrinking pool of `` names , '' the well-heeled investors ( some of them royal ) who , as members of about 360 syndicates , underwrite policies . 
In the multipart offering , the company sold a portion of secured notes but shelved all the unsecured notes . 
Though tiny , that 's a reduction in its share . 
But Mr. Breeden , a 39-year-old securities lawyer , has skirted some of the heftier issues facing the financial markets . 
They have offered bundles of homeequity loans , as well as packages of loans used to buy vacation time-shares . 
The reason is simple , Mr. Wyss says : `` Interest rates almost always decline during recession . '' 
In the nine months , Milton Roy earned $ 6.6 million , or $ 1.18 a share , on sales of $ 94.3 million . 
He will remain chairman . 
Lamson & Sessions , which posted sharply lower third-quarter earnings and forecast that results for the fourth quarter might be `` near break-even , '' fell 1\/2 to 9 1\/4 . 
The daily volume for Treasury Securities is about $ 110 billion . 
Compiled by Publishers Weekly from data from large-city bookstores , bookstore chains and local bestseller lists across the U.S. . 
Exxon 's net income during the third quarter dropped to $ 1.11 billion , or 87 cents a share , from $ 1.22 billion , or 93 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But tremors are likely in the junk-bond market , which has helped to finance the takeover boom of recent years . 
G.D. Searle & Co. , a Monsanto Co. unit , is launching a program to give consumers more information about its drugs when doctors prescribe them . 
The metals segment , hurt by a strike , had break-even results , against $ 3 million a year ago . 
`` All life is about change -- either you adapt or die , '' says one Chicago futures trader . 
`` I ca n't believe it will continue , '' he added , noting that the economies of the country 's major trading partners are strong and prices of U.S. products are still competitive . 
The same jealousy can breed confusion , however , in the absence of any authorization bill this year . 
About 40 Italian businesses , including Fiat S.p . A. and Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. , have formed a consortium to lobby for holding the expo in Venice . 
These days he hustles to house-painting jobs in his Chevy pickup before and after training with the Tropics . 
Corporate Issues 
Quarterly revenue rose 4.5 % , to $ 2.3 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
All of this is what history will note , assuming that events do n't make it seem a bad joke , when the record of this time is put down . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
We are constantly faced with deciding which partnerships { with magazines } we can keep . '' 
Trotting out a much-beloved Streetspeak term , New York Stock Exchange Chairman John Phelan recently declared that history would record the event as only `` a major technical correction . '' 
Some dealers say that Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita 's reassurance that Japanese monetary policy wo n't be changed for the time being has given investors an added excuse to push the yen down even further against the mark . 
Only about a quarter of the respondents said they exercise to lose weight . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1990 to 7.10 % in 2002 . 
`` The system , '' says Nicholas Samengo-Turner , a Lloyd 's broker who left the exchange in 1985 , `` is so ludicrously unprofessional it drives you mad . '' 
The sale of Bloomingdale 's is a condition of efforts by Toronto-based Olympia & York Developments Ltd. to arrange $ 800 million in bridge financing for Campeau , which disclosed last month that its retailing units , Federated Department Stores Inc. and Allied Stores Corp. , were strapped for cash . 
Convertible debentures -- bonds that can later be converted into equity shares -- are the most popular instrument this year , though many companies are also selling nonconvertible bonds or equity shares . 
Because of the recent junk-market turmoil , the fund is considering investing in other issues instead , including mortgage-backed bonds . 
Securities and Exchange Commission Chairman Richard Breeden told a congressional subcommittee that he would consider imposing `` circuit breakers '' to halt program trading at volatile times . 
In 1987 , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters contributed their company 's assets in exchange for a 28 % stake in Barris Entertainment , a small-fry TV production company controlled by Giant Industries Inc. Chairman Burt Sugarman . 
Most of the August decrease was attributed to lower order backlogs in the primary metal and electric and electronics-product industries . 
Mr. Lang said the former Australian owners of Sassy were `` blind-sided by the Moral Majority ... . 
He argued that program-trading by roughly 15 big institutions is pushing around the markets and scaring individual investors . 
So far , the Soviets have provided only the sketchiest information about their technology and business plans . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , First Union shares rose 25 cents to $ 23 . 
The Excalibur , with a castlelike hotel , jousting tournaments and other Arthurian attractions , will be able to handle up to 30,000 visitors a day when it opens in 1990 . 
Its chief builder , Taiwan-born Feng-hsiung Hsu , nicknamed his brainchild `` the Weasel '' for its tactical flair at wriggling out of horrible positions . 
Another hurdle concerns Japan 's attempts to persuade the Soviet Union to relinquish its post-World War II control of four islands north of Japan . 
Bay Financial Corp. , Boston , which has been reporting big losses and warning of a possible bankruptcy-law filing , said it was sued by a holder . 
James L. Madson , 46 years old , was named a vice president and assistant general manager of this producer of copper and other minerals . 
Shareholder equity improved to 4.68 % from 4.23 % in the previous quarter . 
SUGAR : 
But investigators could confirm their theory only after the recent retrieval of a big chunk of Flight 232 's tail engine from a cornfield near the Sioux City Airport in Iowa . 
`` It would now be physically impossible to begin deliveries in 1992 , '' a Hydro-Quebec official said . 
A series of newspaper articles accused the trust of short-changing the government over the Picop sale . 
Although the Bank of England 's tight monetary policy has fueled worries that Britain 's slowing economy is headed for a recession , it is widely believed that Mr. Lawson 's willingness to prop up the pound with interest-rate increases helped stem pound selling in recent weeks . 
More broadly , Mr. Boren hopes that Panama will shock Washington out of its fear of using military power . 
The 57-year-old Mr. Gressette , who was also elected chairman and chief executive of all Scana subsidiaries , succeeds John A. Warren . 
No , but he 's endangered all the same : His new sitcom on ABC needs a following to stay on the air . 
The city 's economy is growing weaker and expenditures are rising as tax revenue is falling . 
Mr. Wall 's deputies complained that they had n't been given an opportunity to respond to the criticism brought out during the Banking Committee 's hearings , which Committee Chairman Henry Gonzalez ( D. , Texas ) has used as a forum to flay Mr. Wall 's handling of the affair and to demand that he step aside from his job . 
Among takeover stocks , Jefferson Smurfit jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 1\/2 after SIBV-MS Holdings said the price to be paid to Jefferson Smurfit 's minority holders has been raised to $ 43 a share . 
Asked about states that are taking a hard line , he said , `` There are states that have asked for additional information , which we are providing to them . '' 
Stop-loss orders are placed previously with instructions to execute them if the market hits a predetermined price . 
Wells Rich Greene , however , in an effort directed by Mary Wells Lawrence , emerged the victor of the review and retained the business . 
In Michigan , where the state Senate is expected to approve parental-consent legislation by the end of next week , Gov. Blanchard is the principal obstacle for anti-abortionists . 
Here you can find Mitsubishi Motors Corp. displaying a `` live fish transporter , '' a truck akin to an aquarium on wheels , and Nissan Motor Co. with its `` keyless '' Boga , whose doors unlock upon recognizing the owner 's fingerprints . 
As a result of the adhesive problem on the Ford Escort subcompacts , windshields may easily separate from the car during frontal impact , the U.S. auto maker said . 
Defections , burnouts , and abduction `` deprogrammings '' kept member turnover high . 
The contract will be based on the three-month Hong Kong interbank offered rate , or Hibor . 
`` It really brings you down to a human level , '' she says . 
The ads have generated some laughs but also plenty of attention because they are so unlike any other U.S. auto advertising . 
`` The city has issued so much supply recently that some people are getting a little concerned . 
The consensus calls for a 0.5 % increase in September personal income and a 0.3 % gain in consumption . 
U.S. makers have under 10 % share , compared with half the market in Europe and 80 % at home . 
He says he told Mr. Guber he could n't sign any documents and that `` the deal , although apparently a good one for him and Mr. Peters , would have a very negative impact on Warner . '' 
Mr. Koskotas is fighting extradition proceedings that would return him to Greece , where he is charged with embezzling more than $ 250 million from the Bank of Crete . 
The buildup is `` making Japan clearly more efficient , more technologically advanced and more competitive , '' declares a Western diplomat in Tokyo . 
The new suitor , Stevric Equity Ventures Inc. , of Mineola , N.Y. , characterized its proposal as the `` first truly independent offer which does not pit one interest group against another within the Arby 's franchisee community . '' 
All the issues were priced at a spread of 37 basis points above the Treasury strips with similar maturities . 
Shareholders will also receive one cent per share for the redemption of preferred stock purchase rights . 
A drive with 120 megabytes of capacity is scheduled for release during the third quarter of 1990 . 
`` The price can not be less than $ 7,000 . '' 
( Rexall Drug Co. vs. Tigue ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. vs. Hymowitz , and Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Hymowitz ) 
His projection indicates profit in the latest quarter of more than $ 17.4 million , or 55 cents a share , compared with $ 15.2 million , or 48 cents a share , a year ago . 
The Better Business Bureau of San Diego and the state Attorney General 's office entered into a settlement stemming from an investigation of bureau-sponsored business directories published by an outside firm , Better Book Inc . 
ARTY FAX from David Hockney begins a tongue-in-cheek exhibit today at New York 's Andre Emmerich Gallery . 
Outokumpu is a mining , trading and construction concern . 
But that has been the key to Compaq 's success , he adds , whereas Dell carved out its market niche as a direct seller of low-cost but reliable computers -- and it might be too late in the game for a shift in strategy . 
While last year 's figure was down from 13.4 % in 1987 and marked the fifth consecutive annual decline in the poverty rate , the Census Bureau said the 1988 drop was n't statistically significant . 
One old building , the Golden State Bank Building on Front Street , had its yellow brick facade sheared off by the shock of the quake , leaving a wedge of its third floor open to the air , while piles of dusty bricks tumbled to the street below narrowly missing rush-hour pedestrians and cars . 
Meanwhile , a federal jury found Mr. Bilzerian guilty on securities fraud and other charges in June . 
Stock prices , meanwhile , posted significant gains in later trading and closed down by only 3.69 points on the day . 
Jeffrey Coors , 44 years old , had been president since 1985 , when he succeeded his father Joseph in the job . 
The 10-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
The Democratic leadership agreed to allow a floor vote on the issue before the end of the year -- a debate certain to focus on the alleged racial inequality of death sentencing . 
The move by the financial information and services subsidiary of Citicorp is a `` response to changing conditions in the retail securities industry , which has been contracting '' since October 1987 's stock market crash , the executive added . 
The club plans to show nerdy movies , such as `` Real Genius , '' in which physics whizzes pop corn with lasers ; and naturally , the `` Revenge of the Nerds , '' a tale of college males with runny noses and ill-fitting pants . 
That reflects the huge drop a week ago Friday , last Monday 's rebound and the dips and blips that followed . 
Insurance companies are rushing to sell before the end of the year , when some of their tax benefits associated with municipal bonds will be phased out . 
Bay , which has substantial investments in the floundering Massachusetts market , reported a loss of $ 62 million , or $ 15.97 a share , for the fiscal year ended June 30 . 
The decision was announced after trading ended . 
And some investors at Fidelity and elsewhere even began buying stock funds during the day . 
Part of the problem some Europeans have with Turkey seems to stem from its location -- Turkey is n't really part of Europe . 
Israel has launched a new effort to prove the Palestine Liberation Organization continues to practice terrorism , and thus to persuade the U.S. to break off talks with the group . 
The other half of its portfolio is expected to remain invested in Treasury bills for the time being . 
By increasing the number of PCs it uses from 66 to 1,000 , Omron Tateishi Electronics Co. , of Kyoto , hopes not only to make certain tasks easier but also to transform the way the company is run . 
International Signal & Control , Lancaster , Pa. , a defense-equipment manufacturer , was bought by Ferranti in 1987 for # 420 million ( $ 670.3 million ) . 
The Ford issue , through Ford Credit 1989-A Grantor Trust , was priced at a yield spread of 95 basis points above the Treasury 7 3\/4 % issue due July 1991 . 
In the first eight months of 1989 , imports grew 21 % , to $ 38.32 billion , down slightly from a growth rate of 23 % a year earlier . 
And thousands of Afghan children have been taken to the Soviet Union , where they are hostage for the behavior of their families . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 9\/16 % one year . 
More recently , some former Quebecor executives started their own printing company , specializing in printing and distributing advertising circulars . 
Says another lawyer : `` The practice of law is a matter of biting one 's lip when you live in a small community . 
The recent appearance of aflatoxin in such foods as corn and peanut butter has sparked public concern and consumer scrutiny of food handling and storage procedures . 
A&W Brands lost 1\/4 to 27 . 
If it is a case in which the client seeks punitive damages , for example , depressed , underemployed people are far more likely to grant them . 
In the case of stock-index and interest-rate futures , the instruments are given an underlying cash value and are settled in cash . } 
The latest research pact bolsters Du Pont 's growing portfolio of investments in superconductors . 
But Mr. Breeden already has shown an eagerness to run the SEC his way . 
IBM 's push is also unusual in its approach to marketing . 
But in introductory material for the campaign , the trade group urges members to `` arm '' for a `` revolution '' against big , out-of-state bank-holding companies . 
Institutional building , such as hospitals and schools , eased in September following a surge in August . 
Charles R. Simpson Jr. , 46 , president and chief operating officer , will assume the chief executive 's post . 
But increasing volatility in the sector has exhausted investors who try to follow its dips and swings . 
For a long time , he ignored baseball altogether , even the sports pages . 
Earlier this year , DPC Acquisition made a $ 15-a-share offer for Dataproducts , which the Dataproducts board said it rejected because the $ 283.7 million offer was not fully financed . 
It also is considered critical to the country 's efforts to both attract other investment from Taiwan and raise heavy industry capabilities . 
Short-term rates also were mixed . 
Takeover speculation , which has been buoying stocks of supply houses , may also ease , says Peter Sidoti , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
But does it have to be so soon ? 
Tuitions at private colleges rose 154 % in the 10 years ended in June of this year ; that 's twice the 77 % increase in consumer prices for the same period . 
An adjudicator system -- that is , an investigator who acts first as a fact-finder and then switches hats and arbitrates the facts -- has such advantages as speed , flexibility and maximum privacy . 
Expects to be fully operational early next week . 
It would be sad for Mr. Gonzalez to abandon them to appease his foes . 
Spooked investors , despite their stampede to dump takeover stocks , should hold on tight to their Jaguar shares . 
But now , an official says , he is `` surrounded by right-to-lifers , '' who contend that any breakthroughs in fetal-tissue research could increase the demand for abortions . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
`` We expect next year to be a fairly soft year in newspaper-industry advertising , '' said John Morton , an analyst for Lynch , Jones & Ryan . 
However , less optimistic attorneys warned that because of the tangle of numerous defendants and plaintiffs with overlapping claims , there is always the possibility that the talks will again fall apart . 
We believe interest rates will continue to trend lower , and the economy will slow around the world . '' 
The merger would create Scandinavia 's seventh largest bank , with combined assets of 210 billion Norwegian kroner ( $ 30.3 billion ) . 
Five officials of this investment banking firm were elected directors : E. Garrett Bewkes III , a 38-year-old managing director in the mergers and acquisitions department ; Michael R. Dabney , 44 , a managing director who directs the principal activities group which provides funding for leveraged acquisitions ; Richard Harriton , 53 , a general partner who heads the correspondent clearing services ; Michael Minikes , 46 , a general partner who is treasurer ; and William J. Montgoris , 42 , a general partner who is also senior vice president of finance and chief financial officer . 
Despite continuing problems in its newsprint business , Kimberly-Clark Corp. posted a 20 % gain in third-quarter net income . 
Because of Integrated 's widely reported troubles , the unit 's representatives had been requesting a name change . 
But Mr. Luzon contends that the experienced team he brought with him from Banco Bilbao Vizcaya , where he was formerly director general , will whip the bank 's capital market division into shape by the end of 1992 . 
For example , a spokesman for Advanced Micro Devices said the Sunnyvale chip maker is worried about blackouts . 
Still other projects that have been announced but not yet started could put expenditures above $ 3 billion over the next few years . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.50 % 60 days ; 8.45 % 90 days . 
The head trader of Chemical Banking Corp. 's interest-rate options group has left the company , following valuation errors that resulted in a $ 33 million charge against its third-quarter results . 
Many analysts question management 's credibility . 
Meanwhile , some legal observers say the Tele-Communications investment and other developments are weakening Viacom 's antitrust suit against Time . 
While judges have an obligation under the First Amendment to safeguard freedom of the press , `` the right to deliberately alter quotations is not , in my view , a concomitant of a free press . '' 
These research protocols offer to the patient not only the very best therapy which we have established today but also the hope of something still better . 
To be economically feasible , the 11 billion Canadian dollar ( US$ 9.37 billion ) project requires almost a doubling of natural gas export prices . 
If the ship fails to arrive , those per-share earnings estimates could be trimmed 15 cents or more . 
The judge dismissed the suit and ordered Mr. Maynard 's company to pay over $ 100,000 in legal fees to the defendants ' lawyers . 
But then again , mailing less and smarter wo n't be much help if the mail ends up in the garbage anyway . 
x - There were 9 selling days in the most recent period and 9 a year earlier . 
The DAX dropped 19.69 points Friday to 1462.93 . 
`` That 's something they can do very well . 
But there was little selling pressure , and even small orders at the lower levels sufficed to bring the market back to Friday 's opening levels . 
Still , says John Sullivan , a management recruiter with Daniel Roberts Inc. of Boston , who has held senior sales positions at Polaroid and Atari : `` The customer will react to strength . 
We did n't stampede into it , we slithered and slipped down the long slope , and now we have as its quintessential symbol a former president huckstering for a foreign poohbah . 
Assistant U.S. Attorney Terry Hart of Dallas says the government will oppose any efforts to bring in a new defense team because it would delay a retrial . 
Other opponents of Filipino come from non-Tagalog regions . 
The European Community Commission has imposed provisional anti-dumping duties on imports of South Korean small-screen color-television sets . 
`` It 's no longer enough to beat the guy down the street . 
Great American said it increased its loan-loss reserves by $ 93 million after reviewing its loan portfolio , raising its total loan and real estate reserves to $ 217 million . 
But its thirdquarter earnings rose to 26 cents a share from 18 cents a share last year . 
`` Our decision had nothing to do with any pressure Mr. Welch received , '' Mr. Carpenter said . 
In the recent Upper House and Tokyo metropolitan congressional elections , in which the Socialist Party won a runaway victory , 60 % of all women voted , as opposed to the usual 40 % . 
It was down a little . 
Critics contend that traders were putting buying or selling for their own accounts ahead of other traders ' customer orders . 
The Credit Lyonnais purchase , for 33,000 regular common shares and 10,000 newly created shares , is valued at about slightly more than 80 million French francs . 
Inside the 156,000-square-yard glass exhibition complex , products ranging from clothing to AK-47 machine guns are on display . 
That is , he is being compelled to put them on the market too soon , and has already gotten offers that are less than he paid for some of the art works . 
Ms. Garratt 's assets and liabilities were n't disclosed . 
Mr. Evans told the board he needed the weekend to think about it . 
`` Those who are on the other side can hardly oppose alternative funding if they continue to insist on calling themselves ` pro-choice ' rather than ` pro-abortion , ' '' says Mary Spaulding , the group 's associate state legislative coordinator . 
Under a merger agreement reached Sept. 14 , the UAL board agreed to reimburse certain of the buy-out group 's expenses out of company funds even if the transaction was n't completed , provided the group did n't breach the agreement . 
A recent indictment alleges that some floor brokers at the two largest Chicago commodity exchanges used market orders to fill customers ' orders at unfavorable prices by arranging trades with fellow brokers . 
Mr. Maynard claims this is a manageable problem . 
He was later shown on television , fielding questions . 
She ran it the length of the South Gardens riverfront , blotting out the city 's great natural water features , the harbor and the river . 
Because of the business-like manner in which the Bank goes about development , financial markets have confidence in it . 
Viacom said it also restructured bank debt under a $ 1.5 billion unsecured bank agreement that offers significant interest rate savings . 
But most lawyers accept that the marketplace has spoken . 
Mark Schoeppner , portfolio manager at Pittsburgh-based Quaker Capital Management , says that in reaction to nervousness about debt-laden buy-out transactions , analysts and investors now appear to be `` valuing stock based on future earnings as opposed to the amount of debt the company can support . '' 
Power generation had higher sales but lower earnings ; the company cited factors including work on certain low profit-margin contracts from previous years . 
In 1986 , in another consent agreement with the SEC , Mr. Holmes was enjoined from violating the stock-registration and anti-fraud provisions of the securities laws . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8400 marks , up from 1.8353 marks late Wednesday , and at 142.10 yen , up from 141.52 yen late Wednesday . 
But here is where the entrepreneur made a very risky bet , and where society was maybe foolish to look the other way . 
Lately , analysts say , Deutsche Bank has shocked some in the French financial community by indicating it wants a strong bank with a large number of branches . 
Their views on health care and welfare did n't much matter , though HHS spends billions a year on both . 
Thus , the leverage has amplified the funds ' portfolio losses . 
I mean it is a normal adult relationship . 
Indeed , according to West German government sources , he was one of the leaders in the power struggle that toppled Mr. Honecker . 
`` Campeau has too much debt . '' 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery dropped $ 3.10 to $ 374.70 an ounce in moderate trading . 
But the percentage of your cash reserve that you can borrow tax-free is very small . 
Not mentioned were the 50,000 people rendered homeless , and the more than 200,000 out of work for an indeterminable period ; the $ 1 billion-plus in losses to homes and personal property on the barrier islands ; the near - and long-term impact on the state 's largest industry , tourism , not to mention the human suffering . 
What I 'm trying to say to people is , it 's proper to worry about program trading , but it 's only a piece of the business . '' 
That compares with 58 % of the similar age group in the 1980 through 1982 surveys and 55 % in the 1972 through 1975 surveys . 
An incinerator is also probably better than having nobody next door -- on our farm there are four unoccupied houses . 
The government offered a reward for the return of the antiquities , but routine police work led to the recovery . 
Analysts say USAir stock might lose four or five points if the Steinhardt stake was dumped all at once . 
Though Judge Keenan threw out most of Mrs. Marcos 's objections , he agreed with one of her concerns : that turning over the foreign documents could violate the defendant 's constitutional right against self-incrimination . 
Salomon Brothers was among the largest sellers of stock-index futures last week , traders said . 
Here she has the aid of her longtime associate Jeff Helpern , whom she appointed Trinity 's first-ever musical director and whom she equipped with a spanking new $ 60,000 sound system and recording studio . 
Western Union Corp. took steps to withdraw its proposed debt swap for $ 500 million in high-interest notes and said it is looking at other alternatives for refinancing the debt . 
A New York Stock Exchange arbitration panel ordered Dean Witter to pay $ 404,294 in back bonuses to William Kelly , the company 's former head of high-yield , high-risk junk-bond trading and sales . 
The complaint , filed in federal district court , accuses Imperial and other defendants of issuing false and misleading financial data . 
Similar proposals were defeated in at least 15 other states . 
Like all Americans seeking chronic prosperity , I do find it necessary to plunge certain funds into conservative monetary tools , if only to assuage my father-in-law , who believes in such things . 
Some scientists have suggested that comets and asteroids may have brought enough of this kind of material from the outer solar system to Earth to spawn life . 
Early in October , six Arab nations in the Persian Gulf jacked up prices sharply . 
Mrs. Allen is a senior editor of Insight magazine . 
In 1960 , for example , when Mr. Noriega was both a cadet at an elite military academy in Peru and a spy-in-training for the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency , he was detained by Lima authorities for allegedly raping and savagely beating a prostitute , according to a U.S. Embassy cable from that period . 
NATIONAL SEMICONDUCTOR CORP. , Santa Clara , semiconductor maker , annual sales of $ 1.65 billion , NYSE , said it had no major structural damage at its 30 Bay-area buildings , but two workers were injured . 
That 's good news for marketers of walking shoes . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 7\/16 % one year . 
But he said it wo n't climb further and he expects it to remain in a trading range between $ 1.10 and $ 1.25 . 
Michael Deaver , the former White House aide , has become the most recent addition to the teeming ranks of fallen politicians and officials earning their way as lobbyists and consultants here . 
I 'm enjoying my life and who I am today . 
This has led them in a fruitless and destructive policy circle . 
But with its stake in Jaguar , which it raised yesterday to 11.95 % , Ford could convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge holders to vote to drop the restriction sooner . 
Because the stock prices of some paper companies already reflect an expected profit slump , PaineWebber 's Mr. Ross says he thinks that next year the share prices of some companies may fall at most only 5 % to 10 % . 
It reflects values of a generation that wants more time for families and personal interests , says John H. Moxley III , who directs physician-executive searches for Korn\/Ferry International . 
Years ago , he collaborated with the new music gurus Peter Serkin and Fred Sherry in the very countercultural chamber group Tashi , which won audiences over to dreaded contemporary scores like Messiaen 's `` Quartet for the End of Time . '' 
The machines , which at $ 12,500 are inexpensive by medical standards , have n't been approved in the U.S. for marketing as brain stimulators but are sold for stimulating nerves in the hand , legs and other non-brain areas . 
Here are the seasonally adjusted changes in the components of the Labor Department 's consumer price index for September . 
Complying with these is enough to make business owners look forward to their own pension days . 
Stephen A. Wynn , who owns 29.4 % of Golden Nugget 's shares , says the Mirage and other projects will help Las Vegas attract a whole new generation of visitors . 
The year-earlier periods do n't reflect results of the company 's Woodstream Corp. unit , acquired last January , but include some Canadian operations that were sold at the end of 1988 . 
BANKAMERICA Corp. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue of $ 10.2 billion , NYSE , yesterday had no power at its headquarters , 80 of its 433 Northern California branches were closed and 250 of 750 automatic teller machines were closed in the area . 
But James Madison refuted that argument in one of the most celebrated political treatises ever written , No. 10 of the Federalist Papers . 
But sponsors might not pick the stocks that will match the market . 
I wish he could wear lifts in his voice . 
Indeed , Mr. Phelan said that if stock-market volatility persists , the U.S. may lose its edge as being the best place to raise capital . 
Moreover , much of the investment boom is in high-tech fields in which Japanese companies have only limited foreign competition ; so , more investment practically assures more exports . 
Western tourists in the Soviet Union who could exchange a dollar -- albeit illegally -- for about four rubles a year ago are now being offered 15 rubles or more . 
Excluding the gain , P&G 's earnings were close to analysts ' predictions of about $ 1.40 a share for the quarter . 
Abraham Lincoln Federal Savings Bank sank 4 to 13 1\/2 after announcing a shakeup that will change senior management and reorganize the bank 's mortgage business as a separate unit . 
Two other men also were charged with participating in the operation . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % to 8 5\/8 % two months ; 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
Norwood has made `` no detailed plans , '' but it has engaged in talks with other shareholders , the filing said . 
`` This is virgin territory , unclaimed , and it 's going to be nasty , '' said one observer , who asked not to be named . 
The nine months include $ 125 million of royalty income , up from $ 98 million last year . 
`` We 're shocked by it , because it 's worked so fast , '' said Dr. Thomas E. Starzl , director of the University of Pittsburgh Transplantation Program , at a news conference here yesterday . 
Mr. Dell attributed the earnings slide to new product delays , such as a laptop scheduled for September that wo n't be introduced until early November . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
A Guinness spokesman declined to comment . 
Abandoning socialism means abandoning the East German state 's reason for existence , and with it the justification for its watchdogs and its Wall . 
Congress would have 20 days to reject the package with a 50 % majority , but then a President could veto that rejection . 
IBM says it considers its shares a good investment . 
When they do hit , they hit fast , '' says David A. Wyss , chief financial economist at the Data Resources division of McGraw-Hill Inc . 
One thing is certain , however : Mr. Corry , while studying other options , probably wo n't make a major move until he 's clear about Mr. Icahn 's intentions . 
He found that monetary crime losses , as a proportion of gross receipts , were 37 times higher for small businesses than for large ones . 
For its part , NIH insists that its guidelines `` should not stifle research creativity or technology transfer from the research laboratory to commercial use . '' 
Early yesterday , bonds rose as investors rushed to buy Treasury securities on the prospect that stocks would plummet in the aftermath of the massive California earthquake . 
Indeed , although a majority of Republican lawmakers favor a line-item veto , some , ranging from liberal Oregon Sen. Mark Hatfield to conservative Rep. Edwards are opposed . 
Says Ms. Raines , `` ( The judgment ) confirms our concern that the absence of patent lawyers on the court could prove troublesome . 
The issue is rated triple-A by S&P , Moody 's and Fitch Investors Service Inc . 
Messrs. Baker and Bennett have been elected directors of Wachovia and Wachovia Bank & Trust filling vacant seats on both boards . 
Mr. Conway was executive vice president and chief investment officer of Union Central Life Insurance Co. , of Cincinnati , in 1987 , when Union Central bought a 54 % interest in Manhattan National Corp . 
An acquisition accounted for half the sales rise , TRW said . 
Qintex Australia has n't disclosed its borrowings , but analysts estimate the company 's debt at A$ 1.2 billion . 
And last week , people close to Saatchi said Maurice Saatchi and his brother , Charles , would lead a buy-out if a hostile bid emerged . 
While I was standing on the lawn with Mame , waiting for another tremor , I noticed that all the earthworms were emerging from the ground and slithering across the lawn ! 
Advertising agencies and other service companies are exempt from city and state sales tax in most locales -- but the exemption comes at a price of exhaustive records and rigorous reviews . 
Last month , Saab-Scania Chief Executive Georg Karnsund said his company has had talks with Fiat about a broader alliance . 
In September 1987 , it ordered LTV to reassume liability and funding for the three original plans . 
`` Productivity in Japanese offices is relatively low . '' 
The CFTC plans to curb dual trading on commodities markets , in which traders buy and sell both for their own account and for clients . 
PNC Financial cited higher income from sources unrelated to interest and said it continues to cut costs . 
The 1989 Americans With Disabilities Act is about eliminating discriminatory barriers . 
Net income at Sears 's Dean Witter Financials Services group , meanwhile , rose nearly 32 % to $ 35.7 million , reflecting improvements in its basic stock brokerage and Discover credit card businesses . 
Yes Clothing Co. , proposed initial offering of 776,470 common shares , of which 600,000 shares will be offered by the company and 176,470 by holders , via Seidler Amdec Securities Inc . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
`` He does n't want to lead the people , '' says Richard Traynor , president of New Jersey Right to Life . 
Intertan jumped 2 1\/4 to 56 7\/8 . 
Indeed , many senior officials had been insisting for weeks that Mr. Bush was n't interested in such an informal get-together . 
Among the targets of the Big Board companies ' campaign will be some corporate pension funds that use program-trading strategies to maximize returns on their investments . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Apogee said a subcontractor had severe cost overruns and was unable to fulfill the contract terms on its own , making it necessary for Apogee to advance cash to ensure completion of the project . 
A soluble form of the receptor might turn off a specific part of the immune response without general immune suppression , the company said . 
( True , the Mexican government has granted `` control '' over the airline to a new private consortium , but its propensity to take back what it gives is too well known to permit one to be sanguine . ) 
But observers expect broad support . 
`` Those kinds of issues always keep coming back , '' says Robert Beckwith , who manages the Illinois Chamber of Commerce 's small-business office . 
Management Horizons forecasts a 1.4 % profit decline for non-auto retailers this year , after annual drops that averaged 4.5 % in 1988 and 1987 . 
Within a matter of weeks , less-conservative magazines reported that members of the ruling LDP had received much larger donations from pachinko organizations . 
Congress would be required to make a hard decision , and Congress would much prefer to leave the hard decision to the Fed and retain its rights of complaint after the fact . 
That brought a chain reaction in the industry . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 410,000 bid , $ 425,000 asked . 
Monday , MCI announced a $ 27 million multiyear contract with the investment bank Stuart-James . 
New Jersey 's Paper Mill Playhouse produced this faithful revival of America 's most influential musical , written by Jerome Kern and Oscar Hammerstein and first produced on Broadway in 1927 . 
Its plan is set up as an independent agency . 
He said Mr. Denlea would be a member of the top management team of the Axa-Midi group of companies , and would `` help define policies and strategies of the group . '' 
Other temperature data show similar unexplained swings . 
It 's also unnecessary . 
He said the current market `` is all about sentiment , and the sentiment in London is 90 % anxiety and worry . '' 
Mr. Ittleson is executive , special projects , at CIT Group Holdings Inc. , which is controlled by Manufacturers Hanover Corp . 
Ms. Foster 's indulgence is nothing like the oily , hour-long rubfests enjoyed by spa visitors . 
As a result , the Japanese people did n't know what to expect when the new law was introduced on April 1 . 
`` Most people do just the opposite : They sell their winners and keep their losers . '' 
One difference , he said , is that the fourth quarter has significantly fewer workdays because of holidays and the hunting season . 
In May , Mr. Brierley 's stake shrank to 8.7 % after ranging between 9 % and 11 % for much of the previous year . 
`` People see activity in there , and the next thing you know , you 've got a haunting , '' he says . 
Mellon Bank Corp. said directors authorized the buy-back of as many as 250,000 common shares . 
TVA , which operates one of the nation 's largest electric power systems , is a corporation owned by the federal government . 
SAFEWAY STORES INC. , Oakland , retail food chain , annual sales of $ 13.6 billion , some structural damage to headquarters and no power ; major problems transporting products to those stores that remained open ; no numbers on how many stores closed . 
It was the first time in 20 years that such government bills were defeated . 
The central bank had ordered BNL to come up with a suitable program by yesterday . 
While UAL faltered , AMR , the parent of American Airlines , pulled out of its recent nosedive by rising 3\/4 to 74 . 
Having exhausted all modern aids to fertility , Linda and Michael decide to adopt . 
Hardly a day passes without news photos of the police dragging limp protesters from some building or thoroughfare in one of our cities . 
Democrats hoped that Mr. Dinkins could become a highly visible national leader . 
Ramada 's previous plan was derailed by upheaval in the junk-bond market that hindered the offering of $ 400 million in high-yield securities of Aztar Corp. , the new company that will operate Ramada 's casinos in Nevada and Atlantic City , 
Tass news agency said the devaluation also will apply to foreigners ' transactions . 
Even if it unites for the elections , its coherence is likely to be temporary . 
`` It 's not the end of the world if you shake them up a little bit . '' 
`` And we do n't have internal controls and discipline that we need to have to spend $ 5 billion properly . '' 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.8 % last week to 1,828,000 tons from 1,843,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
Ms. Hall expects Cathay 's profit to grow around 13 % annually this year and next . 
But as you may know , things are not going well for Violetta . 
The changes in the office layout illustrate Mr. Breeden 's stance as the nation 's top securities regulator . 
Sales for the nine months were up 8 % to $ 5.44 billion from $ 5.04 billion in the same period in 1988 . 
William C. Stuart III 
`` The Beginning and the End , '' easily the best of the three , belongs to Mr. Mahfouz 's `` realistic '' period and it is the one for which he is most renowned . 
The Nationalists withdrew in 1950 , after their flight to Taiwan , and the Communist government in Beijing applied for restoration of China 's membership in July 1986 . 
The 1988 figures were restated to include the results of Lorimar Telepictures Corp. , which Warner acquired in January . 
Just when American liberalism had pulled the arms plug on the Contras and their friend Ronald Reagan , along comes Mr. Ortega in Costa Rica this weekend to `` blunder '' into the hands of what are often called conservatives . 
Taxes are not going out of business . '' 
In a related matter , Peter Black , president of consumer brand Minwax , was named group vice president for the household products operating group . 
Mr. McDonough responds : `` I 'm asking people to broaden their agendas . '' 
Varity has proposed to acquire K-H Corp. , consisting of the auto parts division and some debt of Fruehauf Corp. , for $ 577.3 million of cash and securities . 
Mr. Sanford was told Mr. Noriega 's friend , Mr. Wittgreen , would be handling the shah 's security . 
Prescription-drug world-wide sales rose 9 % in the quarter to $ 340 million ; U.S. sales rose 15 % . 
On top of that , the Blue Bell , Pa. , concern took a $ 230 million charge related to the layoffs of 8,000 employees . 
California State University 
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey this year found that most consumers switch brands for many of the products they use . 
Last month , Polly Peck posted a 38 % jump in pretax profit for the first half to # 54.8 million from # 39.8 million on a 63 % rise in sales . 
An NEC spokeswoman responds that prices are higher in Japan because customers put a greater emphasis on quality and service than they do in the U.S. . 
An official linked the gain essentially to higher prices for beef and pork . 
Floor traders said there was a huge crowd around the Big Board specialist 's post where UAL trades . 
The company also said it privately placed stock and warrants in exchange for $ 750,000 . 
The Japanese are neglecting the opportunity to synthesize a new corporate culture based on a fusion of the best aspects of both national cultures . 
The Pentagon 's strategists produce budgets that simply can not be executed because they assume a defense strategy depends only on goals and threats . 
Her recent report classifies the stock as a `` hold . '' 
Eventually little French farmers and their little French farmwives came out of their stone houses and put their hands above their tiny eyes and squinted at us . 
The government predicts that annual outflows will level off over the next few years at as much as 60,000 -- a projection that is widely regarded as unrealistically low . 
But then it was acquired by Household International Inc . 
A June 1988 article in Mother Jones magazine is typical of the general level of media ignorance . 
Perhaps an arrangement could be worked out to `` sponsor '' El Espectador journalists and staff by paying for added security in exchange for exclusive stories . 
Borrowers ' incentives are equally skewed . 
Unfortunately , the author simply does n't supply the philosophical frame to sustain his reportorial talents . 
But State Department officials accuse Israel of leaking questionable claims to embarrass the U.S. . 
If these assumptions hold , voters in races for Congress face what in economic theory is called a prisoner 's dilemma and have an incentive , at the margin , to lean Democratic . 
Mr. Ishiguro 's ability to create a fallible narrative voice that permits him to explore such intertwining domestic , cultural and political themes was abundantly clear in his previous novel , `` An Artist of the Floating World , '' set in Japan after the war . 
Mr. Noriega did n't suffer from any hesitation once he had the pistol . 
The Senate will probably vote not long afterward . 
The index finished 2.4 % under its close of 2233.9 the previous Friday , although it recouped some of the sharp losses staged early last week on the back of Wall Street 's fall . 
Also , the TW offering includes interest-deferred and pay-in-kind securities , which are currently unpopular . 
`` Developments like this are hard to predict . 
In fact , a sister company , Daewoo Shipbuilding and Heavy Machinery , plans to build 240,000 minicars by the mid-1990s . 
The theory is that the stadium , damaged by Tuesday 's earthquake , will be repaired by then , and that people will be able to get there . 
Industry assets as of Aug. 31 were $ 1.31 trillion , the lowest since August 1988 . 
Whatever may be the problems with this system , it scarcely reflects `` zero risk '' or `` zero discharge . '' 
Still , stock-index funds are expected to continue launching big programs through the market . 
The reason : overload , especially of non-subscription magazines . 
`` We do n't feel we can use { the devices } routinely in surgery yet , but we 're getting close , '' says Dr. Levy , who is now with the University of Pittsburgh . 
Corporate finance and trading results in member countries of the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development were `` relatively flat , sometimes choppy , '' the bank said , and profit for the area sank 27 % . 
Often the genteel , conservative , long-term-oriented investment bankers were displaced by crude traders : `` When angered , he cursed so forcefully that his face reddened and his pale-blue eyes narrowed into tiny slits , '' the authors say of Lehman 's Lewis Glucksman . 
Georgia-Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa helped drive the Dow Jones Industrial Average up 41.60 points , to 2645.08 , in active trading . 
Brooks Brothers says business is robust at its 30 outlets in Japan and two shops in Hong Kong . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 3.13 billion from $ 2.94 billion . 
The poll showed that company size had a bearing on a manager 's view of the problem , with 65 % of those in companies of more than 15,000 employees saying stress-related problems were `` fairly pervasive '' and 55 % of those in companies with fewer than 4,000 employees agreeing . 
They say they now get three or four `` legitimate '' calls a week from people harried by haunts . 
Mr. Grobstein 's appointment formalizes a role he has been performing since the merger , a spokeswoman said . 
One takeover expert noted that arbitragers could force a recapitalization through the written consent process under which holders may oust the board by a majority vote . 
Mr. Schneider of Bear Stearns says he is recalculating the worth of the company 's assets and , in the meantime , is sticking to his `` buy '' recommendation on the belief that he will find `` values '' of 30 a share . 
`` Who can make the better decision , the guy who has 10 seconds to decide what to do or the guy with all the time in the world ? '' he says . 
Such a statute illustrates the fundamental problem : Congress finds it is easier to pass sweepingly moralistic prohibitions , which the courts must thereafter interpret , than to engage in the difficult line-drawing distinctions that are inherently its responsibility . 
Presidio Oil Co. said it signed a definitive agreement to acquire Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. 's U.S. unit for $ 163 million . 
The company said its junk-bond portfolio after these moves had been reduced to less than 1 % of assets . 
Those rates are up from 7.52 % and 7.50 % , respectively , at last week 's auction . 
Meanwhile , orders are being routed through Kingsford Products unit in Louisville , Ky. , but computer problems mean they must be processed manually . 
In a less glamorous field , Akzo is the world 's biggest producer of industrial salt , used as a raw material for the chemical industry as well as for such tasks as melting ice . 
National Environmental also said it will move its headquarters from Hingham to Folcroft , Pa. , the site of its sludge dewatering facility . 
Generali , Italy 's biggest insurer , last month offered 5,500 lire a share for the Nuovo Banco stake held by Banco Popolare di Milano , the bank 's largest shareholder , which announced plans to sell the holdings earlier this year . 
Ocean Drilling said it will offer 15 % to 20 % of the contract-drilling business through an initial public offering in the near future . 
In addition , the regime has established well-paid paramilitary forces totaling more than 100,000 , including 35,000 Soviet-trained troops of the Interior Ministry ( KHAD\/WAD ) , which still is directed by 1,500 Soviet KGB officers . 
It is based on the stocks that make up Standard & Poor 's 100-stock index . 
The combined value of daily equity trading on the New York Exchange , the American Stock Exchange and the NASDAQ over-the-counter market ranges between $ 7 billion and $ 10 billion . 
A spokesman cited a `` technical error '' and declined to elaborate . 
The fear Congress has of any line-item-veto test led Members to add the single most contorted and ridiculous provision this year , `` This section shall be effective only on Oct. 1 , 1989 . '' 
11:54 p.m . 
In other comments , he said takeovers may not always be the most efficient way of securing a change of corporate direction or strategy . 
Moreover , the U.S. can expect more competition from low-cost producing Pacific Rim and Latin American countries . 
It claims the Coast Guard failed to chart the rock and refuses to pay damages . 
On a percentage basis , Germany Fund Inc. led the gainers , leaping to 67,972 shares from three shares . 
The danger that Ms. Bogart seems to be courting here is one of obfuscation rather than rejuvenation , a vision so at odds with the playwright 's that the two points of view nullify , rather than illuminate , each other . 
Initial interest rate set at 0.375 point over three-month Libor . 
Mrs. Thatcher has to come to terms with European economic integration , beginning with the European Monetary System , which Britain is committed to joining fully someday . 
It 's hardly astonishing ( given the men 's track record ) that Sony wants Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters . 
AMERICAN BRANDS Inc. , Old Greenwich , Conn. , said it increased its quarterly 11 % to 68 cents a share from 61 cents , payable Dec. 1 to stock of record Nov. 10 . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The view of some others in Big Oil , he maintains , `` is very much { similar to } Amoco 's outlook . '' 
That was followed by three months at the Aetna Institute in Hartford , where she was immersed in learning how to read and interpret policies . 
The move by IBM was n't exactly a surprise . 
Chinese officials said armed police would replace soldiers in Tiananmen Square as part of a scaling down of Beijing 's five-month-old state of emergency . 
U.S. oil supplies , however , had peaked in 1970 and 1971 and by 1973 were declining . 
Analysts peg the dollar 's recent weakness to an underlying slowdown in the U.S. economy , highlighted by recent economic data , particularly a surprisingly sharp widening in the August U.S. trade gap . 
Mesa Airlines said the takeover offer it received earlier this week from StatesWest Airlines is for a combination of cash and securities valued by StatesWest at $ 10 a Mesa share . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
It can be hard for a salesperson to fight off feelings of discouragement . 
And the egg producers have done a pretty good job . 
A Boise-Cascade spokesman referred to a speech by Chairman John Fery , in which he said that markets generally are stable , although some risk of further price deterioration exists . 
Weisfield 's rocketed 9 1\/2 to 39 after the jewelry store operator said it is in preliminary discussions , with a party it would n't identify , regarding the possible acquisition of the company . 
The announcement seemed to further damp prospects that talks between Qintex Australia and MGM\/UA might be revived . 
Mr. Percival will be succeeded on an interim basis by George Kadonada , US Facilities chairman and president . 
On the contrary , office rubdowns usually take place in dimly lighted conference rooms , where stressed-out employees relax in specially designed chairs , fully clothed . 
Ownership , it seems , is the best fertilizer . 
Predictions for limited dollar losses are based largely on the pound 's weak state after Mr. Lawson 's resignation and the yen 's inability to strengthen substantially when there are dollar retreats . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals because their credit quality was poor , '' says a bank spokesman . 
The government , campaigning against fixed brokerage commissions , promptly sued the CBOE over its minimum-fee system . 
`` Batibot '' lacks the polish of `` Sesame Street . '' 
MCI Communications Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 750 million of debt securities via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , and Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Most recently he had been executive vice president for planning and finance at Texas Air . 
As it turns out , the board has a lot of important members , including Winton Blount ( former postmaster general of the U.S. ) , Mrs. Henry Gaisman ( widow of the inventor of auto-strop razor ) and Vincent Murphy ( an investment banker at Merrill Lynch & Co . ) 
So this year , the airlines are getting a jump on holiday discounts . 
The company said it expects to receive acceptances for its offer of 253 pence ( $ 4.05 ) per share representing at least 67 % of Ross Catherall 's issued share capital , or 12.7 million ordinary shares . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
Some components of the American church had their budgets cut in half last year and again this year . 
Increasingly , the financial markets are reflecting the gloom . 
Still , Westinghouse acknowledges that demand from independent producers could evaporate if prices for fuel such as natural gas or oil rise sharply or if utilities , which have been pressured by regulators to keep down rates , are suddenly freed to add significant generating capacity . 
But he does expect `` a muffler dragger '' of an economy , with `` very slow growth , maybe one quarter of no growth at all . '' 
Marietta , Ga . 
`` If those two banks are there , then the balance of the banking institutions will be there , '' says Mr. Gilmore , the Securities and Futures Commission official . 
Chairman Edward L. Hennessy Jr. said that a drop in sales of auto and truck parts contributed to lower earnings in the automotive unit . 
Sen. Lloyd Bentsen ( D. , Texas ) was outraged after a private word to John Motley , lobbyist for the National Federation of Independent Business , resulted in a news release saying that the Senate Finance Committee chairman would recommend repeal of Section 89 . 
Father McKenna moves through the house praying in Latin , urging the demon to split . 
`` It raises questions about more deep-seated problems , the budget deficit and the trade deficit and the seeming lack of ability to come to grips with them . '' 
The Federal National Mortgage Association offered $ 1.2 billion of Remic securities in three issues , and the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. offered a $ 250 million Remic backed by 9 % 15-year securities . 
A banking department spokesman added : `` Commissioner Brown does n't feel that money alone is the issue here . '' 
At Lloyd 's of London , underwriters still scratch out policies using fountain pens and blotting paper . 
Joseph P. Jordan , 52 years old , becomes president , chief executive officer and a director of the bank company . 
12:15 a.m . 
In other action yesterday , the high court : 
Ask Tommy Lasorda ; thin is in . 
I feel about Sassy like I did about Working Woman 10 years ago . '' 
The Navy awarded Litton Industries Inc. 's Ingalls Shipbuilding division $ 15.5 million for shipyard services on the Aegis cruiser program . 
Under a proposed two-step amalgamation involving share swaps , ABM Gold Corp. , a gold exploration and management company , will merge with Neptune Resources Corp. , United Gold Corp. and Inca Resources Inc . 
Revenue slipped 4.6 % to $ 835 million from $ 876 million . 
But then steady , concentrated buying by Bear , Stearns & Co. , which frequently buys stock for corporate raiders , took hold and steadied the fall in UAL , which eventually buoyed the entire market . 
Industry analysts suggest that the conquest of Falconbridge could vault Trelleborg from a regional Scandinavian success story to a world-class mining concern . 
It does n't have to be a disaster . 
`` Red Delicious has been overplanted , and its prices have dropped below the cost of production , '' says Washington State 's Mr. Norton . 
Though she opposes abortion in almost all cases , she airs a TV commercial using pro-choice buzzwords . 
Maybe , maybe not . 
Those changes in its condition meant the reorganization plan previously presented to creditors would have to be revamped . 
That may be difficult , the Jaguar chairman acknowledged , `` when you have somebody else breathing down your neck . 
Another benefit is that substantial percentages of the proprietors in these centers are minority businessmen and women . 
`` Every day we 're getting new bid lists '' from would-be sellers , one trader said . 
The company is exploring , with a major financial institution , the development of a plan to boost the value of the company for its holders , Mr. Ruskin said . 
After all , gold prices usually soar when inflation is high . 
But even that group knows some people do n't use their machines as much as they should . 
Mr. Simonds-Gooding said the additional financing may leave British Satellite owned by about 20 investors , including Australian entrepreneur Alan Bond , whose nearly 36 % stake would be reduced to as little as 20 % . 
Durable goods orders for September , due out tomorrow , are expected to show a slip of 1 % , compared with August 's 3.9 % increase . 
When consumers have so many choices , brand loyalty is much harder to maintain . 
Miami-based Carnival said the first of the three ships is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean . 
Mr. Gonzalez expressed concern over a report that the two had been summoned to Washington by Mr. Wall last week to discuss their testimony in advance . 
The downturn also raises questions about the carriers ' ambitious orders for new airplanes , which currently total $ 32.5 billion over the next three years . 
The state is protected when plans and designs for public structures were approved ahead of time or when structures met previously approved standards , says Mr. Covert . 
Now , annual population growth is running at about 2 % a year , some desert tracts bought three years ago for $ 90,000 an acre are being sold at $ 25,000 an acre and Phoenix has a seven-year supply of unoccupied office space . 
The new chip `` is a very big step in computing , and it is important that Olivetti be one of the first out on the market with this product , '' said Patricia Meagher Davis , an analyst at James Capel & Co. in London . 
The five-year issue was priced at a spread of 43 basis points above the Treasury 's comparable note . 
Indeed , institutions already are taking note . 
He declines to go into specifics . 
Data Resources ' Mr. Wyss added that he will be keeping a closer eye than ususal on October chain-store sales . 
In another compartment called the Linden Bosque , 62 linden trees were to be crowded together at killing intervals of 10 or 16 feet . 
Ogilvy & Mather in Chicago , a unit of WPP Group PLC , will handle the advertising account and syndication . 
America 's financial markets do not yet have all the required modern features required to make them fully `` aftershock-resistant . '' 
This is just not so . 
For the third quarter , Warner 's $ 106 million loss compared with a year-ago loss of $ 113 million , or 90 cents a share . 
Beneficiaries aged 65 through 69 will be able to earn $ 9,360 without losing any Social Security benefits in 1990 , up from $ 8,880 this year . 
`` The membership warehouse-club concept has great potential , '' the company 's chairman , Joseph E. Antonini , said in a statement . 
`` I 've been struggling against that for years , '' says Jonathan Rodgers , who runs WBBM-TV , the CBS-owned station in Chicago . 
Banking stocks were the major gainers Monday amid hope that interest rates have peaked , as Deutsche Bank and Dresdner Bank added 4 marks each to 664 marks ( $ 357 ) and 326 marks , respectively . 
`` If you have both { labor } groups on strike , you 've got no revenue and that 's a very scary thing for a bank to be looking at . '' 
Otto Wichterle , a Czech , invented them in 1962 . 
Although an Imperial spokesman said the company had n't yet been served with the derivative suit , he reiterated the company 's statement that it would vigorously defend itself against the class-action suit . 
The legal fight was the subject of a Wall Street Journal story yesterday . 
East Germany , it is clear , is no Poland , where the Communist Party now shares power with the democratically elected Solidarity union . 
For example , what exactly did the CIA tell Major Giroldi and his fellow coup plotters about U.S. laws and executive orders on assassinations ? 
Its bid : one yen , or less than a U.S. penny . 
Instead of lobbying for special treatment , Mr. Allen said that homosexuals and others should try to ensure equal treatment under the law and not aim for special privileges that would risk `` invidious retrenchment with government complicity . '' 
`` With the decline in stock prices and continued low or stable interest rates , stocks are representing a better value all the time , '' Renaissance President Frank W. Terrizzi said yesterday . 
Piggybacking on government assertions that General Electric Co. may have covered up fraudulent billings to the Pentagon , two shareholders have filed a civil racketeering suit against the company . 
`` This is the heyday of debt , '' says James Grant , editor of Grant 's Interest Rate Observer , a newsletter . 
`` As that wanes , you 're going to see the stocks probably wane as well , '' he says . 
Storehouse gained 2 to 
But other rake makers have their doubts . 
Its effectiveness ca n't be determined until a large clinical trial is undertaken by the Army in January , according to Robert Redfield , chief of acquired immune deficiency syndrome research at Walter Reed Army Institute of Research . 
The vaccine , however , causes allergic reactions that can be fatal . 
Soo Line said its board appointed a special committee of independent directors to study the proposal . 
Instead , he said that the purpose is simply for the two to get `` better acquainted '' and discuss a wide range of issues without a formal agenda . 
They grew up with more brand choices than any generation and have shown less allegiance so far . 
Reuben Mark , chairman of Colgate-Palmolive Co. , said he is `` comfortable '' with analysts ' estimates that third-quarter earnings rose to between 95 cents and $ 1.05 a share . 
Folks in the Midwest who just suffered a mid-October snowstorm may wonder where the greenhouse was when they needed it , but let 's not be flippant about grave risks . 
It plans to sell 1,700 units in 1989 . 
The breezes are soft , the waves lap gently and the palm trees sway lazily . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
In races for the White House , a voter 's incentive , at the margin , is to lean Republican . 
At an estimated $ 360 million , the project would represent the single largest foreign investment in the Philippines since President Corazon Aquino took office in February 1986 . 
Notably , one of Mr. Krenz 's few official visits overseas came a few months ago , when he visited China after the massacre in Beijing . 
`` It was a healthy cleansing , '' says Michael Holland , who runs Salomon Brothers Asset Management in New York . 
Brady and Breeden work well together on the plunge , despite the fact that the Treasury secretary opposed Breeden 's nomination to the SEC post . 
Swedish Export Credit Corp . ( Sweden ) -- 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Johnson & Johnson shares fell 37.5 cents to $ 54.625 . 
Rockwell International Corp. 's Tulsa unit said it signed a tentative agreement extending its contract with Boeing Co. to provide structural parts for Boeing 's 747 jetliners . 
`` It is n't a real boom holiday season in our eyes , '' says Woolworth Corp. Chairman Harold E. Sells , `` but it is n't going to be a bust either . '' 
The Giants scored once and had runners on second { Whitey Lockman } and third { Clint Hartung } as Bobby Thomson advanced to the plate . '' 
When she is n't performing for an audience , she prepares for a song by removing the wad of gum from her mouth , and indicates that she 's finished by sticking the gum back in . 
But the figures reinforced the view of many private analysts that the improvement in the U.S. trade deficit has run out of steam . 
Life is particularly nerve-racking for companies that had planned to go public this week . 
`` For a member of the Rothschild family , the return to Frankfurt is a very meaningful event , although it might not mean as much to German banking as it means to us , '' says Baron David de Rothschild , Elie 's younger cousin and a partner in Rothschild & Cie . Banque in Paris . 
And in addition to the $ 5,000 , he has promised the winner a `` My Favorite Bureaucrat '' plaque and offered each of two runners-up $ 500 . 
John R. Wilke contributed to this article . 
The travel , investment services , insurance and banking concern added $ 110 million to reserves for credit losses at its American Express Bank unit , boosting the reserve to $ 507 million as of Sept. 30 . 
`` It was a very nervous day , '' said John Geary , partner of the Big Board specialist firm Ziebarth , Geary . 
Fund managers said Friday 's profittaking was a natural result of the week 's `` abnormal fever '' in buying real estate , shipbuilding , steel and construction shares . 
Last year , for example , Avalon and others invested $ 14 million in Athena Neurosciences Inc. , South San Francisco , Calif. , to license and develop technology for delivery of drugs to the brain . 
A serious charge -- that star flanker Irving Fryar `` threw '' the 1984 Orange Bowl game by intentionally dropping a pass in the end zone -- is included , even though the Nebraska assistant coach quoted denied making it . 
Republicans especially want a guarantee from the House leadership that they 'll get an up-or-down vote on the bills . 
Its shares added 3\/4 to 30 3\/4 . 
That plan would provide a 30 % exclusion to assets sold over a 2 1\/2-year period ending Dec. 31 , 1991 . 
On Friday , Mr. Safer , a Newark , N.J. , textile businessman , signed a confidentiality agreement under which United Merchants would provide him with nonpublic information . 
But operating a U.S. department-store chain would be very difficult , '' says Motoyuki Homma , managing director of the international division at Mitsukoshi Ltd. , one of Japan 's leading department stores . 
The acquisition `` gives us additional production capacity for the food service coffee business and a stronger distribution network , '' a P&G spokesman said . 
Jacobs Engineering Group Inc. 's Jacobs International unit was selected to design and build a microcomputer-systems manufacturing plant in County Kildare , Ireland , for Intel Corp . 
Mr. Utsumi said the most the ministry had ever done was ask Japanese banks about `` the status of their participation '' in one previous U.S. leveraged buy-out . 
Since then , prices have slumped , to an average of $ 395,374 this summer . 
Under Superfund , those who owned , generated or transported hazardous waste are liable for its cleanup , regardless of whether their actions were legal at the time . 
Mr. Palmer , who serves as president of the On-Site Massage Association and writes an industry newsletter , says some 4,000 practitioners -- out of about 50,000 certified masseurs across the country -- now use massage chairs in the workplace , as well as on street corners , in airports and malls , and at conventions and other gatherings where weary people can be found . 
`` The New Crowd '' by Judith Ramsey Ehrlich and Barry J. Rehfeld ( Little , Brown , 444 pages , $ 19.95 ) , describes the displacing of the old `` our crowd '' Jewish Wall Street banking grandees by such new business barons as Saul Steinberg , Carl Icahn , Sanford Weill and Bruce Wasserstein . 
Randy Delchamps was named chairman and chief executive officer of this grocery chain . 
Government Contractors 
In a speech to the Mortgage Bankers Association , Mr. Kemp broke the administration 's public silence on the Fed and complained that `` interest rates are too high . '' 
For the nine months ended July 31 , Bank Building had a net loss of $ 1 million , on revenue of $ 66.5 million . 
`` The biggest problem we have is that investors realize , after the fact , that they did n't understand what they were investing in . '' 
Next Spring , the two will battle in local elections . 
Imports , on the other hand , leaped 6.4 % to a record $ 41.18 billion . 
Time to sell , says Mr. Schlesinger . 
The expansion , which could cost as much as US$ 5.7 billion over the next eight years , will expand the fleet to about 43 planes by 1991 , up from 30 at the end of last year , according to Sun Hung Kai Securities Ltd . 
Perhaps Mr. Reagan , who claimed that air pollution is caused by trees , is the man you should be quoting to back up your position that economics is more important than the Earth . 
White , 24 years old , a singer in her church choir , she symbolizes a generation that gave its heart and its vote to Ronald Reagan . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.50 % . 
Trinova third-quarter loss after a charge for a planned restructuring , which will include the closing or downsizing of about 25 % of its plants and a work force cut of about 1,500 over three years . 
Hudson 's Bay Co. announced terms of a previously proposed rights issue that is expected to raise about 396 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 337 million ) net of expenses . 
Their combined stake consists of 880,500 CACI common shares , including 86,500 shares bought in the past 60 days at $ 2.3125 to $ 2.4375 a share . 
On a $ 10,000 investment , that 's a difference of only $ 50 a year . 
Istat said 369,000 more people were employed in July than in April . 
HealthVest said two of its lenders have given it notices of default on bank loans and said they may take actions to recover their loans . 
Dictaphone went ahead and introduced the pico in 1985 , but it has n't sold well . 
Sidley will maintain its association with the Hashidate Law Office in Tokyo . 
Earnings per share were 10.35 kronor compared with 5.80 kronor . 
NTT lost 30,000 yen to 1,380,000 yen ( $ 9,756 ) . 
Bonds issued by Kroger , Duracell , Safeway and American Standard also showed big gains , recovering almost all their losses from Friday and early yesterday . 
At a nearby corner , they swerve perilously close to a listing apartment house , oblivious to any danger . 
MC SHIPPING Inc. , New York , declared an initial quarterly of 60 cents a share payable Nov. 15 to shares of record Oct. 30 . 
EMPIRE PENCIL , later called Empire-Berol , developed the plastic pencil in 1973 . 
Giovanni Agnelli & Co. , which was formed in January 1987 as a way of keeping the Agnellis ' controlling stake in Fiat together despite an ever-growing family tree , has been playing a more active role in the Agnelli group of late . 
The golden share dates from Jaguar 's public offering in 1984 and was designed to protect the company from takeover . 
Delta Air Lines fell 1 7\/8 to 67 7\/8 , USAir Group dropped 3\/4 to 40 1\/4 , Southwest Airlines dipped 1\/2 to 25 and Alaska Air Group slid 3\/8 to 24 1\/4 . 
The debentures , callable at par in five years , were priced at a yield spread of about 86 basis points above the Treasury 10-year note . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
`` Seems to '' because it 's possible that the CIA and the National Security Agency were more interested than they let on to Mr. Stoll . 
GET RID OF THE DOGS . 
The No. 2 auto maker 's new Thunderbird and Mercury Cougar models have n't met sales expectations in the year since they were introduced , and Ford 's trucks are losing ground to their GM rivals . 
In late 1986 , he made an offer he thought the U.S. could n't refuse . 
A K mart spokesman said the acquisition would be financed with short-term borrowings . 
At the time , Genentech had only one profitable year behind it ( a modest $ 116,000 on revenue of $ 2.6 million in 1979 ) and no product of its own on the market . 
Mr. Keating raised $ 20,000 for Rep. Doug Barnard 's 1986 re-election campaign while the Georgia Democrat was taking his side against regulators who wanted to curb risky investments and wholesale deposit brokering . 
Sales in the latest quarter were $ 8.59 billion , up 9.4 % from $ 7.85 billion . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Nevertheless , he deems the deal `` plain smart '' for its huge promotional value . 
Until that happens , glasnost can not begin to deserve the kind of credibility Mr. Shevardnadze was bidding for with his confessions on Monday . 
American Brands Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 13 % , reflecting strong gains in its tobacco and distilled spirits businesses . 
She has been on the move almost incessantly since last Thursday , when an army of adjusters , employed by major insurers , invaded the San Francisco area to help policyholders sift through the rubble and restore some order to their lives . 
Ms. Vidunas has been seeing some 15 clients a visit since the program was started at Heinz last year . 
Mr. Fukuyama , peering through binoculars at the end of history , said in his essay that `` the class issue has actually been successfully resolved in the West ... 
Stelco said it has an option to lease a 350,000-square-foot building in Brantford and proposes to spend 24.5 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 20.9 million ) on the facility . 
In 1941 , Raeder and the German navy threatened to attack the Panama Canal , so we created the Southern Command in Panama . 
The question , as many people see it , is how long such uncertainty will last . 
On the campaign stump , he often points out that he was the only Board of Estimate member to vote against a controversial real-estate project at Manhattan 's Columbus Circle . 
The project has already acquired a certain New York cachet . 
By contrast , the Japanese have proved adept at making use of Soviet inventions . 
For instance , salesmen may counter a man 's objection that he wants to discuss an investment with his wife by asking , `` Who wears the pants in your family ? '' 
Connecticut Housing Finance Authority -- $ 132,620,000 of housing mortgage revenue ( AMT and non-AMT ) bonds , via a PaineWebber group . 
Pockets exploded with one-yen coins . 
Compared with huge annual surpluses of more than 100 million ounces in the first half of the 1980s , world silver supplies and consumption are now nearly in balance , Mr. Demler says . 
For October so far , daily volume is averaging 150.3 million , putting it on track to be the year 's busiest month . 
Inflation-adjusted social benefits would ensure that the poor and elderly do n't suffer unduly . 
Mr. Lloyd said if Qintex had defaulted it could have been required to repay $ 92 million in debt under its loan agreements . 
Time is expected to mount a legal challenge in U.S. District Court in New York , where Viacom in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit charging Time and HBO with monopolizing the pay-TV business and trying to crush competition from Showtime . 
HUNGARY ADOPTED constitutional changes to form a democratic system . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
Mr. Guber says he had crossed out `` MGM '' with a red pen and written in `` Columbia , '' giving the document to Mr. Semel . 
Prof. Arbel urges investors to discard stocks in small companies . 
Another longtime ally , Phil Bakes , currently heads Eastern , now in Chapter 11 bankruptcy proceedings . 
In a modern system , the government 's role is to give the people as much choice as possible and to keep them well informed so they are capable of making a choice . 
Senate Minority Leader Robert Dole ( R. , Kan. ) , for one , accepts this argument and earlier this year publicly urged Mr. Bush `` to use the line-item veto and allow the courts to decide whether or not it is constitutional . '' 
In an apparent attempt to keep a lid on short-term interest rates , the Fed once again pumped money into the banking system . 
In his climb to the top , Mr. Dozen also headed the company 's stock-exchange division , its fixed-income units and its international operations . 
And more recently , he insisted on signing a five-nation agreement intended to disarm Nicaragua 's U.S.-backed Contra rebels faster than the Bush administration would prefer . 
According to East Germany 's ADN news agency , Mr. Krenz spoke to Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev by telephone over the weekend and acknowledged East Germany could learn from Moscow 's glasnost policies . 
They also wanted to prevent a NATO training base being built in the region , he said . 
It valued the transaction at $ 800 million . 
The outlook on both federal bills is uncertain , especially remembering the 1987 defeat . 
Amoco also sharply boosted natural-gas output , part of it from properties acquired from Tenneco Inc. last year . 
Two weeks later -- perhaps in retaliation -- Mr. Ortiz was shot three times in the back , during what police classified as a third robbery attempt . 
Fees 1 7\/8 . 
`` Nothing has happened since we signed the contract to undermine our conviction that Hydro-Quebec was the lowest-cost , most environmentally acceptable choice for meeting a part of our customers ' energy needs through the year 2020 , '' said Central Maine senior vice president Donald F. Kelly . 
The latest results include a $ 2.6 million one-time payment from a `` foreign entity . '' 
With 700 branches in Spain and 12 banking subsidiaries , five branches and 12 representative offices abroad , the Banco Exterior group has a lot to offer a potential suitor . 
That was n't always the way the Reagan administration handled such matters . 
Chemex Pharmaceuticals Inc. -- 1,200,000 units , via PaineWebber . 
EMPLOYEE MANUALS : 
The Department of Housing and Urban Development prepared to make as many as 100 vacant houses available for those left homeless , the Agriculture Department was set to divert food from the school-lunch program to earthquake victims , and the Pentagon was providing everything from radio communications to blood transfusions to military police for directing traffic . 
`` The Fed wo n't be stampeded into easing , '' Mr. Logan said , predicting that for now , interest rates will stay where they are . 
`` Arby 's is n't for sale , '' said Renee Mottram , senior vice president at DWG . 
In another report yesterday , the Commerce Department said sales of new single-family houses plunged 14 % in September to an annual rate of 618,000 from 719,000 in August . 
Crown Resources Corp. said it reached a definitive agreement to acquire the Gold Texas Resources Ltd. shares it does n't already own . 
`` Without some unexpected `` coup de theatre '' , I do n't see what will block the Paribas bid , '' said Philippe de Cholet , analyst at the brokerage Cholet-Dupont & Cie . 
Second , the World Bank 's recent $ 75 billion capital increase -- $ 14 billion from the U.S. -- has left the IMF feeling less than first fiddle among international financial institutions . 
It was further helped by Ford , which announced after London 's close that it had raised its stake to 12 % from just under 11 % on Tuesday . 
Typically , banks offer CD yields higher than those on Treasury bills , which are considered the safest short-term investments ; banks need a competitive edge to sell their products . 
They would both give part of their combined $ 50 million in common equity in SCI TV to holders of SCI TV 's $ 488 million of junk bonds , as a carrot to persuade them to accept new bonds that might reduce the value of their claims on the company . 
Today , the pixie-like clarinetist has mostly dropped the missionary work ( though a touch of the old Tashi still survives ) and now goes on the road with piano , bass , a slide show , and a repertoire that ranges from light classical to light jazz to light pop , with a few notable exceptions . 
But there 's no danger of exposing sources and methods in disclosing the debate running up and down Pennsylvania Avenue . 
A United Steelworkers spokeman said Lynn Williams , the union 's president , was out of town . 
Twenty years later , two California academics , Stanley Cohen and Herbert Boyer , made `` recombinant '' DNA , transplanting a toad 's gene into bacteria , which then reproduced toad genes . 
First Boston Corp. is advising L.J. Hooker on the sale of the Merksamer business . 
CRESTMONT FEDERAL SAVINGS & LOAN ASSOCIATION ( Edison , N.J. ) -- 
Revenue rose to $ 403 million from $ 368.4 million . 
On the other hand , high-priced shares such as Pioneer Electronic and Sony failed to spark investor interest because these issues are unlikely to be bought by investment trust funds , observers said . 
Western Union had offered to swap each $ 1,000 face amount of the notes for six shares of common stock and two new debt issues : a $ 500 note paying an interest rate starting at 16.75 % annually and rising in later years , due in 1992 , and a $ 500 note , due in 1997 , paying a fixed rate of 17 % and including rights protecting a holder against a decline in the trading price of the bond . 
2 . In seeking approval of a TRO , the prosecutor must articulate any anticipated impact that forfeiture and the TRO would have on innocent third parties , balanced against the government 's need to preserve the assets . 
If excess capacity develops , they say , not everyone will suffer . 
The Montvale , N.J. , unit said the new operating structure `` creates a more focused and responsive organization geared to effectively managing the size and scope of the unit 's current business . '' 
Local service revenue increased 3.5 % and directory and unregulated business revenue jumped 9.5 % . 
Meanwhile , the photographic industry , which accounts for 44 % of silver consumption , continues to look for substitutes . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Tribune closed at $ 49.375 , down $ 4.75 . 
Beheading small children , stabbing elderly people to death , raping and shooting women , and burying people alive are just a few of the grisly activities that the Somali armed forces have been engaged in over the past two years . 
IBM will face an uphill climb against Digital , given Digital 's reputation for being better than IBM at hooking together different manufacturers ' computers . 
Raw-steel production by the nation 's mills decreased 0.7 % last week to 1,816,000 tons from 1,828,000 tons the previous week , the American Iron and Steel Institute said . 
Meanwhile , the company is operating with two separate pilot groups and seniority lists , and that is costing Federal `` a big number , '' says James Barksdale , executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
As a result , Mr. Telzrow said he cut his fiscal 1990 per-share earnings estimate for Tandy to $ 4.05 from $ 4.20 . 
Notes , which is designed for advanced computers that display graphics , allows mail senders to put different logos on their mail . 
She added that the company was considering bringing sanctions against Mr. Greenfield for making `` grossly inaccurate and unsupported allegations . 
Mr. Thompson believes the case for working together is stronger now than ever . 
He adds , `` I think it was a fairly decent call . '' 
Steel shares fell back after advancing for three days . 
In sum , the biases ennumerated above indicate a 0.7 percentage point understatement in growth of total real GNP . 
When the Supreme Court upheld Missouri 's abortion restrictions last July , the justices almost certainly did n't have drunk driving , trespassing and false imprisonment on their minds . 
El Al director Rafi Har-Lev and top officials of the Soviet Union 's Aeroflot negotiated a preliminary pact in Moscow this week , the spokesman said . 
As for the current period , Mr. Gumucio said , `` We anticipate that fourth-quarter revenue and earnings will be substantially greater than any of the preceding three quarters , but not up to the record levels of last year 's fourth quarter '' when Cray earned $ 88.5 million , or $ 2.80 a share . 
She said it was too early to say what would happen to its clients , including Reebok and Apple . 
General Electric Capital Corp. 's Monogram Bank USA acquired a Visa and MasterCard portfolio from Commercial Federal Savings & Loan Association , an Omaha , Neb. , unit of Commercial Federal Corp. of Omaha . 
Moreover , `` there 's no question ad rates will come down considerably '' from the GM-Toyota price , says Arnold Chase of Bozell Inc . 
Analysts at several brokerage firms lowered their 1989 and 1990 earnings estimates on the company after its third-quarter results proved disappointing . 
A state appellate court reinstated the 1987 convictions of Pymm Thermometer Corp. and two of its executives on charges of assault for exposing workers to toxic mercury vapors . 
What 's more , the losses they and the others caused `` are just what we are stumbling over , '' says Mr. Stapf , adding that the majority of misdeeds probably go undetected . 
London share prices closed modestly higher largely on technical factors , although the market was underpinned near the end of the session by Wall Street 's firmer trend . 
But others said pico should proceed . 
This month , the Food and Drug Administration expressed concern that Americans might someday , in various forms , ingest too much psyllium . 
Time Warner said its cable division turned in a 77 % increase in operating cash flow , to $ 166 million from $ 94 million , reflecting higher per-subscriber revenue . 
`` Any fool can publish a money-losing magazine . 
Half the amount that the investment tables suggest might be a good goal , he adds . 
Federal revenues rose 9 % to $ 990.79 billion . 
The computer can process 13.3 million calculations called floating-point operations every second . 
`` It is an effort to branch out from the government , which is very difficult for a defense contractor . '' 
One in 1981 raised to $ 2,000 a year from $ 1,500 the amount a person could put , tax-deductible , into the tax-deferred accounts and widened coverage to people under employer retirement plans . 
Prices fell through levels regarded as important support areas , which added to the selling . 
Georgia-Pacific 's advisers are Wasserstein , Perella & Co. , which stands to receive a $ 15 million fee if the takeover succeeds , and the law firm of Shearman & Sterling . 
Although GM has U.S. approval to buy up to 15 % of Jaguar 's stock , it has n't yet disclosed how many shares it now owns . 
`` The average American watches seven hours of TV a day . 
There are n't any such listings for asset-backed securities . 
But it was neither deep nor lasting : light entertainment that was no substitute for an evening of Brahms . 
Ever since the hotly contested America 's Cup race last year , the famous yachting match has run into more rough sailing out of the water than in it . 
To try to combat the traffic slowdown , airlines started reducing fares ; average fares rose only 1.7 % in August , in contrast to increases of 16 % each in February and March . 
Tucson Electric closed at $ 20.875 a share , down 25 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The $ 7.81 billion of six-month Treasury bills were sold with an average discount rate of 7.50 % , the highest since the average of 7.60 % at the Oct. 10 auction . 
Western Gas System Inc. , initial offering of 3,250,000 common shares , of which 3,040,000 shares will be sold by the company and 210,000 by a holder , via Prudential-Bache Capital Funding , Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
At the GOP convention last year , he again came out for an amendment with exceptions for rape , incest and life endangerment . 
Despite the pledge by the Communist rulers , tens of thousands of people across the country staged marches over the weekend to demand democratic freedoms . 
That came to a combined $ 37.7 million under the $ 300-a-share buy-out , but just $ 21.3 million at yesterday 's close . 
Although some of the study 's recommendations resemble those of similar projects , the makeup of the task force was unusually diverse , adding significance to the effort . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 17.01 points to 2596.72 in active trading . 
Mr. Wathen , who started his career as an Air Force investigator and worked as a security officer for several large companies , built his California Plant Protection from a tiny mom-and-pop security patrol firm here in the San Fernando Valley . 
Soon all hell broke loose . 
If all you want is death-benefit coverage , pure insurance -- a term policy -- gives you maximum bang for your buck , within limits . 
The previous sale was $ 436,000 on Oct. 17 ; the last time prices were that low was November 1985 , when a seat sold for $ 425,000 . 
The bonds are rated single-A by Moody 's and single-A-plus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
I suggest your reporter see Charleston next spring in its full glory . 
Meanwhile , Sir James still is pursuing efforts to gain U.S. insurance regulators ' approval for a change in control of B.A.T 's Farmers Group Inc. unit . 
But at just that moment , he is interrupted in his office by a servant in tuxedo who pours coffee from silver into a cup of china and dabs the brim with linen . 
Although the polyester and rayon markets remain mostly bleak , Akzo has high hopes for some emerging fiber businesses , such carbon fibers and aramid , extremely strong fibers used to reinforce tires and metals and to make such products as bullet-proof vests . 
Price Stern Sloan Inc. said it hired an investment banking firm to assist in evaluating restructuring or merger alternatives and reported a net loss of $ 8.1 million , or $ 2.14 a share , for the third quarter ended Sept . 
Developing an executive-model range would mark a major departure for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
The Mahatma , or `` great souled one , '' instigated several campaigns of passive resistance against the British government in India . 
He admits he has no story on any of them on these occasions . 
Three A.D.L. inventors applied April 6 , 1973 , for the patent , which was assigned and awarded in 1976 to Hasbro Industries , then Eagle 's parent . 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 1.52 billion from $ 1.48 billion . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests but before extraordinary items climbed 27 % to # 143.4 million from # 112.5 million , with earnings per share rising to 85.1 pence ( $ 1.35 ) from 79.4 pence ( $ 1.26 ) . 
`` I think they 'll be able to move faster to make acquisitions in Texas , '' said Brent Erensel , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
Publishing reported operating profit was $ 33.3 million , nearly flat with the year-before $ 33 million . 
As a result , the Dow Jones Industrial Average drifted in narrow ranges in the final hour of trading , and closed 5.94 higher to 2689.14 . 
In October 1988 , there were 40,800 fewer employed by government programs . 
A computer failure delayed its earnings announcement , and some investors think it might have extra costs to repair damaged telephone lines . 
Mr. Dillow said the data show the economy `` is still quite strong , '' but suggestions that much of the spending went on services rather than consumer goods should reduce fears of more import rises . 
( NYSE ; Symbol : TW ) 
They root among the designer offerings at Neiman-Marcus and Bullocks Wilshire . 
At the others , there are going to be a lot of disappointments , after all those promises and all that big money that 's been paid to people . '' 
Carol Cable , which operates 12 manufacturing plants , had operating profit of $ 11.7 million on sales of $ 153.3 million for the first six months of this year and operating profit of $ 25.6 million on sales of $ 294.6 million for all of 1988 . 
And if that happens , the entire process of transferring technology to the marketplace could be harmed , they say . 
By Richterian standards , the show that the Oakland Athletics put on Friday and Saturday nights , in putting a mercifully swift end to the game 's Longest Short Series , rated somewhere between a 10 and an 11 . 
Occasionally , all that 's needed is a little coaxing . 
`` They ought to be able to do this . '' 
No power , minimal phones , and a mess of mayonnaise , wine , and everything else all over the floors of the big old general store and the People 's Co-op . 
Last Friday , he told the staff of Ms. that the magazine in January would begin publishing without advertising . 
`` This seed 's not grown anywhere else in India , or anywhere else in the world , '' says T.V. Krishnamurthy , a vice president of Procter & Gamble India Ltd. , a major psyllium buyer and promoter . 
He said the transaction was made for investment purposes . 
The start of a weeklong conference by the IG Metall metal worker union in Berlin is drawing attention to the impending wage negotiations , which could boost companies ' personnel costs next year , they said . 
Under Mikhail Gorbachev 's perestroika , the Soviets have sought economic ties all over the world , including new export markets . 
`` That is consumer issues . '' 
But WCRS added that `` in the light of the current uncertainty in the equity markets , '' it has arranged medium-term debt financing , which would be underwritten by Samuel Montagu & Co. Ltd . 
It blames most of these on Fatah . 
`` What he really wanted to know was about a particular company , but you did n't know that . 
The move is a setback for Bush , who needs Democratic support to pass a capital-gains cut in the Senate . 
PaineWebber repeated a buy recommendation on the stock and raised its 1990 earnings estimate by 35 cents a share , to $ 5.10 . 
Mr. Jordan of GM , meanwhile , still criticizes Japanese styling . 
AMR , which owns American Airlines , rose 3 3\/8 to 72 1\/4 ; USAir Group fell 1 1\/2 to 38 5\/8 , and Delta Air Lines rose 1\/2 to 66 1\/2 after posting higher earnings for the September quarter . 
Those companies are paying the price for taking the risk . '' 
And the controversy has led to uncertainty about the outcome of the election . 
The Thoroughbred Owners and Breeders Association , a Lexington , Ky.-based trade group , has launched `` seminars '' for `` potential investors '' at race tracks around the country . 
The Robertson Stephens Index of 340 emerging growth stocks is up 23.1 % for the year through Friday . 
At Merrill Lynch & Co. and Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , they are `` financial consultants . '' 
The stock of UAL Corp. continued to be pounded amid signs that British Airways may balk at any hasty reformulation of the aborted $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines ' parent . 
`` The key to Delta 's record earnings continued to be excellent passenger revenue growth , '' said Thomas Roeck , chief financial officer . 
The usual maneuver is to borrow against the portfolio value or issue preferred stock , using the proceeds to buy additional bonds . 
Many clothiers , especially Ralph Lauren , have cashed in on the recent popularity of updated Ivy League and English styles . 
We understand such rueful wisdom must be retrospective : The owl of Minerva only spreads her wings at dusk . 
In California , Bank of America dropped the yield on both six-month and one-year `` savings '' CDs to 8.33 % from 8.61 % . 
Ratners and Weisfield 's said they reached an agreement in principle for the acquisition of Weisfield 's by Sterling Inc . 
However , a spokeswoman for BankAmerica Corp. said yesterday 's absenteeism at the bank holding company was no greater than on an average day . 
`` Mr. Lortie felt less pertinent , '' Mr. Nadeau said , given the decision to dump Provigo 's non-food operations . 
But Western Union has said it must lower the interest rate on its debt to regain full financial health . 
The comic book will cost about $ 2 . 
Wall Street securities giant Salomon Inc. posted a big , unexpected earnings gain in the third quarter , buoyed by its securities trading and investment banking activities . 
Lilly is building plants to make the insulin in Indianapolis and Fagershein , France . 
Conner already is shipping its new drives . 
The baseball commissioner announced that the third game of the World Series between the Giants and the Athletics would n't resume until Friday . 
Matra S.A. reported its 1989 first-half profit soared 88 % , and indicated that its previous estimate of a 50 % rise in earnings for all of 1989 will be exceeded by a wide margin . 
As for the humor that Gorky 's text provides , when repainted in such broad strokes ( particularly by the lesser members of the ensemble ) it looks and sounds forced . 
NUCLEAR REACTOR FOR ISRAEL ? 
He could n't be reached for comment . 
The exclusion would rise five percentage points for each year the asset was held until it reached a maximum of 35 % . 
Investors were willing to gamble on new technologies because `` we had exclusive rights to those technologies , '' he adds . 
U.S. and northern European diplomats confirm Mr. Korotich 's assessment that glasnost is in no immediate danger . 
Mr. Brawer 's wife , Catherine , and Robert Stroup , Elizabeth 's husband , round out the five-member board . 
He will remain on the Banc One board . 
Directors elected R. Marvin Womack , currently vice president\/product supply , purchasing , to head the company 's Washington , D.C. , office . 
In California , a bellwether market , they accounted for more than 80 % of all bike sales . 
In any high-stakes case , you can be sure that one side or the other -- or even both -- is using litigation consultants . 
The bank , he wrote back , was `` immediately '' lowering the rate by 3.5 % , `` as a concession to you . '' 
But HomeFed said it purposely curbed loan originations in the quarter because of uncertainty over the new capital requirements and regulations that will emerge from negotiations over implementing the government 's massive thrift bailout bill . 
That disclosure came , a Delmed spokeswoman said , after the American Stock Exchange alerted the company that trading would n't resume in its stock until additional information about developments was provided . 
The implication that I was pushed aside would n't be accurate , '' Mr. Roman said . 
Its mortality rate for males over 35 is about 50 % higher than West Germany 's , and 50 % higher in hazard areas than the national average . 
She and her husband started a small printing business and need the car for work as well as for weekend jaunts . 
Both Westwood Brick and Westwood Group are based in Boston . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Also weighing on both metals ' prices is the role of the chief supplier , the Soviet Union . 
One of the leaders behind the expanded use of 900 numbers is Call Interactive , a joint venture of giants American Express Co. and American Telephone & Telegraph Co . 
Senate Democratic leaders said they had enough votes to defeat a proposed constitutional amendment to ban flag burning . 
Mr. Hutchinson predicted that the unit 's contribution to company results in the 1990s `` will be exciting . '' 
The account currently has $ 220 million . 
Its stock also has risen lately , at least partly because it is considered a possible takeover candidate . 
But there is not one shred of evidence that , other things being equal , salary differentials result in educational differentials . 
But other Bush administration officials have criticized Maryland Gov. William Schaefer for blocking the use of possible sites in that state . 
In Mexico , the analyst added , employees at the Cananea mine , who have been out of work since late August when the mine was declared bankrupt by the government , accepted a 35 % cut in the 3,800-man work force . 
`` About one-third of the fatality increase is attributed to greater travel , and about two-thirds is attributed to other factors { primarily to greater speed } , '' according to NHTSA . 
The average dropped 6.40 to 1247.87 and has now lost 21.7 % of its value since the losing streak began Oct. 10 . 
The Soviet Union 's jobless rate is soaring to 27 % in some areas , Pravda said . 
`` We do n't know how this whole market will work in a serious economic downturn . '' 
Crude oil for November delivery edged up by 16 cents a barrel to $ 20.75 a barrel . 
While franchisees were having a tough time holding sales , McDonald 's company-operated stores posted hefty gains for the nine months , with sales per company-operated unit rising $ 20,000 . 
Nevertheless , he noted , `` No one will want to go into the trade figures without a flat position '' in the pound . 
The survey reported the number of people who said they bowl regularly has fallen to just 8 % from 17 % in 1981 . 
And it helped win defense verdicts in product-liability suits involving scores of products , ranging from Firestone 500 tires to the anti-nausea drug Bendectin . 
In New York Stock Exchange trading Friday , Conseco closed at $ 19.50 , down 25 cents . 
A prospectus in India does n't always tell a potential investor much . 
In remarks at a White House ceremony marking Polish Heritage Month , Mr. Bush announced that Agriculture Secretary Clayton Yeutter , Commerce Secretary Robert Mosbacher and Labor Secretary Elizabeth Dole will lead the U.S. group . 
`` I think you have to give Greenspan a good rating . '' 
The stock market 's dizzying gyrations during the past few days have made a lot of individual investors wish they could buy some sort of insurance . 
In a blow to France 's Rafale jet fighter , the French navy for the first time publicly stated its desire to buy 15 McDonnell Douglas Corp. F-18 Hornets to defend its aircraft carriers . 
Municipal bonds are generally a bit safer than corporate bonds in a recession , but not as safe as bonds issued by the federal government . 
Angel Gurria , Mexico 's top debt negotiator , said the country 's creditor banks are responding positively to Mexico 's debt-reduction package . 
Here are a few of their answers : -- `` They say that I am a student-athlete , but really I 'm an athlete-student . 
These and other problems squeezed Federal 's profit margins last year to 8 % , down from more than 13 % annually in the first half of the decade . 
And half the employees surveyed think companies dole out too little to them . 
The climate was right for the new FASB . 
The transaction will take place tomorrow . 
Short interest in First Executive , an insurance issue , rose 55 % to 3.8 million . 
Gargantuan sections of a double-decker freeway have been heaved about like plastic building blocks . 
But he stops there . 
Akzo 's Twaron aramid fiber is a distant second to Du Pont Co. 's Kevlar , which dominates the market . 
Traders estimated that more than $ 140 million of high-grade bonds was put up for sale via bid-wanted lists circulated by a handful of major brokers . 
Today , though the public is barely aware , much of U.S. industry , particularly companies manufacturing or selling overseas , have made metrics routine . 
The restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will involve the transfer and layoff of employees in U.S. operations to reduce costs and focus efforts in other areas . 
`` They 've stepped up to the plate to take the write-downs , but when markets head down , a company is always exposed to further negative surprises , '' Mr. Hoyt said . 
FEMA , which coordinates federal disaster relief , is already strapped by the costs of cleaning up after Hurricane Hugo , which hit the Carolinas last month . 
Tough talk from trade union officials at the conference of the powerful IG Metall metals worker union in West Berlin raised the specter of nationwide strikes next spring , they said . 
Meanwhile , about 125 refugees flew to Duesseldorf , West Germany , from Warsaw , the first airlift in East Germany 's refugee exodus . 
Kia is reportedly also considering such a plan . 
Legal strategists say that damage claims against the oil giant and others could well exceed $ 1 billion . 
An official at Wako Securities said brokerages ' excessive expectations about recent advances in Tokyu Group shares and real estate issues were dashed Friday . 
The provision seeks to wipe out an estimated $ 1.4 million in claims made by the Health Care Finance Administration against HEI , which owned the hospital in Sullivan , Mo. , during most of the four-year period -- 1983-1987 -- covered in the amendment . 
Sam Albert , a consultant in Scarsdale , N.Y. , said that in the past IBM has developed broad software strategies only for problems that crossed industry lines . 
Olin Corp. said third-quarter net income rose 26 % on the strength of its chemical business . 
Earlier this month , Milton Roy signed a letter of intent to acquire Automated Custom Systems Inc. , Orange , Calif. , and its sister operation , Environmental Testing Co. , in Aurora , Colo . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The results , which represented the fifth consecutive quarter of flat-to-lower earnings for the big electronics retailer , disappointed analysts and traders . 
For Switzerland 's most prestigious newspaper , Neue Zuercher Zeitung , Mr. Rey seems destined to remain the `` former Bally raider , '' an image that has proved hard to overcome . 
U.S. takeover-stock speculators , who may own between 20 % and 30 % of Jaguar , could give Ford enough votes to block the GM deal . 
The figures confirm that there certainly is n't any drilling boom . 
Robert Crandall , with the Brookings Institute , agrees . 
MTM is a unit of British-based TVS Entertainment PLC , whose chief executive officer , James Gatward , will oversee the company until a successor is named . 
The Securities and Futures Commission , a government watchdog set up after the 1987 crash to try to restore confidence and order to Hong Kong 's markets , had been expected to give the contract conditional approval last week . 
Control Data 's semiconductor business , VTC Inc. , continues to lose money , the executives acknowledged , but they said they consider some of the technology vital to national defense and so are reluctant to dispose of it . 
Details about its size and cost have n't yet been determined . 
The company said the latest quarter included about $ 3.4 million in special legal and financial advisory costs related to McCaw Cellular Communications ' bid for the company and LIN 's merger pact with BellSouth . 
They concluded the indications of neutrons stemmed from faults in the detectors rather than from the cold fusion experiment . 
Michael Carpenter , president and chief executive officer at Kidder Peabody , said in a recent interview , `` We do n't think that index arbitrage has a negative impact on the market as a whole . '' 
While the company has always been family-run , Mr. Brawer is n't the first person to marry into the family and subsequently head Maidenform . 
Mr. Leavitt , 37 , was elected chairman earlier this year by the company 's new board , having served as vice president for legal and corporate affairs . 
Ms. Rose is best on the early years and World War II . 
Earthquake-related claims are n't expected to cause significant financial problems for the insurance industry as a whole . 
Both of these mines are normally major suppliers of copper to Japan , which has been buying copper on the world market . 
One stuck to old-line business traditions , while the other embraced the change . 
`` The rate of failures will be much more than the rate of successes in the mega-projects , '' says G.S. Patel , a former chairman of the giant , government-run mutual fund , the Unit Trust of India . 
Tokyo stocks rebounded Tuesday from two consecutive daily losses in relatively active dealings . 
Daniel Brigham 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
H&R Block ( NYSE ; Symbol:HRB ) 
`` But one gets fed up with importing information and news . '' 
Unilab Corp. , Norcross , Ga. , said it acquired the clinical laboratories of closely held Central Diagnostic Laboratory Inc. in a cash and securities transaction valued at $ 85 million . 
Exports made up 46.2 % of the latest year 's total , up from 39.8 % a year ago . 
Mr. Guber replies that `` this is a Goliath , this Time Warner , trying to chew up two fellows who have done only well for them for a long period of time . '' 
Few are more powerful in the competition for funds than the appropriations committees themselves -- including the three authors of the Gramm-Rudman-Hollings deficit-reduction law . 
The shares represented 66 % of his Dun & Bradstreet holdings , according to the company . 
Most have read the pre-trial documents , however , and estimate Kodak will be ordered to pay $ 1 billion to $ 1.5 billion for infringing on seven Polaroid patents . 
For example , the iced-tea radio campaign for Thomas J. Lipton Co. , an Englewood Cliffs , N.J. , unit of Anglo-Dutch Unilever Group , emphatically proclaims : `` Real Texans do not wear dock-siders -- ever . 
`` Someone always makes you quit , '' says legendary St. Louis Cardinals centerfielder Curt Flood , the league 's commissioner . 
`` It 's been kind of annoying , to say the least , '' she said . 
In major market activity : 
A small but growing number of companies are also trying to instill more fervent brand loyalty through such personalized direct-marketing ploys as catalogs , magazines and membership clubs for brand users . 
`` The pigs in the trough may have to give a little bit of the slop back and then the deal can go through , '' said Peter C. Canellos , tax partner at Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz . 
Mr. Ehrlich will continue as a director and a consultant . 
It scared brokers , but most survived . 
Ethan Bronner 's `` Battle for Justice : How the Bork Nomination Shook America '' ( Norton , 399 pages , $ 22.50 ) is a spirited narrative of the nastiest of these hearings , done with journalistic verve , but with a flawed legal philosophy . 
It would n't identify the bankers . 
IRAs were like stepchildren there . 
And much home-equity credit is used conservatively . 
Malcolm S. Todt was named vice president and senior officer in charge of equipment leasing to municipalities , a new effort of this bond insurer . 
Weirton Steel Corp. said it reached a tentative agreement on a 48-month labor contract with the Independent Steelworkers Union covering production and maintenance employees . 
Creative accounting is a hallmark of federal credit . 
Part of the reason for the heavy activity in derivative markets is that underwriters are repackaging mortgage securities being sold by thrifts . 
That ship , which would carry about 2,050 passengers , would expand the capacity of Carnival 's existing 14-ship fleet by 24 % . 
In fact , six of those companies received refunds , which totaled $ 120 million . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Predictably , when confronted with morally dubious behavior , prosecutors will exploit the latitude such openended statutes give them . 
The bank holding company also reported that third-quarter profit dropped 41 % , to $ 42.7 million , or 61 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 72.3 million , or $ 1.04 a share . 
The materially smaller trade deficit may have been already discounted in the market . 
But in the week following the 1987 stock crash , the exchange verged on collapse , and the stock and futures markets in Hong Kong were closed for four days . 
Industry executives said Philip Morris had asked the other agencies to create campaigns in a bid to stop the brand 's slipping market share . 
And Mr. Kleinaitis says that with 80 % of its stock in friendly hands , Manville is the rare publicly traded company that can ignore short-term stock fluctuations and plan for the long haul . 
Maybe we recognize values the other guys do n't , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
An executive model would significantly boost Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
Executive Producers Steve Sohmer and Jeff Bleckner ( and writer\/producers Ken Solarz and Steve Bello ) have revved this show up to the breaking point . 
`` It should be treated like the Medellin { drug } mafia , not the Founding Fathers . '' 
It 's the most stunning example of Las Vegas 's concerted effort to transform itself into a world-famous vacation resort for families as well as gamblers . 
NAS is National Advanced Systems , CDC -- Control Data Corp. , Bull NH Information Systems Inc . 
The volume is well below the industry 's 4 % to 5 % growth rate of recent years , but in line with other soft-drink companies for the third quarter . 
Why ca n't we teach our children to read , write and reckon ? 
That 's what happened yesterday . 
The only permanent losers will be the 200,000 or so workers everyone agrees will be priced out of a job at the $ 4.25 rate Congress is likely to approve today . 
While the company 's sales were soaring , `` We still had a system that was probably appropriate for $ 10 million to $ 20 million in sales . '' 
But many manufacturers find that communication between different computers has been rendered nearly impossible by the babel of computer languages used by different machines , including robots and machine tools . 
But now that Congress has missed the legal deadline for meeting the Gramm-Rudman targets , the White House said it has returned to its original view that a capital-gains cut should be part of the deficit-reduction bill , on which Congress continues to work . 
A prominent businessman in Bombay gives a similar testimonial : `` I have been taking it daily since 1961 . 
Denise McDonald , a spokeswoman for MADD , says , `` It 's scary , because anybody could do this . '' 
Just seven months earlier , they had signed a five-year exclusive contract to make movies for Warner Bros. for which they had just produced the smash hit `` Batman . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Equitec closed at $ 2.625 a share , unchanged . 
C. Olivetti & Co. , claiming it has won the race in Europe to introduce computers based on a powerful new microprocessor chip , unveiled its CP486 computer yesterday . 
Building on the corner severely damaged , so an old lady and her very old mother are in the guest room . 
The bank made a $ 4.5 million provision in the 1988 quarter . 
A year ago , net was $ 14.3 million , or 31 cents a share , on sales of $ 116.8 million . 
In the real estate sector , Mitsui Real Estate Development was up 100 at 2,760 , and Mitsubishi Estate gained 80 to 2,360 . 
In `` Wonderful Life : The Burgess Shale and the Nature of History '' ( Norton , 326 pages , $ 19.95 ) , Mr. Gould makes his case for `` the awesome improbability of human evolution . '' 
`` We are reaching the moment of truth '' on Wall Street , said Rep. Edward J. Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House subcommittee on telecommunications and finance . 
A statement from the council of cardinals said Catholics had responded generously to an appeal last year to give more money after 1987 's record $ 63 million deficit . 
In 1990 , the issue is expected to be especially close in Alaska , California , Michigan , New York , Pennsylvania and Illinois . 
Many congressmen are citing the compromise on the `` Americans With Disabilities Act of 1989 '' as a model for bipartisan deliberations . 
That will mark the second consecutive quarterly loss for Commodore and will raise additional questions about whether it can sustain the turnaround it had seemed to be engineering . 
Drugs continue to be sold openly around schools , parks and housing projects . '' 
In the fibers segment , profit rose to $ 180 million from $ 155 million , a gain Du Pont attributed to higher demand in the U.S. for most textile products . 
In short , the problem is not intra-administration disagreement , but preoccupation with the prospect that perestrokia might fail , and its political opponents will ask `` Who lost Gorbachev ? '' 
`` We 're doing a little buying '' in some stocks `` that have really been smashed down . '' 
Friday , Oct. 27 , 9 p.m.-midnight EDT , on PBS ( PBS air dates and times vary , so check local listings ) : `` Show Boat . '' 
The zero-coupon bonds were priced to yield to maturity from 6.25 % in 1994 to 6.90 % in 2006 , 2007 and 2009 . 
Under current law , such suspects are immune from prosecution for acts committed while not British citizens . 
Output of business equipment was unchanged in September . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The following issues were recently filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission : 
Mr. Lehman overlooks the fact that the Navy possesses its own air force ( the carrier fleet ) and its own army ( the Marines ) , which in turn has its own air force . 
Automotive sales jumped 16 % to $ 791 million , mainly because of higher sales of air bags and other passenger restraint systems , TRW said . 
He predicted the U.S. unit will skid below 1.80 marks to around 1.78 marks this month and 1.75 marks by the beginning of the new year . 
At first , we were unfazed . 
But yesterday , Mr. Carpenter said big institutional investors , which he would n't identify , `` told us they would n't do business with firms '' that continued to do index arbitrage for their own accounts . 
Annual inflation rose to 3.64 % in October from 3.55 % in September . 
After taking into account the fallout from the China crisis , the government has projected 1989 GDP growth of 5 % . 
In the past , the government controlled the markets indirectly , through its tight grip on industry itself . 
But the plan only threatens to heighten the tension and confusion already surrounding the cases that were filed in September 1988 . 
In life , she offers practical dieting advice : `` Divide your meals into important and unimportant . 
However , Monarch Capital Corp. of Springfield , Mass. , has developed a `` combination plan '' of annuity and insurance coverage that it says does not violate the new regulations and that allows policy loans without tax consequences . 
The total relationship , as Mr. Lee sees it , is `` the flow of dollars to the U.S. to fund the deficits , the investments the Japanese are making in the U.S. in order to satisfy American demand that American products consumed in America should be made as much as possible in America by Americans with Japanese technology and capital . '' 
The cats are fine , although nervous . 
He made a midnight requisition of all the printers he could lay hands on so that he could monitor all the telephone lines coming into the lab 's computers . 
Bond prices continued to edge higher in anticipation of more news showing a slower economy . 
Journal readers are relatively affluent , with a median household income of between $ 75,000 and $ 99,000 . 
States are following suit . 
Poland produces about 20 times more soot and five times more sulfur dioxide and solid waste per unit of gross national product than does Western Europe . 
The New York Court of Appeals ruling parallels a 1980 decision by the California Supreme Court requiring shared liability among manufacturers for injuries when it ca n't be determined which company is at fault . 
TRADING VOLUME in Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures contracts on the Chicago Mercantile Exchange Monday totaled 73,803 contracts . 
The provision will help provide for tax liabilities that may stem from the restructuring . 
Strategies vary for Westridge Capital , which has $ 300 million under management . 
Revenue increased more than 5 % to $ 283.2 million from $ 268.6 million . 
And , defenders say , few people complain about futures when stock prices are rising . 
They want a 24-hour library . 
The human-based drug starts the blood sugar dropping sooner and drives it down faster , he said . 
In the the latest quarter , thanks in part to `` Batman , '' Guber Peters earned $ 5.8 million , or 50 cents a share , compared to a loss of $ 6.8 million , or 62 cents a share , in last year 's quarter . 
The crowd groans , Mr. Jones shakes his head , the Cowboys lose the game . 
`` We are n't Philip Morris Cos. , '' says Bertrand de Galle , chairman of government-owned Societe Nationale d'Exploitation Industrielle des Tabacs & Allumettes S.A. , known as Seita . 
Of course East Germany , true to its tradition , could tighten its borders yet further . 
He quotes one student saying , `` You 're just the kind of Jewboy we Southerners ca n't stand . 
Now that 's name-dropping , if you know what I mean . 
Since McDonald 's menu prices rose this year , the actual decline may have been more . 
Under United Illuminating 's plan , a new holding company would be formed to own the two companies . 
On Friday , the firms filed a suit against West Virginia in New York state court asking for a declaratory judgment absolving them of liability . 
But a chance to fill out sales-tax records is rarely one of them . 
-- Eduard Shevardnadze , Oct. 23 , 1989 . 
`` We give them a lot of credit for taking this case , '' says WLF 's Alan Slobodin . 
During one recent episode , all the advertisements were in English . 
By contrast , only 32 % expect an increase in the price of gold . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.48 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.28 % 90 days ; 8.10 % 120 days ; 8 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
Officials declined to disclose the value of the transaction or the exact stake that GRE will hold in Nationwide Anglia Estate Agents . 
With many suburban areas basically overbuilt with shopping centers , inner-city areas may represent a major new untapped market for investment . 
`` He told me to choose an area where just by being mediocre I could be great , '' recalls Mr. Schwartz , now 40 . 
The U.S. futures exchanges compete world-wide as never before . 
The Wiedemann division was one of three businesses put up for sale in Cross & Trecker 's restructuring program announced in July . 
The size of the cuts is n't known , but they 'll be centered in the exploration and production division , which is responsible for locating oil reserves , drilling wells and pumping crude oil and natural gas . 
Ms. Kolber said the committee had received other bids . 
Several other banks have similar applications pending . 
Silver 's history of volatility is also discouraging investors , dealers say . 
The case strikes at the corporate image of GE , which provides the military with everything from jet engines and electronic warfare equipment to highly classified design work on the Strategic Defense Initiative , and could cause a loss of future defense contracts if Pentagon and Justice Department officials take a tough stance . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
The Phillips facility manufactures polyethylene , polypropylene and K-resin , plastics used in a wide array of applications , including milk jugs and toys . 
This hope , however , will never be realized if we use levamisole and 5-fluorouracil as a stopping point . 
Malaysia 's Banking Secrecy Act prohibited the bank from identifying delinquent borrowers , said Tan Sri Basir . 
That helped persuade the company to introduce a new advertising slogan : `` A warm hug from Campbell 's . '' 
The French Economics Ministry approved a planned asset swap between the defense and electronics group Thomson-CSF S.A. and the bank group Credit Lyonnais . 
Their motivation , however , has a strong practical aspect : Program trading is hazardous to their paychecks . 
Higher-income people also tend to be more brand loyal these days , the Journal survey and other research studies indicate . 
Source : PaineWebber Inc . 
Many critics question the industry 's need for federal support ; the Pentagon justifies its help on national-security grounds . 
The units are the Edelmann , Ideal and Plews divisions . 
Let 's rationalize our priorities by solving pollution problems at the local level as heretofore . 
I felt the temblor begin and glanced at the table next to mine , smiled that guilty smile and we both mouthed the words , `` Earth-quake ! '' together . 
Such spillover effects give the state a right to intervene in the marketplace and temporarily coordinate allocation of resources . 
Projects in the talking or blueprint stage would add a further 48,000 rooms . 
Finally , IBM had to delay the introduction of some high-end disk drives , which account for 10 % of its $ 60 billion of annual revenue . 
CRA is 49%-owned by RTZ Corp. of Britain . 
One auto-industry union leader said , `` If they try to build it somewhere else { in Europe } besides the U.K. , they are going to be in big trouble '' with unionists over any Jaguar deal . 
Mr. Dorsch says the HIAA is working on a proposal to establish a privately funded reinsurance mechanism to help cover small groups that ca n't get insurance without excluding certain employees . 
Thanks to a new air-traffic agreement and the ability of Irish travel agents to issue Aeroflot tickets , tourists here are taking advantage of Aeroflot 's reasonable prices to board flights in Shannon for holidays in Havana , Kingston and Mexico City . 
William D. Forrester , president of the U.S.-U.S.S.R. Trade and Economic Council , has a warning for U.S. companies trying to do business in the Soviet Union . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3425.22 , up 
`` People comfortable with the passive approach are using them for other strategies . '' 
He says bowling helps him shed pounds , though that effort is sometimes thwarted by the fact that `` when I 'm drinking , I bowl better . '' 
In affidavits filed in Los Angeles Superior Court in connection with the $ 1 billion breach-of-contract suit Warner brought against Sony for hiring the two producers , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters tell one story . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.80 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
Qintex Australia suffered another setback Friday when its Los Angeles-based affiliate filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
About $ 190 million were offered through Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Nancy Craig , advertising manager for the Red Cross , readily admits `` they 're piggybacking on our reputation . '' 
Financial Corp. of Santa Barbara said it rescheduled to Nov. 29 a special shareholder meeting to vote on a $ 75 million stock-for-debt exchange . 
He said the company was `` encouraged by feedback '' it received from selected customers now testing Version 1.1 . 
But Saatchi 's troubles have only whipped up interest among outsiders interested in picking off pieces of its ad businesses . 
Other stocks were affected by corporate earnings . 
Pension reform was its main thrust . 
The Westin St. Francis hotel , which survived the 1906 earthquake and fire , currently is less than 50 % occupied . 
Another factor to consider : Some of the companies currently earning very high yields are doing so through substantial investment in junk bonds , and you know how nervous the market has been about those lately . 
He maintains that the information from the FBI will help him get his 1968 conviction vacated and his bail-jumping indictment dismissed . 
But , she says , `` I guess I did n't really notice the trees . 
Britain 's Prime Minister Thatcher alone dissented . 
Mr. Stoll suspected the intruder was one of those precocious students who has fun breaking into computers . 
But when the judge received his payment book , he disavowed the deal . 
The Food and Drug Administration had raised questions about the device 's design . 
These days , `` Batibot '' is produced in a converted lumberyard on a shoestring budget of $ 3,000 a one-hour segment . 
It does not relieve the need for our market-opening efforts for both goods and services , but it does suggest that it is our exports of services , and not just borrowing , that is financing our imports of goods . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
But Mr. Zoeller also acknowledges that consultants can be very effective . 
They are still being sold , but more and more often as `` direct investments '' -- with all the same risks they had under the old label . 
And 45 companies paid effective tax rates of below 10 % of their income . 
MCA strongly opposed the Drabinsky group 's move . 
A year later , it was 5.7 million . 
`` We can lose money on this , '' he says . 
A lot of car alarms went off . 
In response to the study , the FAA says it is considering changing its policy -- or lack of it -- on flight attendants . 
Serial bonds , which all carry 7 % coupons , are priced to yield from 6.30 % in 1992 to 7 % in 2000 . 
In addition , the rise in the value of the dollar against foreign currencies over the past several months has increased the price of U.S. products in overseas markets and hurt the country 's competitiveness . 
Bausch & Lomb sold the softies under a sublicense from National Patent Development , which had gained the rights from the Czechoslovakia Academy of Sciences . 
The dollar began yesterday on a firm note in Tokyo , closing higher in late trade . 
At Jasper Jeep-Eagle , one of the largest Jeep dealerships in the country , inventories have continued to swell . 
But the new category does not replace or reduce Berkeley 's broad racial preferences . 
Eastern at the time disputed those assessments and called the experts ' report `` completely off base . '' 
Yields on savings-type certificates of deposit dropped slightly in the week ended yesterday . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The State Department said it had received a new letter on the subject from Israeli Foreign Minister Moshe Arens , restating Israel 's previous objection to negotiating with any Palestinian tied to the PLO . 
About 1,000 strikers signed petitions last week calling for Boeing and Machinists representatives to schedule new meetings . 
The bond fund will invest in high-grade or medium-grade bonds , mortgages or asset-backed securities , including as much as 15 % in foreign securities . 
Mr. Berry , 58 , had resigned after being asked by Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , Kenneth Roman , to give up his title as creative head of the New York office and to take a fuzzier international role . 
A cake topped with a replica of the center will be auctioned at an AIDS benefit at Sotheby 's in December . 
The violent temblor , which lasted about 15 seconds and registered 6.9 on the Richter scale , also caused the collapse of a 30-foot section of the San Francisco-Oakland Bay Bridge and shook Candlestick Park . 
But the amount was still 39 % higher than the year-ago level , and 25 % higher as a percentage of total loans . 
`` I think we will see a federal funds rate of close to 8 1\/2 % in the next two weeks and 8 % by year end . '' 
UAL 's decision to remain an independent company sent share prices tumbling . 
In what could prove a major addition to the Philippines ' foreign-investment portfolio , a Taiwanese company signed a $ 180 million construction contract to build the centerpiece of a planned petrochemical complex . 
Prudential currently is seeking approval to offer a new fund offering a return equal to the S&P 500 index plus 5\/100 of a percentage point . 
The other party could continue on the traditional track of the LDP , representing the manufacturers ' preference for larger government , control , regulation and protectionism . 
He noted that some minimum margin requirements have been reduced to levels below those before the 1987 crash . 
The seniority-list controversy , along with the job-classification dispute , has been turned over to the mediator . 
Three minutes into the massage , the man curled up , began shaking and turned red . 
I suspect I may be one of the few people to have read them all . 
In the Senate , Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the Labor Committee , and Pete Domenici , ( R. , N.M . ) ranking minority member of the Budget Committee , have been working on a compromise , and their soundings showed that the Senate appeared to be heading toward enough strength to override another Bush veto , a Democratic staff official said . 
Instead of replicating the S&P 500 or some other index exactly , some stocks are overweighted or underweighted in the portfolio . 
The new agency group is already in discussions about a possible purchase in Spain , while Mr. Breene said it also plans to make acquisitions in Scandinavia , Germany and elsewhere . 
Details of the restructuring wo n't be made final until regulators approve the regulations mandated by the new federal act , the company said . 
The FTC ruled that the companies violated federal antitrust law by fixing rates in the following states : New Jersey , Pennsylvania , Connecticut , Wisconsin , Arizona and Montana . 
Weyerhaeuser said its paneling business employs about 300 workers at two facilities in Chesapeake , Va. , and Hancock , Vt . 
He said the state has 165 appointed judges and 15 `` trial referees , '' who are former judges over age 70 and serve a restricted role on the bench . 
Instead it 's a form of `` enhanced rescission , '' giving a President a chance to rescind , or strike , specific spending items that just go too far . 
Some analysts have said Courtaulds ' moves could boost the company 's value by 5 % to 10 % , because the two entities separately will carry a higher price earnings multiple than they did combined . 
`` He recently bid $ 30,000 at a Paris charity auction for a dinner cooked by six of the world 's great chefs , but the final party cost closer to $ 100,000 . '' 
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 finished 1\/4 point stronger at 98 1\/2 bid , to yield 7.32 % . 
Maryland National Bank 's retail finance division will continue to service the loans . 
The big one : A company 's culture ca n't be radically changed unless top management first admits that things have gone badly awry and then publicly leads the charge . 
The 66-year-old Mr. Lee recently spent an hour discussing the state of Asia and the world with two Journal reporters in his plainly furnished , wood-paneled office . 
Oil has long been Mr. Corry 's pet . 
-- Women working full-time earned 66 cents for every dollar earned by men , a penny more than in 1987 and seven cents more than in 1978 . 
Whitbread also announced that Mr. Jarvis , who is 48 , will become the company 's chief executive March 1 . 
Given current headlines about the University of Florida , it may not be the last . 
At a recent White House meeting , Rep. Silvio Conte ( R. , Mass. ) , the ranking minority member of the House Appropriations Committee , argued with his friend Mr. Bush against a veto , and though Mr. Conte and Minority Leader Robert Michel of Illinois stood with the president yesterday , they are plainly uncomfortable with his position . 
And some foreign firms are finding that even when they manage to overcome such hurdles , their ventures now have to be endorsed by such unpredictable bodies as the Soviet parliament and the governments of the nation 's republics . 
Instead , Chrysler officials in late May slapped $ 1,000 cash rebates on the vehicles , including the first such incentives on the popular four-door Cherokee since Chrysler bought Jeep in 1987 . 
The year-on-year rise in August was slightly down from the 6.4 % rate in July . 
Scientists have isolated a molecule that may hold potential as a treatment for disruptions of the immune system , ranging from organ-transplant rejection , to allergies and asthma , Immunex Corp. said . 
Analysts said that 6.3 % level marked the poorest showing for any major British rights issue since the 1987 global stock market crash . 
Mr. Gillett is said to be proud of his operating record ; he has lifted some stations ' ratings and turned around a Detroit station . 
Some lousy earnings reports whacked the stock market , but bond prices fell only slightly and the dollar rose a little against most major currencies . 
SUGAR : 
Mr. Courter is further hobbled by a record of votes opposed to government regulation on behalf of consumers . 
But he said JAL is talking to Lufthansa and Air France about some sort of cargo venture . 
SENATE HEARS final arguments in impeachment trial of federal judge . 
Westridge Capital has used enhanced indexing techniques to beat the S&P 500 's returns by 2.5 to 3 percentage points over the past four years , with the same risk level as holding the S&P 500 stocks , according to James Carder , the firm 's president . 
Macy reported a net loss for fiscal 1989 of $ 53.7 million compared with a net loss of $ 188.2 million for fiscal 1988 . 
Amtrak said it planned to resume some train operations to Oakland late yesterday . 
In early 1988 , when the three-month Eurodollar rate was between 7 % and 8 % , the three-month Hibor rate was as low as 1 % . 
Ironically , Caltrans this year began working on a second round of seismic reinforcements of freeways around the state , this time wrapping freeway columns in `` steel blankets '' to reinforce them . 
Where non-violent civil disobedience is the centerpiece , rather than a lawful demonstration that may only attract crime , it is difficult to justify . 
Stanley Aslanian , the Haas broker who agreed to carry a hidden microphone during the conversation , also has pleaded guilty to conspiracy to commit securities violations in the stock manipulation and agreed to cooperate . 
We see a whole flock of programs that will impose significant costs on the American economy in the form of burdensome regulation and higher liabilities . 
William Lynes , a retired engineer from Lockheed Corp. , says he and his wife , Lily , warmed to the investment pitches of a penny-stock peddler from Stuart-James Co. in Atlanta after the broker told them he , too , had once worked with Lockheed . 
Ratings , he notes , `` are subject to change . '' 
The restyled 300ZX costs as much as $ 33,000 and is squared off against the Porche 944 , which begins at $ 41,900 . 
There is , after all , big money in environmentalism . 
About eight firms will get the lion 's share . 
More than 20 new managing directors and senior vice presidents have been hired since January . 
Craig Tillery , an Alaska assistant attorney general , said in an interview last night that Exxon 's accusations `` are not new . 
But many economists were not nearly as jubilant . 
A federal judge in Manhattan threw out the indictment , finding that the seven-year delay violated the defendant 's constitutional right to a speedy trial . 
`` In the end , I think David will be judged for being David . 
A consumer poll conducted in early September by Leo J. Shapiro & Associates , a market researcher based in Chicago , also suggests a modest holiday . 
One of Mr. Straszheim 's recurring themes is that the state of the economy is n't a simple black or white . 
Hallwood is a merchant bank whose activities include the ownership , management and financial restructuring of shopping centers , office buildings , apartments and other real estate . 
But the Pennsylvania measure also includes an `` informed consent '' provision that may become widely imitated by abortion foes who want to make women contemplating abortion as uncomfortable as possible with the procedure and with themselves . 
There also are reports from several labs , as yet unpublished , of missing p53 genes in tissue taken from kidney , brain and skin cancers . 
Bolstered by strong performances by its psychiatric hospitals , National Medical Enterprises Inc. , Los Angeles , reported net income of $ 50 million , or 65 cents a share , for the first quarter ended Aug. 31 , up from $ 41 million , or 56 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The insurance concern said all conversion rights on the stock will terminate on Nov. 30 . 
The transaction is expected to close around year end . 
He is currently experiencing what it 's like to have the phrase , `` under investigation for scientific fraud , '' also attached to his name . 
Clearly not . 
But this quake was n't the big one , the replay of 1906 that has been feared for so many years . 
The industrial revolution has produced an explosion in the capital market , which is a far cheaper source of funds than government-controlled banks , where interest rates for prime borrowers are around 16 % . 
General Dynamics closed at $ 54.875 , up 50 cents . 
The Ginnie Mae 9 % issue was yielding 9.42 % to a 12-year average life assumption , as the spread above the Treasury 10-year note widened 0.03 percentage point to 1.48 . 
The company is active in office and residential development in New York . 
Genetic Defect Spotted In 3-Day-Old Embryo 
-- Students should move up the educational ladder as their academic potential allows . 
The company has retained J. Henry Schroder Wagg & Co. as financial adviser and agent for the sale . 
But the big , often tumultuous slide in stock prices this month has turned some of those who have been profiting from the practice against it . 
`` They are angry about the government ... so they hold back the goods , '' he said . 
For many companies , the instinctive first response is to cut costs . 
The company attributed the decline to consumers ' concern over interest rates and gas prices -- two key expenses for RV buyers . 
The Northern California earthquake and Hurricane Hugo are likely to temporarily damp sales growth in the West and South Carolina . 
`` The converter is head and shoulders above anything else I 've seen , '' says Richard J. Stumpf , vice president - engineering and development at MCA Inc. 's Universal City Studios . 
The proposal now enters a 60-day comment period , after which the Treasury will propose final regulations , followed by another comment period . 
The consensus view calls for an overall job gain of 155,000 compared with September 's 209,000 increase . 
The Voting Rights Act of 1965 was enacted to keep the promise of the Fifteenth Amendment and enable Southern blacks to go to the polls , unhindered by literacy tests and other exclusionary devices . 
They wonder whether he has the economic know-how to steer the city through a possible fiscal crisis , and they wonder who will be advising him . 
Mutual funds , for example , are said to be selling existing municipal bonds to raise cash to buy new issues . 
The school was the first , in 1987 , to receive the NCAA 's `` death penalty '' -- two years without football -- for repeated rules violations . 
Imperial said it had n't been served with this suit either . 
`` Traders five feet from each other were making bids and offers that were a full point apart , '' said one S&P 500 broker . 
The issue is far-reaching . 
The conviction stemmed from federal charges of consumer fraud for sale of phony infant apple juice between 1978 and 1983 . 
All this talk of boiler rooms and fraud is unnerving to the city 's legitimate business element . 
In Sidhpur , it is almost time to sow this year 's crop . 
However , those sales were early in the field 's history , before production equipment was installed . 
Although the proposal must be approved by federal Judge Harold C. Abramson , W. Herbert Hunt has agreed to the Peruvian mineral concern 's proposal . 
And indeed , as he later reported , that was the import of the meeting . 
Some analysts speculated yesterday that the move has set off a board room split , which may lead to the resignation of Sir Colin Marshall , the carrier 's chief executive officer . 
Rep. Gonzalez seems primed to lash out at Mr. Wall when hearings resume Thursday with testimony by two federal regulators from San Francisco , William Black and Mike Patriarca . 
Because fresh eggs are less expensive than processed ones , a big egg user can recover the Egg King 's $ 3,390 cost in a few months , says Mr. Maynard . 
The FTC said it `` had reason to believe that the proposed acquisition could substantially reduce competition '' in the production of certain image intensifier tubes , which are important components of night-vision devices sold primarily to the defense industry . 
We just want to have our own cup of tea . '' 
Government Insurance Office of New South Wales ( agency ) -- 
In the fiscal first period ended Aug. 31 , profit fell 54 % to $ 30.4 million , or 58 cents a share , mostly because of the Tiger merger , Federal says . 
Kajima advanced 40 to 2,120 and Ohbayashi added 50 to 1,730 . 
`` It does n't increase benefits , but it 's costly and time-consuming , '' Ms. Fixx says . 
They reportedly will invest a total of 20 billion yen ( $ 140 million ) in the venture , whose headquarters would be in France or West Germany . 
ABUSE to our bodies is overwhelming . 
But that is not much of a consolation to draw from the failure of General Aoun . 
PWA said it also expects to announce by Tuesday whether it will take delivery of all 17 Airbus 320-200 aircraft it previously ordered . 
The unit has 30 employees in four California offices , the company said . 
For retailers , Christmas , not Halloween , promises to be this year 's spookiest season . 
His term has produced no spectacular failures in politics , in the economy or on the military front , and has chalked up some successes . 
Adds Robert Juliano , the head lobbyist for a variety of interests that want to protect the tax deduction for travel and entertainment expenses : `` It appears as though the whole thing is wide open again . '' 
COCOA : Futures at first continued the rally begun on Monday , but then faltered and closed lower . 
Many professions long have seemed to be targets because of the exotic or ludicrous efforts of some members to offset high income with fake losses from phony tax shelters : dentists who invested in dubiously dubbed foreign films or airline pilots who raised racehorses on their days off . 
Paul Ely , general partner of Alpha Partners , a venture-capital firm based in Menlo Park , Calif. , was named a director of this computer company . 
As part of the upscale push , Kidder is putting brokers through a 20-week training course , turning them into `` investment counselors '' with knowledge of corporate finance . 
Meanwhile , Japan 's Fair Trade Commission said it was considering launching an investigation into whether the bid , the equivalent of less than a penny , violates anti-monopoly laws . 
Four Democrats on the House Banking Committee sent President Bush a letter stating their concerns about the expected appointment of James Simmons , an Arizona banker and former fund-raiser for Mr. Bush , to the Oversight Board of the Resolution Trust Corp . 
American Pioneer , parent of American Pioneer Savings Bank , said the sale will add capital and reduce the level of investments in subsidiaries for the thrift holding company . 
The rigid Ivy League customer , Brooks Brothers ' bread and butter , meanwhile is becoming extinct . 
But unlike London , out here I 've never heard anybody blow a car horn in anger . 
At last report , Connaught had 21.8 million shares outstanding . 
One of the hottest tickets on Washington 's social calendar this fall was a charity benefit honoring former Congressman Tony Coelho , who landed a million-dollar job on Wall Street after resigning over a controversial junk-bond investment last summer . 
In addition , Delmed is exploring distribution arrangements with Fresenius USA , Delmed said . 
Anheuser noted that `` beer industry sales volume is 1989 is following the trend that has characterized the last half of the '80s , with sales volume being essentially flat '' while consolidation creates fewer , bigger players . 
Whittle Communications L.P. , which for months has fought a public relations battle with education leaders , said it has signed 500 schools in 24 states to subscribe to the controversial Channel One news program and its sister programs . 
But Mr. Clough says , `` The risk is that earnings disappointments will continue . '' 
The monetary tax benefit of indexation for all gains in excess of inflation can be measured using the following equation : tax rate , times inflation rate , times basis for the gain . 
Generally in the quarter , overproduction of gasoline and higher crude oil prices pressured profitability . 
But he said Dentsu has n't looked seriously at Saatchi . 
Ohio , the District of Columbia , Tennessee and Illinois have been less resistant to Drexel than the other six states , but nonetheless have refused to settle so far , say those familiar with the discussions . 
Still , the average price of such bikes rose last year to $ 145 . 
LIT Holdings shares plummeted 36 pence to close at 54 pence ( 85 cents ) , a 40 % drop , on London 's stock exchange . 
Xerox Corp. 's third-quarter net income grew 6.2 % on 7.3 % higher revenue , earning mixed reviews from Wall Street analysts . 
Both of these actions are n't characteristic of real Hells Angels , Mr. Christie said . 
Other long-distance carriers have also begun marketing enhanced 900 service , and special consultants are springing up to exploit the new tool . 
COMPUTER chips that simulate human vision have been developed by Japan 's Sharp Corp . 
Gulf Power said in May that an internal audit had disclosed that at least one vendor had used false invoices to fund political causes . 
Gabriel W. Gorenstein , the assistant U.S. attorney handling the case for the FBI , said no decision has been made about appealing the judge 's ruling . 
Consider the experience of Satoko Kitada , a 30-year-old designer of vehicle interiors who joined Nissan in 1982 . 
For three years , a healthy economy and the export-boosting effects of a weak dollar propelled sales and earnings of the big paper companies to record levels . 
Slower growth countries included Greece , at 2.5 % , the U.K. , at 2.25 % , and Denmark , at 1.75 % . 
Manufacturers , too , are stretching further to lure buyers . 
Another trader noted that many arbitrage firms are afraid to sell their UAL stock at the bottom , but already own so much they ca n't buy any more . 
Cancer patients needing prolonged radiation therapy , diabetics learning to manage their blood sugar levels , and cardiac bypass patients are among those who spend time on cooperative-care units . 
James Grohl , a spokesman for the U.S. League of Savings Institutions , said , `` The data is a red flag , but lacking the financial data you ca n't make a case that discrimination is widespread . '' 
Separately , Gillette said its third-quarter earnings rose 2 % to $ 65.2 million , or 57 cents a share , from $ 63.9 million , or 57 cents a share , in the year-earlier period ; per-share earnings remained flat despite an increase in net income in part because the company paid a $ 10.4 million dividend on the new preferred stock in the period . 
Mr. Kume made the earnings projection for fiscal 1990 , ending next March 31 , in an interview with U.S. automotive writers attending the Tokyo Motor Show . 
PUTS AND CALLS , STOCK MARKET PATOIS for options to sell or buy a company 's shares , were long an arcane Wall Street art best left to the experts , who used them either as a hedge or for pure speculation . 
Several reports as the day progressed gave vague or conflicting indications about whether banks would sign up . 
Some analysts said AMR Chairman Robert Crandall might seize the opportunity presented by the stock price drop to protect the nation 's largest airline with a defensive transaction , such as the sale of stock to a friendly holder or company employees . 
AYER TALKS : 
One plaintiff , a doctor , testified in an affidavit that he also gave Mr. Peterson $ 50,000 to join a sort of investment club which essentially gave the physician `` the privilege of making additional investments '' with Mr. Peterson . 
But Akzo is still slimming down : It recently announced plans to eliminate about 1,700 fiber-related jobs in the Netherlands and West Germany . 
The U.S. government has never waivered in its assessment of this incident as an accident at a biological weapons facility there , and hence a violation of the 1972 Biological Weapons Convention . 
The group 's bid for $ 34.2 million of wastewater treatment bonds , Series 1989 B , produced a 7.0808 % true interest cost . 
The companies in question believe the analysts are too pessimistic . 
`` But advertisers would n't think of it , '' she said . 
The other two props -- earnings and the economic outlook -- are troubling , too . 
`` The impression I 've got is they 'd love to do away with it { program trading } , but they { the exchange } ca n't do it , '' he said . 
The publishing concern said it retained the investment banking firm of Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Inc. to act as its financial adviser , assisting in the evaluation of various financial and strategic alternatives , including debt refinancing , raising capital , recapitalization , a merger or sale of the company . 
In other personnel changes stemming from problems in its options unit : 
All parts of the issue are callable at any time at par . 
NEW YORK 'S poor face nearly three million legal problems a year without legal help . 
Though Mrs. Thatcher has pulled through other crises , supporters wonder if her steely , autocratic ways are the right formula today . 
You have time to put precautionary mechanisms in place , '' notes a Vista spokeswoman . 
A cultural center has been built , shops . 
In Brussels , which recently spent millions of dollars on a computer-assisted trading system , disgusted traders watched helplessly as a software failure before opening on Manic Monday prevented trading for two days . 
They include Enron Corp. , Texas Eastern Corp. , Pacific Interstate Transmission Co. and Tennessee Gas Pipeline Co . 
If she remains influential with Mr. Dinkins , as some suggest she will , his mayoralty may take on a more anti-development flavor . 
But the market lost part of the early gains on index-linked investment trust fund selling . 
The agency , with about $ 35 million in billings , will be dissolved , with some of its staffers absorbed by WCRS 's Della Femina McNamee unit in Boston , Ms. Heller said . 
The announcement boosted the charter-shipping company 's shares , which closed at $ 15.125 , up $ 1.25 a share , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange . 
`` We 're trying to take care of a heck of a lot of constituents , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
Hyundai Motor America , fighting quality complaints , declining sales and management turmoil , yesterday unveiled its 1990 ad strategy , tagged `` We 're Making More Sense Than Ever . '' 
The company said the repayment or redemption of the long-term debt , and the outstanding Class A cumulative exchangeable preferred stock of Cable News Network , was made possible by an offering of about $ 750 million of debentures and notes and $ 900 million in bank borrowings . 
The placement was made through Gray Seifert Securities , New York , to institutional investors . 
Of course , the quake was the worst since the emergence of the computer era turned Silicon Valley into the nation 's capital of high technology . 
Salespeople try to push their products and avoid discussions of finances . 
Her commute from Petaluma , Calif. , normally takes an hour and 15 minutes , via the Golden Gate Bridge , which connects San Francisco with the North Bay area . 
The aerospace and financial services concern said net income fell 5 % to $ 59.5 million from $ 62.8 million . 
Leucadia , New York , estimated it had a pre-tax gain on the transaction of $ 57 million , including its part of Brae 's gain . 
In `` Josephine Baker '' ( Jonathan Cape , 304 pages , $ 35 ) , which was published in Britain last year and distributed in the U.S. this month , Mr. Hammond has used his collection to produce an album of photographs and drawings of the star . 
He said there are two reports this week that might affect prices : the purchasing managers report on Wednesday and the unemployment report on Friday . 
Mr. Mehta observed that the U.S. merchandise trade deficit , which rose sharply in August , according to yesterday 's report , has been having less and less impact on the gold market . 
`` Do n't you think I ought to get a commission ... or part of your fee in this case ? '' Mr. Green said the judge asked him . 
The U.S. Export-Import Bank tentatively decided to guarantee commercial bank financing for the purchase of two Boeing Co. 767 airliners by Avianca , Colombia 's international airline , at a cost of about $ 150 million . 
`` It turned out we could n't sell it , '' a Canadian Pacific official said , adding that acquiring the remainder of Soo Line is now `` the best way to rationalize operations . '' 
Nissan helped develop a Tokyo restaurant with both vehicles as its design theme . 
After the split , the two companies presumably will be rivals for orders from government and commercial customers . 
`` We regret very much that the mayor of San Francisco has decided not to cooperate with us on this matter in making sure that there is adequate federal support for the disaster in his city , '' Mr. Fitzwater said . 
Now Robert Parker , author of several best sellers featuring Spenser , a contemporary private eye in the Marlowe mold , has with the blessings of the Chandler estate been hired to complete `` The Poodle Springs Story . '' 
Excerpts follow : 
The local government is discredited in the eyes of many residents for a variety of reasons , and congressmen read the same newspapers and watch the same TV newscasts as other people in the area do . 
In late New York trading yesterday , the dollar was quoted at 1.8340 marks , up from 1.8300 marks late Friday , and at 141.90 yen , up from 141.65 yen late Friday . 
The linkup with Credit Agricole will give Nuovo Banco its first foreign presence since it was formed from the wreck of the old Banco Ambrosiano , which collapsed amid scandal after the death of Chairman Roberto Calvi in 1982 . 
The key Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index ended 10.2 points lower at 2179.1 , above its intraday low of 2176.9 , but off the day 's high of 2189 . 
IBM 's manufacturing staff also will be able to provide software that IBM has developed internally and will be able to form teams with a customer to jointly solve manufacturing problems . 
Officials at the four exchanges said well over 50 traders from the Pacific exchange were taking flights from San Francisco late yesterday to the American , New York and Philadelphia exchanges and to the CBOE , where they would continue making markets in the Pacific-listed options . 
The exchange put a bit of a damper on program trading when , last year , it simply started to publish monthly statistics of each firm 's program-trading volume . 
A country is considered financially healthy if its reserves cover three months of its imports . 
Still , consultants and industry executives said the products could help make manufacturing operations more efficient , and provide a boost to the computer-integrated-manufacturing market -- a market that Yankee Group , a research firm , has said may double to $ 40 billion by 1993 . 
Hugh Zurkuhlen , analyst with Salomon Bros. , predicts the shift will mean P&G 's sales growth in the second quarter will be `` in the double digits . '' 
The funding is attached to a stopgap bill to keep most of the government operating through Nov. 15 . 
Yet some dealers have turned down Infiniti or Lexus franchises because they were unwilling or unable to meet the design requirements . 
The animal-rights movement has n't helped sales . 
`` It helps us , and people feel better talking to someone who 's gone through the same thing , '' an SBA official says . 
New York Life has been doing the same for over 140 years . '' 
`` Most people think if you slip , you 'll wind up in a body cast . '' 
It is interested in making some money advising industry on how to convert to a world without CFCs . 
Many lawyers maintain that all 's fair in the adversary system as long as no one tampers with the evidence . 
Those creditors , whose claims are estimated at about $ 200 million , include doctors and hospitals . 
The U.S. government 's Sverdlovsk complaint , as with Krasnoyarsk , is no mere political posturing . 
Glaxo was the biggest gainer , jumping 35 to # 13.78 ( $ 21.72 ) on anticipation of a stock split next week . 
A similar situation apparently exists in the Ivory Coast with no figures released yet this year , compared with 55,000 tons as of this time a year ago . 
`` But this way , American will coordinate good extensions to Boston , New York , Chicago and Dallas . 
In 1987 , the Supreme Court attempted in McNally v. U.S. to halt the inexorable expansion of these statutes by adopting a rule of strict construction for ambiguous criminal statues . 
A `` senior Fed official '' spoke on Saturday after the market swoon to both the Washington Post and the New York Times , saying the Fed was prepared to provide as much credit as the markets needed . 
Under the agreement , BanPonce stockholders will be able to exchange each of their shares for either shares in the new entity or cash . 
`` I 'm a math major , but I want to know about psychobiology . 
Under prodding from Judge Abramson , a Minpeco executive flew in from Peru last week to talk directly with executives from Manufacturers Hanover on a settlement . 
The Galileo worm apparently was hatched on a computer in France hooked up to NASA 's Space Physics Analysis Network , Mr. Redmond said . 
In coming days , when the Big Board formulates its responses to the program-trading problem , Mr. Phelan may take a more public role in the issue . 
Among other stocks involved in restructurings or rumored to be so : Holiday Corp. gained 1 7\/8 to 73 and Honeywell rose 2 7\/8 to 81 1\/2 . 
General Electric Co. recently sold off its interests in liquid-crystal displays to Thompson-CSF of France . 
Power is back on , and UCSF { medical center } seems to have quieted down for the night ( they were doing triage out in the parking lot from the sound and lights of it ) . 
The official poverty threshold is set by the Office of Management and Budget . 
Looking back , he says he erred by stating his `` personal '' opposition to abortion instead of assuring voters that he would n't impose his views on `` policy '' as governor . 
Investors have gotten burned on silver so often that they are far more partial to gold , says Urs Seiler , senior vice president at Union Bank of Switzerland . 
CAROLG : 
Estimated volume was 3.5 million ounces . 
I view this as a building . '' 
But for a few minutes there , relief abounded . 
Without question , something intriguing is going on in the policy chambers of the Politburo . 
The department 's Office of Thrift Supervision said that does n't necessarily mean thrifts are biased , but conceded that it does n't have data about applicants to determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
That list includes last season 's champs , the Los Angeles Dodgers , who rode a miracle home run by Kirk Gibson and two faultless pitching performances by Orel Hershiser to a five-game triumph over a bewitched , bothered Oakland crew . 
The engine involved was a CF6-6 made by General Electric Co . 
Two years of coddling , down the drain . 
As with the previous pact , the new agreement covers the country 's debt `` inside the net , '' which applies mainly to repayments due to overseas creditor banks by the private sector . 
The Soviet Union should keep these lessons in mind as it seeks to establish the ruble as an international currency . 
Mr. Arias 's long-time refusal to support the U.S. 's campaign against leftist Nicaragua earned him the ire of the Reagan White House . 
Former National Assemblyman Hong Sa-Duk , now a radio commentator , says the problem is intolerable for many people . 
But Dr. Fraumeni , one of the authors of the report , said `` the declining rates we 're seeing for younger people we believe may be a harbinger of declining mortality in the future . '' 
Mr. Juliano thinks so . 
Many openings for mass cheating , such as questionable tax shelters and home offices , have gaped so broadly that Congress has passed stringent laws to close them . 
`` As far as we 're concerned , we 're waiting for the dust to settle , '' he said . 
The planned turbogenerator plant is expected to go into operation in 1994 . 
But his first crop wo n't be picked till next year . 
Diana D. Brooks , president of Sotheby 's North America division , vehemently denies it offered the Dorrance heirs a money-back guarantee , calling such reports `` inaccurate . '' 
The company said it does n't expect the new line 's capacity to adversely affect the company 's existing hot-dipped galvanizing lines . 
Ford Motor Co. intensified its battle with General Motors Corp. over Jaguar PLC by saying it is prepared to make a bid for all of the British auto maker when restrictions on its shareholding are lifted . 
`` As long as I am borrowing at 9.9 % and each { bond } yields over that , it enhances the yield , '' he maintains . 
But the government 's action , which caught Jaguar management flat-footed , may scuttle the GM minority deal by forcing it to fight for all of Jaguar . 
Other bills will be moving soon that are expected to carry many of the tax cuts , including both the capital-gains and IRA provisions . 
He is president and chief executive officer of Comerica Inc. in Detroit . 
Writing in the Harvard International Review , he says that his committee approves covert operations only when there 's a `` consensus . '' 
`` They may not have been able to articulate it all , but they did it , '' says Stephen Gillers , a legal ethics expert at New York University law school . 
Futures prices fell during three of five sessions last week , and the losses , individually and cumulatively , were greater than the advances . 
UAL , which closed on the Big Board Monday at $ 178.375 a share , traded in the third market afterward as low as $ 158 a share . 
One administration official said notification was required even if the U.S. `` gets wind '' of somebody else 's coup plans that seem likely to endanger a dictator 's life . 
Just beyond the city limits is a shantytown of 2,000 blacks who are employed throughout the area . 
That compares with 3.5 % butterfat for whole milk . 
He said the traders are demanding a higher level of proof before they will buy palladium again . 
Bioengineers set out to duplicate that feat -- scientifically and commercially -- with new life forms . 
Some diaries simply are n't worth snooping in . 
American Medical International : Senior notes , sinking-fund debentures , Euromarket notes , Eurobonds , Swiss franc bonds , unsecured loan stock to Ba3 from Baa2 ; convertible subordinated debentures , notes , and sinking-fund debentures to B2 from Baa3 . 
Moreover , the old contract was about to expire , and the lineup of Guber Peters pictures for Warner was n't as strong as it is now . 
The second incident took place after Mr. McDuffie gave an ambitious student recital and was feeling rather pleased with himself . 
For the nine months , AT&T said net income was $ 1.99 billion , or $ 1.85 a share , up 19 % from $ 1.67 billion , or $ 1.56 a share . 
Officials at the Department of Revenue had dogged the foreign car maker for taxes owed on business transactions and were proceeding to settle the dispute in court . 
A final agreement has not been signed , and the moves will not have a material effect on the company , Gillette said . 
Lotus Development Corp. feeds its evaluations into a computer , but only for storage ; the decisions are made by supervisors . 
Settlements reached in the first nine months of 1989 called for wage increases averaging 3.7 % in the first contract year and 3.1 % annually over the life of the contracts , the department said . 
October is a critical month for the privatization program . 
Stuart E. Eizenstat , a partner in the Washington law firm of Powell , Goldstein , Frazer & Murphy , was named a director of this utility holding company , increasing board membership to 14 . 
`` Now , I feel maybe there 's a little bit of euphoria . '' 
Meanwhile , personal income edged up 0.3 % . 
But Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net , a North Miami , Fla. , company that packages and sells the insider-trading data , said the proposal is worded so vaguely that key officials may fail to file the reports . 
`` I was never a rebel , '' he said in an earlier interview . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 135.9 million shares . 
People familiar with B.A.T say possible acquirers for the units include managers from both retailing chains , and General Cinema Corp. , which is interested in bidding for Saks . 
These are sometimes dubbed `` emerging '' growth companies , though they also have expanding-profit track records . 
When he later sided with striking hospital workers , some allies cringed a little more , concerned that Mr. Dinkins was setting the wrong tone for coming contract negotiations with city employees . 
He added that final guidelines to be published in early November will determine whether the bank is in compliance . 
Moreover , the company said higher sales and shipments to service centers from its Armco Steel Co. joint venture failed to offset weakness in the automotive market , higher production costs and a poorer product mix . 
`` Depending on the president , we could either be a trillion-dollar economy by the end of the century or stay where we are , '' says political scientist Amaury de Souza . 
When the Engelken family got back from its trip up north , Mr. Engelken wrote it all down , just to make sure no detail was missed . 
Many commuters who normally drove across the Bay Bridge , which is shut down for several weeks because of damage to one span , actually may have reached work a bit faster on BART yesterday , provided they could find a parking space at the system 's jammed stations . 
He has also agreed to become president of a new subsidiary to be formed to make future acquisitions , the company said . 
Peter Drake , biotechnology analyst for Vector Securities International , Chicago , thinks market uncertainty may encourage small companies to form more strategic alliances with big corporations . 
However , these figures do n't seem to worry Thomas A. Durkin , an economist at the Federal Reserve Board . 
Unless otherwise specified in a particular offer , the bonds wo n't be subject to redemption prior to maturity . 
The acceptances give Orkem a controlling 53.2 % stake in the company . 
On Sept. 6 , Robert Joseph Sherry , the firm 's senior vice president of employee and public relations , sold 4,000 shares , leaving himself with 1,062 shares of James River . 
On U.S.-Philippine relations : `` It 's such a mixed-up relationship going back into history ... . 
So if anything happened to me , I 'd want to leave behind enough so that my 33-year-old husband would be able to pay off the mortgage and some other debts ( though not , I admit , enough to put any potential second wife in the lap of luxury ) . 
Mutual funds are the among the largest holders of junk , accounting for more than a quarter of the entire high-yield , high-risk market . 
Pretoria releases the ANC leaders , most of whom were serving life sentences , and allows them to speak freely , hoping that the ANC will abandon its use of violence . 
Mr. Dorgen has changed tactics , dropping the seat-for-the-secretary idea . 
A group of senior Conservative legislators , complaining the House of Commons was like a sauna , demanded that the experiment be stopped unless the intensity of the lights is reduced . 
Shearson Lehman , however , executes program trades for clients . 
`` For someone who has everything else -- Reggie 's jersey , cap and cards -- his checks might be a nice addition , '' says William Vizas , owner of Bill 's Sports Collectibles in Denver , who examined the checks at the San Francisco card show . 
While the incidents involving interest-rate options and forward-rate agreements are unrelated , some observers say they echo a 1987 incident in which Bankers Trust New York Corp. restated the value of its foreign exchange options contracts downward by about $ 80 million . 
`` We do not feel that seats are reserved ( for patent lawyers ) , '' says Justice spokesman David Runkel , who declines to say how soon a candidate will be named . 
But lawyers said Mr. Steinberg probably faced much more potential liability because , when he sued Disney during his takeover battle , he filed on behalf of all shareholders . 
It was horrible . 
Corporate , Other Issues 
On the morning of the long-planned announcement , International Business Machines Corp. is to introduce its own new mainframe . 
Scientists say the discovery of these genes in recent months is painting a new and startling picture of how cancer develops . 
Brooks Brothers ' aim is for 20 % of total sales to come from the women 's department , up from the current 12 % . 
Prices also closed higher in Singapore , Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Hong Kong and Manila but were lower in Seoul . 
In 17 central states , one small-business count shows lawmakers adopted only three of 46 bills mandating health coverage or parental leave . 
The wind , stinging with sand , never seems to stop . 
In fact , only 28 defendants would have been eligible for federal death sentences if the Thurmond bill had been in effect in the past three years , according to a study by the Senate Judiciary Committee 's Democratic staff . 
The proposed stock offering and issuance of nearly 1.8 million common shares in connection with the land purchase will bring MGM Grand 's total shares outstanding to 28.7 million , of which 72 % will be owned by Mr. Kerkorian and Tracinda , according to the prospectus . 
A small farmer and a seaport merchant could not be represented by the same spokesman , they said . 
For months the Johns Hopkins researchers , using gene probes , experimentally crawled down the length of chromosome 17 , looking for the smallest common bit of genetic material lost in all tumor cells . 
Mr. Stevens said he kept a `` buy\/hold '' recommendation on the stock only because `` all the damage has been done . '' 
According to Ned Davis , president of Ned Davis Research Inc. in Nokomis , Fla. , the average drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average was about 21 % , and the decrease began an average of six months before a recession officially started . 
He estimated the breakup value at $ 55 a share . 
The average yield on the bills was 7.35 % , down from 7.61 % at the previous 52-week bill auction Sept. 21 . 
The other five Bay area counties have increased their total damage estimates to $ 2.8 billion . 
If there 's somethin' strange in your neighborhood ... 
Volume totaled 10,450,000 shares . 
Earlier reports , which revealed that as many as 73 companies were avoiding income tax legally , have been credited with helping galvanize efforts to overhaul the tax code . 
The project appeared to be on the rocks earlier this month when the other major partner in the project , China General Plastics Corp. , backed out . 
But his chance to become deputy mayor under Mayor Abraham Beame , a plan boosted by Mr. Sutton , was squandered because of Mr. Dinkins 's failure -- still largely unexplained -- to file income tax returns for four years running . 
Hyundai , the Korean market leader with a 58 % share , also plans to jump into minicars at the same time . 
Serial certificates yield to 7.10 % in 2004 . 
It has n't diversified beyond steel , nor has it linked up with a joint venture partner to share costs and risks . 
There 's a memorable passage in which Mr. Shields , having finally learned of the practice , expresses his outrage to Bill Clements , then a university governor ( and now the governor of Texas ! ) and oil man Edwin Cox , chairman of the board of trustees . 
Northeast 's raised bid , which was supported by PS of New Hampshire 's official shareholder committee , is a prelude to what is expected to be a round of higher bids by the other groups trying to acquire the company , the largest utility in New Hampshire . 
Gasoline for November delivery was off 1.26 cents a gallon to 54.58 cents . 
The young John Gutfreund had been discovered by Billy Salomon of Salomon Bros. when he was still a bearded liberal , and put to work as a trader , and then as a rough-and-tumble syndicator . 
Documents filed by prosecutors also indicate that Mr. Lavelle and his fellow conspirators requested and obtained `` approval of the scheme '' from more-senior Sperry officials `` because the payment which { Mr . } Tomlin requested was so large . '' 
Other tax breaks also are likely to be restored or created in the coming months as special interest groups try to undo the 1986 tax overhaul . 
In recent months , California 's Transportation Department has been recruiting in Pennsylvania , Arizona and Texas for engineers experienced in road and bridge design . 
And his relative youth could help him project a more vibrant image , contrasting with the perception of Mr. Honecker as an out-of-touch old man . 
Rally 's , a Louisville , Ky. , fast-food chain , alleges that the three investors , who are directors of the company , broke securities laws because they did n't disclose their intentions to acquire a big Rally 's stake . 
`` Do n't take this as some big opening for major movement on economic cooperation , or arms control , or the environment , '' he said . 
`` We were expecting it , following the fall of the Dow Friday , '' said Brenda Malizia Negus , editor of Money Fund Report . 
Mobil Corp. is in the midst of cutting back its exploration and production group , which finds and develops oil and gas reserves in the U.S. , by as much as 15 % as part of a new restructuring of that sector of its business . 
Independent providers of financial information , including Quotron , have been under some pressure as the major securities houses try to regain their hold on the production of market data and on the related revenue . 
International Technology , an environmental management concern , said the contract includes construction of slurry walls , gas collection systems , a multilayer cap and water treatment plant . 
Caltrans plans to add a second deck for buses and car pools above the median of a 2.5-mile stretch of the Harbor Freeway just south of Los Angeles , near the Memorial Coliseum . 
`` The more extensive the voir dire , the easier you make it for that kind of research to be effective , and I do n't think courts should lend themselves to that , '' Mr. Boies says . 
Each time a new scandal hits , he says , `` it pulls the scabs off your knees . '' 
Sen. Bob Packwood ( R. , Ore. ) , the leading Republican proponent of the tax cut , did n't disagree . 
IBM and MCA formed Discovision in 1979 to make laser-read optical products . 
Two analysts who have read the transcripts , David Nelson of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Calvert D. Crary , a litigation analyst at Labe , Simpson & Co. , think Judge A. David Mazzone will decide in Kodak 's favor on the `` willful and deliberate '' issue . 
Industrial Funding Corp. , initial offering of common stock , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Piper Jaffray & Hopwood . 
`` If the { new } deal had us putting up less money but still having 15 % , that would be a point in our favor , '' he said . 
WATCH FOR EARNINGS DISAPPOINTMENTS . 
The developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships said preliminary results indicate that about 1,749,000 shares had been tendered , giving a preliminary proration factor of 0.6287 . 
Earlier this year , Martin Feldstein , president of the National Bureau of Economic Research , argued forcefully that a government that wants steady , stable exchange rates might try some steady stable economic policies . 
By the time it paid its expenses it only had $ 120,000 left -- not enough to treat even one child . 
At one point yesterday morning , the Dow was down 80.53 points . 
Metro Bank 
Trinova Corp. said it will resume buying back as many as three million of its common shares under a program announced two years ago . 
The yield on the issue slipped to 7.91 % . 
Imperial Holly fell 1 5\/8 to 27 1\/8 in the wake of its third-quarter earnings report . 
`` I 'm not obligated to sit down and talk to anybody , '' the Jaguar chairman asserted yesterday . 
Yet I would venture that the landscape of our country alone would justify the use of this lofty adjective ... . 
Scott Paper Co. said it is abandoning a proposed $ 650 million tree-farming project in Indonesia because it no longer expects to use as much eucalyptus pulp as previously anticipated . 
Although manufacturers often are quick to call for lower interest rates , 60 % of the executives said they would prefer that the Fed keep inflation-fighting as its top priority even if that means higher rates . 
Inmac Corp. , a money-losing direct marketer of computer supplies and accessories , said directors suspended payment of its semiannual dividend as too great a drain on funds . 
`` Employers who saw a short-term moderation in benefit expenditures are seeing a return to previous trends . '' 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
Behind the silly posturing lies a real dispute . 
Now , sterilized intervention may have some effect . 
a - Totals include only vehicle sales reported in the period . 
It implies very dramatic growth , '' he said . 
Factoring involves the purchase and collection of another company 's receivables . 
But such partnerships are common in mining , where there are n't problems or conflict of interest or risk of cheating by a partner , '' Trelleborg 's president says . 
People who remain in junk funds now could get hit again , some analysts and fund specialists say . 
The State Department says that any Khmer Rouge participation would have to be `` minimal . '' 
`` We have to keep working at improving our core business to stay efficient . 
`` These days , anything can happen . 
AT&T said the special retirement option will increase fourth-quarter expenses . 
Daiwa is one of the world 's largest securities firms . 
`` My staff indicated that had we made such findings in one of our own institutions , we would have sought an immediate cease-and-desist order to stop the hazardous operations , '' Mr. Seidman said . 
Producers also are trying to differentiate by concentrating on higher-profit output , such as coated and electrogalvanized products , which remain beyond the reach of minimills . 
`` But he may not have a choice . '' 
A few years ago , I was on a panel of journalists that discussed the `` image '' of intercollegiate athletics for an audience of campus information directors and others . 
The big futures buying triggered stock-index buy programs that eventually trimmed the Dow 's loss to 31 points by 11 a.m . 
Expenses are flat and that 's a good sign . 
Advocates hope that such standards will improve treatment while limiting unnecessary tests and medical procedures . 
But by 3:15 p.m. , with the market comfortably ahead for the day , Mr. Sherman was preparing to undo his switch . 
So Mr. Carter formed three new Army divisions and gave them to a new bureaucracy in Tampa called the Rapid Deployment Force . 
Joseph Flom , of Skadden , Arps , Slote , Meagher & Flom , which became a leading legal firm in merger cases , said the case `` made takeovers respectable . '' 
The stock closed yesterday at $ 33.625 , giving Mr. Icahn 's 33.6 million shares a value of $ 1.13 billion . 
`` It can backfire because companies can step across the line and go too far , be too pushy , '' agrees Gary Stibel , a principal with New England Consulting Group , Westport , Conn . 
The business is n't related to Lotus 's main businesses of making computer software and publishing information on compact disks . 
The 23-5 vote clears the way for consideration on the House floor next week or the week after . 
The consultants had been working to finish a report this week . 
The CFTC may take those arguments into account by allowing exceptions to its restrictions . 
In addition , the company has made it tough on competitors by offering a stream of desktop computers at sharply lower prices . 
He gives pep talks in periodic `` family briefings '' beamed internationally on `` FXTV , '' the company 's own television network . 
Bonuses would be paid based on playing time and performance . 
Sales of rolling bearings increased 19 % to 15.7 billion kronor from 13.2 billion kronor in the corresponding period the previous year . 
`` The last few days will surely slow down the pace of events , '' says Scottish Amicable 's Mr. Gilchrist . 
In its new ad campaign , created by D'Arcy Masius Benton & Bowles Inc. , Chicago , the ski industry is trying to change its image as a sport primarily for young white people . 
In recent years , carriers have become much more picky about who can fly on the cheap . 
The bill must be enacted before the cuts can be restored . 
Takeover-stock traders , stung by their huge losses in UAL stock , remained eager for some action by an outside catalyst following the collapse Oct. 13 of a $ 300-a-share , $ 6.79 billion labor-management buy-out . 
Warner has surpassed Sony as the largest record company , but it does n't have a powerful world-wide record club like CBS . 
NEW JERSEY MERGER : 
Calgon Carbon Corp. said it will build a $ 40 million plant for producing granular activated carbon . 
Automatic Data is redeeming the bonds because the after-tax cost of the interest on the bonds is higher than the dividend yield on the common , a spokesman said . 
The council 's report is based on data the trade group buys from the U.S. Census Bureau . 
General Electric Co. 's rail-car leasing unit completed the $ 178.5 million purchase of similar businesses from Leucadia National Corp. and Brae Corp. , 74%-owned by Leucadia , the sellers said . 
Investors were concerned that they might be unable to exercise options that expire tomorrow . 
NRM Energy Co. said it filed materials with the Securities and Exchange Commission calling for it to restructure into a corporation from a limited partnership . 
Commodore International expects to post its second consecutive quarterly loss because of weak personal computer sales in some markets . 
Dr. Redfield 's report on early experiments using an AIDS vaccine made by MicroGeneSys Inc. of West Haven , Conn. , came at a meeting of AIDS vaccine researchers in Florida late Monday . 
JKD : 
There are $ 86,525,000 of 7 1\/8 % bonds priced at 97 3\/4 to yield 7.31 % in 2019 . 
Adm. Goupil said that when the F-18s wear out , the navy is prepared to take Rafales to replace them . 
Shearson was sued by money manager George Soros , who claimed one of his funds was defrauded out of $ 60 million during stock-index futures trading just after the 1987 crash . 
But given the political importance of California , the administration was content to use its influence to prevent any Senate amendments adding further new appropriations . 
PAY FOR PERFORMANCE hangs mostly on boss 's subjective view . 
`` There certainly has n't been a panic reaction , '' said Steven Norwitz , a vice president at T. Rowe Price Associates . 
Personnel spent the morning inspecting buildings for structural weaknesses , mopping up water from broken pipes and clearing ceiling tiles and other debris from factory floors . 
That settlement represented the first time shareholders were granted a major payment in a greenmail case . 
PROSECUTOR TO JOIN Gibson Dunn : 
The Bank of England , on the other hand , had gold reserves that averaged about 30 % of its outstanding currency , and Bank of England notes were accepted throughout the world . 
Some companies , including Heinz , even pay part of the fee . 
Ultimately , that carefully picked jury deadlocked with a 10-2 vote to acquit , and the prosecution decided not to retry the case . 
Yet even these insulting caricatures are not as bad as the moral hypocrisy at the heart of `` Settle the Score . '' 
American Home Products Corp. wants to acquire Robins , but only if all legal challenges to the plan are exhausted . 
`` It 's back to tax-give-away time for the select few , '' says Rep. William Gray of Pennsylvania , the third-ranking Democrat in the House . 
Canada 's export effort has been blunted by robust home market demand and by an 18 % appreciation of the Canadian dollar against its U.S. counterpart in the past three years that has made Canadian goods more costly in the U.S. . 
Other weak blue-chip issues included Chevron , which went down 2 to 64 7\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 1.3 million shares ; Goodyear Tire & Rubber , off 1 1\/2 to 46 3\/4 , and American Express , down 3\/4 to 37 1\/4 . 
Winnebago Industries Inc. , battered by a deepening slowdown in recreational vehicle industry sales , reported a widened fourth-quarter loss and slashed its dividend in half . 
`` The situation you want to avoid is having somebody not save anything and hope they 'll be able to do it out of current income , '' he says . 
` When the quake hit , we turned on our emergency generator and brought our computers up , '' he says . 
For months the resistance has been defenseless against air attack . 
Artists and draftsmen need harder `` leads . '' 
As for the projects remaining at Warner , Mr. Guber says , `` Mr. Semel informed me that Warner 's producers have already started a ` feeding frenzy ' for our projects . 
The Treasury contended that TVA could n't borrow from both it and the public debt market . 
General unsecured creditors of Maxicare 's discontinued operations , whose claims total $ 110 million , initially will receive $ 17.8 million in cash and $ 10 million in senior notes . 
Though the Cubs ' championship season ended with the National League playoffs , a revival of the Organic Theater 's production of `` Bleacher Bums , '' a play in nine innings set in the Wrigley Field bleachers , continues within spitting distance of the ballpark . 
The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
Each weekday matches a sponsor and a topic : On Mondays , Unilever N.V. 's Lever Bros. sponsors tips on diet and exercise , followed by a 30-second Lever Bros. commercial . 
Press agents and public-relations practitioners are notorious name-droppers . 
On Friday , Datuk Daim added spice to an otherwise unremarkable address on Malaysia 's proposed budget for 1990 by ordering the Kuala Lumpur Stock Exchange `` to take appropriate action immediately '' to cut its links with the Stock Exchange of Singapore . 
Many bankers view property-sector loans as particularly risky . 
Alcohol and substance abuse as a result of stress-related problems was cited by 30 % of those polled . 
Eastern 's Class F preferred rose 12 % , or 1 1\/4 , to 11 3\/4 ; the Class E preferred gained 7 % , or 5\/8 , to 10 1\/4 . 
Elsewhere , stock prices were lower in Brussels , Milan and Stockholm , and mixed in Amsterdam , Paris and Zurich . 
Apogee Enterprises Inc. said profit for the third quarter ending Dec. 2 will fall below the year-earlier results because of an after-tax charge of $ 1.9 million related to a project that was guaranteed by the company . 
The removal of Mr. Honecker was apparently the result of bitter infighting within the top ranks of the Communist party . 
Stock prices surged as a multibillion-dollar takeover proposal helped restore market players ' confidence about the prospects for further deal-making . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Meson said it holds 67,400 Verit common shares , including net purchases of 8,100 shares bought from Oct. 10 , 1988 , to Oct. 11 , 1989 , for $ 3.875 to $ 7 each . 
The two developments put the acquisition attempt back to square one and leaves the airline with an array of unresolved matters , including an unsettled labor situation and a management scrambling to restore its damaged credibility . 
The three existing plants and their land will be sold . 
That means that the U.S. trade deficit was running closer to $ 75 billion than to $ 95 billion in 1988 , and $ 55 billion ( annualized ) rather than $ 80 billion in the first quarter of 1989 . 
When Isabella ( Ellen Lauren ) confronts her brother Claudio ( Matt Loney ) in his cell , explaining the price she has been asked to secure his freedom ; when Isabella and the disguised Duke ( Philip Kerr ) conspire to trick Angelo ; and when Mariana ( Annalee Jefferies ) , a woman wronged by Angelo , confronts him with his past misdeeds , the performers bring the dramatic high points to life with intense energy and intelligence . 
The state 's opposition to the use of dispersants , Exxon says , caused the Coast Guard `` to delay granting permission . '' 
`` Inflation could be a real surprise , '' said Samuel D. Kahan , chief financial economist at Kleinwort Benson Government Securities Inc. , in Chicago . 
Mr. Thompson calls discounting `` a loser 's game for anyone without a dominant market share , '' and projected that Anheuser 's statement of intent could simply be a means of warning competitors to ease up on price-cutting or face a costly and fruitless battle . 
We 'll coordinate on this end to places like Bangkok , Singapore and Manila . '' 
Matagorda County Navigation District No. 1 , Texas -- 
A federal court jury in New York found U.S. Rep. Robert Garcia ( D. , N.Y . ) and his wife , Jane Lee Garcia , guilty of extorting $ 76,000 from Wedtech in return for official acts by the congressman . 
This time , however , some analysts think he could face a real battle . 
And , all the while , Panama 's debt problems continued to grow . 
`` By filing for Chapter 11 , the Merksamer chain will only need approval from a bankruptcy judge for the sale , not the hundreds of unsecured creditors , '' said this executive . 
Bally bought the former MGM Grand hotel-casino from Kirk Kerkorian four years ago . 
Some traders said institutions were waiting to see the U.S. jobless rate to be issued Friday . 
Detroit-based GM does n't issue separate quarterly earnings for the North American automotive business . 
Currently , a registered investment adviser can expect an SEC audit only once every 12 years . 
He emphasized that the car maker only would bid for all of Jaguar under the right circumstances , and said `` those circumstances are n't right or possible at the moment . '' 
Prices this week will likely be dominated by reports on the progress of the corn and soybean harvest as well as by speculation about more purchases of U.S. crops by the Soviet Union . 
Mr. Rifenburgh told industry analysts he is moving `` aggressively '' to negotiate out-of-court settlements on a number of shareholder lawsuits , but noted that the company could file for bankruptcy-law protection if settlement talks fail . 
As soon as the tremor passed , many people spontaneously arose and cheered , as though it had been a novel kind of pre-game show . 
This Los Angeles company and its Union Federal Savings Bank subsidiary said more than 99 % of their 7 1\/4 % convertible subordinated debentures due 2011 were tendered for conversion into UnionFed common stock . 
The real income of wage-earning families in the month eased 1.2 % to 438,845 yen from the previous year . 
With `` Planet News , '' music meant to accompany readings of Allen Ginsberg 's `` Wichita Vortex Sutra , '' Mr. Glass gets going . 
`` I 'm happy and sad , '' he said . 
During his tenure , Mr. Corr attempted through a series of meetings to inform managers of some of the company 's future plans , traveled widely to talk to employees and backed training sessions designed to improve the carrier 's image . 
NIH staff members believe the guidelines are essential to prevent the escalation of problems that have already begun to surface in scientific ventures . 
`` There 's a satisfaction in going against the rules , '' offers Will McEnaney , once a stopper with Cincinnati 's Big Red Machine . 
A SEC proposal to ease reporting requirements for some company executives would undermine the usefulness of information on insider trades as a stock-picking tool , individual investors and professional money managers contend . 
The subsidiary also increased reserves by $ 140 million , however , and set aside an additional $ 25 million for claims connected with Hurricane Hugo . 
Gene-splicing now is an integral part of the drug business . 
Microsoft earned $ 3.03 a share in fiscal 1989 . 
Disorderly market conditions could be observed quite frequently in foreign exchange markets in the 1960s and 1970s . 
Per-share figures this year reflect $ 6.8 million in preferred-share dividends ; the 1988 quarter did n't have such a payout . 
`` One team pays so much and the other pays more . 
When it comes to investing , trying to weigh risk and reward can seem like throwing darts blindfolded : Investors do n't know the actual returns that securities will deliver , or the ups and downs that will occur along the way . 
This system produced boring , boxy cars that consumers just were n't buying . 
Mr. Kravis apparently thinks SCI TV can survive if lenders extend its debt payments until TV stations rise in value again , allowing SCI TV to sell assets to pay debt . 
Many Arizona real-estate experts think the worst may be yet to come . 
If Washington 's elites ever succeed in bursting the tax dam , Americans will be engulfed in a red sea of new spending programs , such as federalized child care . 
But the 5-4 ruling may have had as much immediate impact on those activities -- especially trespassing -- as on abortion rights . 
Rand Corp. researchers Linda Waite and Frances Goldscheider analyzed a large sample of married women with at least one child at home between the ages of six and 18 . 
Jefferies Group Inc. said third-quarter net income fell 4 % , to $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share , from $ 2.3 million , or 31 cents a share on more shares , a year earlier . 
`` Talk hurts from where it spurts , '' one of them says . 
Some frantically dumped belongings into pillowcases , others threw goods out windows . 
Remaining proceeds were used to pay other debt and to finance the company 's capital spending program . 
It should be a scream . 
Moreover , both sides may face political critics . 
Channel One , a satellite-delivered daily program supported by advertising , is scheduled to be launched next March . 
But he estimated that a raider would have been able to amass no more than 4 % of the shares in recent months . 
Net loss : $ 1.7 million vs. net income : $ 21.2 million ; or 12 cents a share 
That 's well over half a billion dollars more than ABC and NBC were willing to pay . 
Mr. Alito said his office `` just responded to an attorney 's question about whether we would go after attorney 's fees , and that is different from actually doing it , although we reserve that right . '' 
This global warming must have been entirely natural -- nobody would blame it on a few hundred thousand hunter-gatherers hunting mammoths and scratching around in caves . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , AMI common closed at $ 23.625 , up 12.5 cents , on volume of almost 1.8 million . 
`` They ca n't take the hit '' to their earnings , he said . 
Sales dropped 2 % , to $ 4.8 billion from $ 4.9 billion . 
`` There is strong indication that ` Teddy Z ' is not compatible with the shows it is surrounding , '' said John Sisk , senior vice president at J. Walter Thompson Co. , a unit of WPP Group PLC . 
Last year , Morgan Grenfell shut down its ailing U.K. securities operations . 
Mercedes-Benz , which had said it did n't owe taxes to Massachusetts partly because it sells its cars at a dock in Baltimore and not in Massachusetts , did n't explain its change of heart . 
The Japanese use 40 % of the world 's ivory . 
However , Raymond C. Kurzweil , chairman and chief executive , said `` The company continues to require additional funding to realize the potential of its technology . '' 
Mr. Noriega had learned that a local union leader was sleeping with the wife of his deputy . 
But will it ? 
Distributed by the Hearst Corp. 's Eastern News , the glossy publication melds Vanity Fair 's gossipy archness and Premiere 's earnest delving into behind-the-scenes minutiae , with a special emphasis on Tinseltown as fashion trendsetter . 
Mr. Trump withdrew his bid before the AMR board , which is due to meet tomorrow , ever formally considered it . 
In a telephone interview Friday , Dr. Toseland said the number of sudden , unexplained deaths of diabetics he had seen this year was 17 compared with just two in 1985 . 
Reuben Mark , chairman and chief executive officer of Colgate , said earnings growth was fueled by strong sales in Latin America , the Far East and Europe . 
Three novels , `` The Beginning and the End '' ( 412 pages , $ 19.95 ) , `` The Thief and the Dogs '' ( 158 pages , $ 16.95 ) , and `` Wedding Song '' ( 174 pages , $ 16.95 ) , recently published by Doubleday offer an uneven sample of the 77-year-old Mr. Mahfouz 's talent . 
It contends that current government policy is failing to stem the AIDS epidemic because it suggests the use of condoms can make sex `` safe . '' 
Apple Computer improved 7\/8 to 47 5\/8 ; Intel slipped 1\/4 to 33 1\/4 , and Valley National Corp. was up 1\/8 to 15 1\/8 . 
As of Aug. 31 , thrifts held $ 185 billion in mortgage-backed securities . 
Among legislative provisions attached to the bill is a ban on any Treasury Department expenditure for enforcement of a 1986 tax provision intended to counter discrimination in employee-benefit plans . 
Within the same nine months , News Corp. closed down In Fashion , a once-promising young woman 's fashion magazine , Drake Publications Inc. has folded the long-troubled Venture magazine , and Lang Communications has announced Ms. magazine , after 17 years , will no longer carry advertising as of January . 
Price : $ 4.50 ) . 
A similar demand was made by a group that represents some of United 's 26,000 noncontract employees . 
UPJOHN Co. reported that third-quarter net income rose to $ 96 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 89.6 million , or 49 cents a share , a year earlier . 
As usual , the over-the-counter market 's biggest technology stocks were hardest hit . 
Wheeling-Pittsburgh Steel Corp. said it decided to proceed with installation of automatic gauge and shape controls at its 60-inch tandem cold rolling mill in Allenport , Pa . 
Bausch & Lomb Inc. said its pharmaceuticals subsidiary agreed to supply collagen corneal shields for animal eye surgery to a unit of International Minerals & Chemical Corp . 
But how sweet it is . 
A company spokesman said yesterday that Coca-Cola Enterprises sticks by its 1989 forecast . 
`` A situation like San Francisco is so frightening because there 's no warning . 
`` But it 's an enormous business opportunity . 
Other winners Monday included nonferrous metals , which attracted investors because of a surge in gold prices on the back of the unstable dollar . 
`` People were waiting to see if we would take an additional provision '' for medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries , a Citicorp spokesman said . 
In the last few weeks , Moscow has added FROG-7B missiles , the bomber version of the An-12 , MiG-23BN high-altitude aircraft , MiG-29s , which can outfly Pakistan 's U.S.-built F16s , and Sukhoi SU-27 fighter-bombers , which can outfly the MiG-29s . 
And for every champion , there are plenty of nags . 
Cray 's directors set Nov. 15 as the record date for distribution of shares in the new company , to be called Cray Computer Corp . 
`` He would , '' agrees the chairman . 
A specialist is an exchange member designated to maintain a fair and orderly market in a specified stock . 
Anheuser-Busch Cos. said it plans to aggressively discount its major beer brands , setting the stage for a potentially bruising price war as the maturing industry 's growth continues to slow . 
Already , ruling Liberal Democratic Party demands that opposition members testify under oath in parliament have stalled one budget committee session and forced the committee to plan a special two-day investigation at the end of the month . 
By 2007 , when this year 's newborns hit campus , a four-year Ivy League sheepskin will cost $ 300,000 , give or take a few pizzas-with-everything at exam time . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 16 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.37 % 13 weeks ; 7.42 % 26 weeks . 
In addition , special bidding rules give the bank 's former owner , Leonardo Ty , the right to match the highest bid . 
The ad agency 's pretax profit margins were slightly under 10 % at the time of the takeover , according to analysts ; London-based WPP 's goal is to increase margins to 12 % . 
Normally , a company pays a portion of the total cost of a ship as it reaches various stages of construction . 
Along with the car , Wacoal plans to launch a series of Caspita-brand men 's underwear . 
Never mind that her husband prefers Crest . 
Nissan had record net income of 114.63 billion yen ( $ 868 million ) in the fiscal year ended last March 31 , a remarkable recovery from the 20.39 billion yen of two years earlier , when the company lost money on operations . 
Shearson , meanwhile , posted net income of $ 106 million for the first nine months of the year , down slightly from $ 110 million for the year-ago period . 
The dispute stems from pretrial maneuvering in the pending court case , in which prosecutors have been demanding access to a host of internal company memos , reports and documents . 
They say the recent market volatility has underscored the shortcomings of the way many European exchanges trade stocks . 
But `` they were n't on my list of companies who were critical to be a part of it . '' 
( `` Food manufacturer changes spelling of ` catsup ' to ` ketchup , ' saying that 's the spelling people now prefer . '' 
Which cars do Americans favor most these days ? 
`` My style is less informal , '' Mr. Brawer says . 
A recent pro-choice rally in Trenton drew thousands , and in a major reversal , Congress is defying a presidential veto and demanding that Medicaid abortions be permitted in cases of rape and incest . 
So far , as a price-conscious shopper , Manville has n't bought much . 
The burning question is whether the new chief can parry Mr. Icahn without being pushed into unwelcome moves . 
The 40-year-old Buddy L concern , based in New York , designs and develops toys under the names `` Buddy L '' and `` My First Buddy , '' he said . 
The characters confront a world in which it seems increasingly difficult to find a `` middle way '' between the extremes of success and failure , wealth and poverty . 
It is eliminating the positions of president and chief operating officer , formerly held by Edward L. Marinaro . 
Pacific Gas & Electric Co. fell 37.5 cents to $ 19.625 . 
The would-be raider even hired an investment banker to give teeth to his takeover threat , which was widely interpreted as an effort to flush out an acquirer for USAir , or for his own stake . 
Real estate analyst Lloyd Lynford says the Northeast 's distress is masked by relatively low vacancy rates . 
New orders for durable goods fell back slightly in September after shooting up the month before , reflecting weakening auto demand after a spurt of orders for new 1990 models , the Commerce Department reported . 
Do n't worry ; people will learn to read as long as there are TV program listings . 
The movie , he says , is in its post-production stages of `` cleaning up the film . '' 
He served as Mr. Roderick 's front man in tense negotiations for the 1982 purchase of Marathon Oil for $ 5.9 billion . 
New experiments at some of the big national laboratories are still unable to find hints of nuclear fusion reactions , leaving only the finding of tritium in a Texas experiment to support University of Utah chemists ' claim of achieving hydrogen fusion at room temperatures . 
Sen. Pete Domenici ( R. , N.M. ) , the ranking Republican on the Senate Budget Committee , used his influence to preserve more than $ 132,000 in subsidies for air service to Sante Fe , N.M. , and more than $ 2.1 million would go for service to eight communities in the western Nebraska district of GOP Rep. Virginia Smith on the House Appropriations Committee . 
In addition , the coalition of labor and management , longtime enemies who joined forces only under the threat of Mr. Davis 's bid , could break apart now . 
Then Procter & Gamble Co. agreed to buy Noxell Corp. for $ 1.3 billion . 
As part of the restructuring , WCRS and Eurocom said they will look for ways to combine their media buying across Europe . 
The competition is even more heated in the auto industry , where companies are racing one another in a world-wide market . 
This service identifies each caller 's phone number , and it can be used to generate instant mailing lists . 
`` Silver production is also in an inexorable upward trend , '' Ms. O'Connell says . 
Individuals and corporations , as well as dealers trading for their own account , actively bought Tuesday . 
These changes come a tad late for Princeton\/Newport , the first RICOed securities firm . 
And taking more direct action has the advantage of avoiding sharp increases in the money supply , such as happened in October 1987 . 
Profits improved across Hess 's businesses . 
State thrift examiner Eugene Stelzer said he found the chief federal examiner Steve Scott to be totally uninterested in one allegedly fraudulent series of transactions . 
Explosions shook a Phillips Petroleum Co. plastics plant near Pasadena , Texas , hurling debris and causing a fire visible from 10 miles away . 
Analysts believe the car makers also will create joint ventures to develop new executive models , doubling Jaguar 's yearly output of 50,000 cars . 
Unisys Corp. 's announcement Friday of a $ 648.2 million loss for the third quarter showed that the company is moving even faster than expected to take write-offs on its various problems and prepare for a turnaround next year . 
Futures prices showed modest changes in light trading volume . 
Profit rates after the great merger wave are no higher , and now we have an extremely high-interest burden relative to cash flow . 
A retired electrical engineer we 'll call Ben works part-time as a consultant , but he does n't want to earn so much that Social Security reduces his benefits . 
Westinghouse expects operating margins of over 10 % and sharply higher earnings per share next year due to a major restructuring . 
And he indicated that more substantial improvement is expected in the next couple of quarters . 
But Showtime has continued to sign new contracts with Hollywood studios , and yesterday announced it will buy movies from Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , which currently has a non-exclusive arrangement with HBO . 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Although conferees are still putting the finishing touches on the package , the final agreement could be announced as early as tomorrow . 
It may also expedite the SEC 's modest pending changes in junk-bond disclosure rules and intensify the Treasury 's look at plans for giving new tax breaks on dividends and raising taxes on short-term trades by pension funds . 
His strategy against D.T. was based on a thorough study of dozens of its games , he said , including its notorious whippings of the grandmasters Bent Larsen of Denmark and Robert Byrne of the U.S. . 
MLX , which also makes aircraft and heavy-duty truck parts , said the debt was accumulated during its acquisition of nine businesses that make up the group , the biggest portion of which was related to the 1986 purchase of a Hillman Co. unit . 
One group of middle-aged manufacturing men from the company 's Zama plant outside Tokyo was supposed to check out a trendy restaurant in the city . 
You pay a set premium for a set amount of coverage , the company invests that premium in a portfolio of its choosing , and your cash value and dividends grow over the years . 
These days Nissan can afford that strategy , even though profits are n't exactly robust . 
Unlike the other nations of the bloc , East Germany is a creature of the Cold War . 
And he said the weakness could continue in the first half of next year . 
The separate contracts were from Paragould Light & Water Commission , a utility in Paragould , Ark. , and PSE Inc. , a cogeneration-plant operator in Houston . 
A lifelong revolutionary with little education who fought both the French and the U.S.-backed Saigon regime , she switched effortlessly to commerce after the war . 
`` The feeling among many experts on the commercial side is that the price paid at the time was excessive in any event , '' Mr. Tunick says . 
Defense experts say joint projects are increasingly squeezed by budget pressures and the desire to save domestic jobs ; some also fear rising protectionism as European unity nears . 
He 's the senator most like Arthur Vandenberg , the GOP senator from Michigan who worked to forge a bipartisan foreign policy in the 1940s . 
He would not reveal which magazines he is considering . 
Wisconsin Toy currently has about 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
As a result , the official said , they may be forced into a no-win situation in which they make risky loans that they could have to write off later . 
But according to David Jones , Humana 's chief executive , it promotes technology monopolies , stifles innovation and raises prices . 
Underwriting does n't get under way until after morning tea at 10 a.m . 
Insurers , such as Cigna Corp. , Transamerica Corp , and Aetna Life & Casualty Co. , buy reinsurance from other U.S.-based companies and Lloyd 's of London for one catastrophe at a time . 
Canada 's trade surplus with all countries narrowed to C$ 203.5 million in August from C$ 528.3 million in July , Statistics Canada said . 
Baker , Nye Investments , a New York takeover-stock trader that owns UAL stock , would n't comment on reports the firm is considering seeking such a shareholder vote . 
The nation 's holdings of foreign currencies increased $ 5.67 billion in September to $ 39.08 billion , while its gold reserves were virtually unchanged at $ 11.07 billion . 
Over the past nine months , several firms , including discount broker Charles Schwab & Co. and Sears , Roebuck & Co. 's Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. unit , have attacked program trading as a major market evil . 
In addition to an 18 % stake in the Veslefrikk offshore field , the Norwegian unit has interests ranging from 10 % to 25 % in three other Norwegian oil and gas production licenses . 
Ponce Federal said the dividend was suspended in anticipation of more stringent capital requirements under the Financial Institutions Reform , Recovery , and Enforcement Act of 1989 . 
And when they lose , then we can expect China to stop aid . 
WHO 'S NEWS : Stephen Novick , 49 , was named executive vice president , deputy creative director at Grey Advertising , New York . 
Since then , a second group of franchisees has banded together to try to wrestle control of the unit from Mr. Posner . 
The company said the dollar 's continued strengthening reduced world-wide sales growth by three percentage points . 
Blue Arrow added 1\/2 to 17 1\/4 . 
John Mack promptly quit his job last spring as an aide to Speaker Wright amid public outrage over Mr. Mack 's violent attack on a young woman when he was 19 years old . 
Now that Vietnam appears to have pulled out its occupation army , the State Department is talking again about accepting an `` interim '' coalition government in the Cambodian capital of Phnom Penh . 
To make an LBO work , now we are going to need more than just junk bonds . 
This maker and marketer of cartridge tape systems said it completed the sale of 2.85 million shares of common priced at $ 10 a share in an initial public offering . 
In one video , Mr. Smith defended his agreement to merge the pilot-seniority lists . 
Giant yellow cranes were wheeled up alongside the collapsed segment , preparing to lift off chunks of the debris . 
He 's the director of the local Planned Parenthood chapter . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. said it plans to shift its headquarters to Calgary , Alberta , from Toronto next year to cut costs and be closer to the upstream natural-gas industry . 
The Tokyo Stock Price Index of all issues listed in the First Section , which declined 5.16 on Monday , was up 16.05 , or 0.60 % , at 2692.65 on Tuesday . 
Or perhaps that is a fitting symbol for the United States of 1989 : Everything for sale ; nothing of real value . 
He came out of nowhere to grab the lead in opinion polls , probably less because of his vague program to `` build a new Brazil '' than because of his good looks , the open backing of the powerful Rede Globo television network and his reputation as a hunter of `` maharajahs , '' or overpaid and underworked civil servants . 
Pencils down . 
Another -- and critical -- factor is the U.S. , Hong Kong 's biggest export market . 
If any nation can use environmentally benign architecture , it is Poland . 
Gulf Power had been under investigation for violating the Utility Holding Company Act , which prohibits public utilities from making political contributions . 
In addition : -- Soo Line jumped 2 3\/4 to 20 1\/4 , above the $ 19.50 a share that Canadian Pacific offered for the company in a takeover proposal . 
During the 15-month survey , 43 % of all legal-services programs said that at some period they were unable to accept new clients unless they had an emergency . 
Bids totaling $ 465 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 8.292 % . 
Mr. Wain is editor of The Asian Wall Street Journal . 
Revenue declined $ 518 million , to $ 13.63 billion . 
Honda has a tiny motorcycle called the Monkey , and a slightly larger cousin , the Gorilla . 
In other words , the growth rates of both total GNP and real private business product per labor hour have been underestimated by about 20 % . 
Sun , a maker of computer workstations , reported sales of $ 538.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 29 , up 39 % from $ 388.5 million a year earlier . 
On the same basis , revenue rose to $ 2.7 billion from $ 2.2 billion . 
It 's no accident that they 've been able to develop such successful material . '' 
Elsewhere , share prices closed higher in Amsterdam , Brussels , Milan and Paris . 
A UAL statement after the market closed Monday indicated that the airline 's board wanted to keep the company independent , effectively crushing hopes of an immediate buy-out . 
Per-share net rose to 44.08 yen from 36.13 yen . 
`` Unless the market goes to 19 million units -- which we all know it 's not going to do -- we have the inescapable fact that the transplants are adding capacity , '' Mr. Lutz said last month . 
Some dealers noted that nervousness over the recent sharp dive in stock prices could intensify following suggestions by Bank of Japan Governor Satoshi Sumita that appeared to advise Japanese investors to be very careful in investing in U.S. leveraged buy-outs . 
Larsen & Toubro started accepting applications for its giant issue earlier this month ; bankers and analysts expect it to be oversubscribed . 
Social Security benefits will rise 4.7 % next year to keep pace with inflation , boosting the average monthly benefit to $ 566 from $ 541 , the Department of Health and Human Services announced . 
`` They may feel emotionally secure now because they are not heavily in the stock market , '' says John H. Cammack , a financial planner with Alexandra Armstrong Advisors Inc. in Washington . 
Some American officers interpreted his eagerness and studiousness as a sign of loyalty , but they did so falsely . 
Indexes can be constructed to serve social goals , such as eliminating the stocks of companies doing business in South Africa . 
There also has been speculation that Cathay will be among the major private-sector participants in the Hong Kong government 's plans to build a new airport , with the carrier possibly investing in its own terminal . 
The only industry sector to report more business failures for the nine months was the finance , insurance and real-estate sector , where bankruptcies grew 8.1 % to 2,046 from 1,892 . 
Also mentioned as a contender was TBWA Advertising , but the company denied it was participating . 
Wholesale prices would be divided into three categories : raw materials sold at fixed prices close to world levels ; government-set procurement prices for a small number of key products ; and free prices for everything else to be determined by contracts between suppliers and purchasers . 
Yesterday , the spokeswoman said sales of Delmed products through the exclusive arrangement with National Medical accounted for 87 % of Delmed 's 1988 sales of $ 21.1 million . 
He said unfavorable currency translations were also a factor in the quarter . 
Canadian Imperial Bank of Commerce ( Canada ) -- 10 billion yen of 5.7 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1992 , priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 5.75 % less full fees , via LTCB International Ltd . 
Both firms are in New York . 
Had zeros been available in 1972 and had parents bought a face amount equal to four years ' tuition at the time , aiming for their children 's 1988 enrollment , they would have been left with only enough to pay for two years , Mr. Anderson figures . 
Mr. Savaiko believes that if copper falls below the bottom of this range the next significant support level will be about $ 1.04 . 
The acquisitions , officials said in a letter to Mr. Paul , were `` unsafe , unsound and unauthorized . '' 
In fact , Commodore 's fiscal fourth-quarter loss was $ 2 million narrower than Commodore had expected a few weeks after the quarter closed . 
COOPER COMPANIES INC. , Palo Alto , medical products maker , annual sales of $ 628 million , NYSE , had little damage and was in full operation yesterday . 
Assume that someone caught in the jam has a heart attack . 
The aspect of being a mega-lawyer is n't as important . '' 
But many have . 
Canadian Pacific and Soo Line tracks connect at two points in the West on the Canada-U.S. border and the two companies operate a very successful Chicago-Montreal rail service . 
`` All these interconnected computers make it difficult to sort out what 's junk and what 's important , '' says Chuck Digate , a former Lotus Development executive who has started a new company to cope with the problem . 
`` You 've got to judge where the network will be in three years . '' 
In a nutshell , pros advise investors who expect a slowdown to hold fewer stocks than usual and to favor shares of big companies in `` defensive '' industries . 
Nashua , whose major business is selling copiers , facsimile machines and related supplies , said Reiss & Co . B.V. of the Netherlands filed a request with the Federal Trade Commission under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Act for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of Nashua 's stock but less than 25 % . 
Morgan Grenfell said Michael Dobson , currently group deputy chief executive , will assume the chief executive position . 
The board and UAL 's management , he says , `` ca n't go back '' to business as usual . 
Traders said thrifts have stepped up their mortgage securities sales as the bond market has risen in the past two weeks . 
University of Michigan students look for jobs related to planned careers . 
But the thing it 's supposed to measure -- manufacturing strength -- it missed altogether last month . '' 
Industry officials and congressional aides said that the main points of a compromise defense authorization bill , hammered out during a flurry of private meetings over the past few days , provide a face-saving compromise for both the White House and House Democrats . 
Now , for example , she owns 48 hats . 
Despite the departure of Mr. Lawson and Sir Alan , the tug-of-war over the EMS could continue . 
The remaining properties to be acquired are the Tropicana Country Club & Golf Course , a facility jointly owned by Ramada Inc. , of Phoenix , Ariz. , and the Jaffe family , and a small parcel owned by MGM Grand director James D. Aljian . 
Blinder International Enterprises Inc. , the parent of beleaguered penny-stockbroker Blinder , Robinson & Co. , said its shareholders approved a previously announced name change to Intercontinental Enterprises Inc . 
With talk today of a second economic miracle in West Germany , East Germany no longer can content itself with being the economic star in a loser league . 
The New York arm of the London-based auction house auctioned off the estate of John T. Dorrance Jr. , the Campbell 's Soup Co. heir , for $ 131 million last week , a record for a single-owner art collection . 
SFE Technologies said William P. Kuehn was elected chairman and chief executive officer of this troubled electronics parts maker . 
It also owns Moody 's Investors Service , which assigns credit-ratings to bonds and preferred stock ; A.C. Nielsen , known for its data on television-viewing patterns , and Yellow-pages publisher Donnelley . 
Cathay has long stated its desire to double its weekly flights into China to 14 , and it is applying to restart long-canceled flights into Vietnam . 
Mr. Blodgett , the boiler-room veteran , believes that for many investors , the get-rich-quick scams carry a longed-for element of excitement . 
Dealing with the sales this month could be particularly challenging because almost every problem that has hobbled the program in the past is popping up again . 
Nonetheless , Mr. Kurnit said that the latest decisions are having a chilling effect . 
They took more than 25 % casualties ; journalists report that they faced minefields without mine detectors . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
The bank projects Akzo will show per-share earnings of 24 guilders in 1990 , up from an estimated 22.5 guilders for this year and the 20.9 guilders reported for 1988 . 
First , he unceremoniously sacked Tom Landry , the legendary coach who took the Cowboys to five Super Bowls and 20 consecutive winning seasons . 
The house itself , located about 50 yards from the collapsed section of double-decker highway Interstate 880 , was pushed about four feet off its foundation and then collapsed into its basement . 
( It is John Hart . ) 
Others analyze the data . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
The New Jersey paper , like the New Haven , Conn. , paper , was purchased by Ingersoll on Goodson 's behalf as part of the management contract . 
The state-owned industrial holding company Instituto Nacional de Industria and the Bank of Spain jointly hold a 13.94 % stake in Banco Exterior . 
Before the 1987 crash , the P\/E was more than 20 . 
A Ford takeover of Jaguar would `` have such implications for the balance of power in the 1990s that General Motors ca n't afford to step aside . 
This being typed in a standing position . 
It comes down to a question of whether to try to `` time '' the market . 
Stocks : Volume 198,120,000 shares . 
Poverty remains far more widespread among blacks than other Americans . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5765 , sharply down from $ 1.6145 late Wednesday . 
The defense electronics maker said delivery will begin in October 1991 and run through mid-1995 . 
Secondly , the two companies found a similarity in their business and development philosophies and intend to cooperate in a range of activities from real estate to telecommunications . 
Now that is about to change , as Texas Instruments begins marketing two 14-pound laptop PCs with 20 megabyte and 40 megabyte hard drives . 
He noted that the `` core inflation rate , '' which excludes food and energy , was also low at 0.2 % . 
For instance , he says , International Business Machines and Unisys might look cheap , but investors might continue to do better with stocks like Walt Disney , Procter & Gamble and Coca-Cola , strong performers in recent years . 
`` The party is fed up with sackings of good people . '' 
`` If 135 is broken , some panic will be seen , '' he predicted , explaining that Japanese institutions are comfortable with the dollar anywhere between current levels and 135 yen . 
If it goes capitalist , and increases trade with West Germany , it will convert itself , willy-nilly , into an economic annex of the Federal Republic . 
The report , released yesterday , comes as Congress is considering a number of special tax breaks only three years after the sweeping tax-revision legislation abolished or curtailed many loopholes . 
But A.C. Moore , director of research at Argus Research , said last week 's rally was a reflex reaction to the Oct. 13 stock market rout . 
Could he plausibly interpret it as encouragement for the Fed to give primary emphasis to stabilizing the price level ? 
Seoul has pointed to its lack of a foreign exchange market as one reason the won 's value remains heavily controlled . 
The results roughly matched estimates of securities analysts , who were encouraged by AT&T increasing its operating margin to 13 % from 11 % a year ago , because of continued cost-cutting efforts . 
After reaching an intraday high of $ 107.50 the day Mr. Trump disclosed his bid Oct. 5 , AMR 's stock had retreated as low as $ 97.75 last week . 
At the same time , they contend that a reduction of NATO forces under a treaty will increase the possibility of a conventional Soviet attack unless the West retains a residual force of nuclear weapons in Europe . 
`` They are typically not active in two-year note auctions , but today 's participation could be viewed as lighter-than-normal . '' 
His bride is the rich and beautiful Linda Loring , a character who also appeared in Chandler 's `` The Long Goodbye '' and `` Playback . '' 
Assets of the 400 taxable funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's Money Fund Report jumped to $ 351.2 billion in the week ended Tuesday , the Holliston , Mass.-based newsletter said . 
As expected , the settlement limits rate increases for three years and ties future charges to customers for operation of the troubled Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station to that plant 's performance . 
The auction house , known for its sales of top-drawer 19th and 20th century works , is providing `` a service to clients who do n't want to sell just their fabulous oil paintings , '' says Villa Grisebach 's Vivien Reuter . 
John E. Hayes Jr. was elected chairman , president and chief executive officer , succeeding David S. Black , who retired . 
There were many indications that the new work hours implemented by major corporations played a big role . 
Air-raid sirens sounded the alarm at 2:25 a.m. , summoning 12,000 air wardens to duty . 
That is a property right that belongs to the performer . '' 
`` Barber was seated by the fireplace looking very pale , '' recalls the violinist , who performed the work with a piano accompanist at the composer 's apartment . 
Some of Sansui 's fellow audio-specialty companies , such as Aiwa Co. and Pioneer Electric Corp. , responded to the challenge by quickly bringing out mini-component products of their own , by moving heavily into the booming compact disk businesses or by diversifying into other consumer-electronics fields , including laser disks or portable cassette players . 
Thus , Brooks Brothers has lost customers to stores that offer more variety such as Paul Stuart , Barneys New York and Louis , Boston . 
Rhone-Poulenc S.A. , Paris , said it completed the purchase of the specialty chemicals operation of RTZ Corp. , a British mining and industrial group . 
Most software is distributed on cheap floppy disks , but the Next computer does n't come with a device that reads them . 
The agreement is subject to regulatory approval and resolution of lawsuits brought by certain Diversified holders in connection with the proposed merger . 
Tribune Co. , helped by a hefty boost in performance at its broadcasting and entertainment operations , said net income jumped 21 % in its third quarter ended Sept. 24 on a 3 % increase in revenue . 
Under a microscope he could actually see that a bit of chromosome 13 was missing . 
And it calculates how often the words appear in the story compared with how often they appear in the entire data base . 
Further , I think Mr. Knight made a poor choice in picking `` A Fish Called Wanda '' as an example of the deplorable state of modern comedy movies . 
Beta figures are widely available and easy to interpret . 
These bacterial `` cousins '' ordinarily do n't make the toxin . 
Yutaka Kume , who took the helm as Nissan 's president in June 1985 , added simply , `` I am deeply disappointed . '' 
Will you pour me a drop of water , if you do n't mind ? '' 
The Tass news agency said the 1990 budget anticipates income of 429.9 billion rubles ( US$ 693.4 billion ) and expenditures of 489.9 billion rubles ( US$ 790.2 billion ) . 
Yesterday , the brokerage firm Conning & Co. said insurers will use the earthquake as an excuse to raise insurance rates , ending their long price wars . 
He got three trucks and a backhoe cheap . 
`` What we want to do is take a more aggressive stance . 
There are many other strategies to bolster the returns of index funds . 
Few telephone lines snapped . 
Factories operated at 83.7 % of capacity , the lowest rate in more than a year and down from 84.1 % in September . 
Meanwhile , the broad-based Financial Times 100-share index added 30.4 points to end at 2142.6 , while reaching its minimum of 2120.5 a half hour into the session . 
The ultimate hope is that the technique could identify diseased vessels . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
Information from an arrested drug trafficker led to the two men and the recovery of almost all the stolen art . 
And those swings paled beside Friday 's 190.58-point plunge and Monday 's 88.12-point recovery . 
Many small investors are facing a double whammy this year : They got hurt by investing in the highly risky junk bond market , and the pain is worse because they did it with borrowed money . 
One recruiter working with Mr. Meyer was so generous with $ 10 and $ 20 bills that prospects sang `` Here Comes Santa Claus '' when he approached . 
That 's even less than the 4.35 % total return of the Merrill Lynch High-Yield Index . 
As we know , voters tend to favor Republicans more in races for president than in those for Congress . 
Anticipating this settlement , the company recorded a pretax charge of $ 24 million during the fourth quarter of 1988 . 
In addition , cost increases related to fixed-price defense contracts and a $ 10 million charge to reduce the work force of Texas Instruments ' defense-electronics division also reduced net . 
As it is , waiting lists of a month are n't unusual for popular models . 
But in 1986 Congress sharply reduced the number of people who could qualify for its benefits and IRA tax-deductions slowed their roaring growth . 
Mr. Gonzalez is not quite a closet supply-side revolutionary , however . 
He apologizes for sounding pushy . 
Finally , the theory suggests why Republicans generally have fared better in Senate races than in campaigns for the House . 
Small crops are grown in Pakistan , France , Spain , Italy , Belgium and Brazil , but their quality ca n't compare to that of Indian psyllium . 
Mr. Peladeau took his first big gamble 25 years ago , when he took advantage of a strike at La Presse , then Montreal 's dominant French-language newspaper , to launch the Journal de Montreal . 
Saatchi & Saatchi has attracted offers for some of its advertising units but has rejected them , sources said . 
It also decided to go national with pizza , which it has been test-marketing . 
Mr. Mehl noted that actual rates are almost identical on small and large-denomination CDs , but yields on CDs aimed at the individual investor are boosted by more frequent compounding . 
Mr. Lang has named Carol Taber , 43 , as group publisher of New York-based Lang Communications . 
Officials of the Big Three auto makers and 14 petroleum companies said they are setting out to find the most cost-effective fuel for reducing cities ' air-pollution problems , with no bias toward any fuel in particular . 
But the staffs at some of those locations will be slashed while at others the work force will be increased . 
Even if it is assumed that productivity rose no more than half as quickly in the rest of the nonbusiness sector , this Labor Department estimate indicates a downward bias in the real GNP estimates of 0.2 percentage point a year , on average . 
Since its premiere Sept. 16 , the show on which Ms. Chung appears has used an actor to portray the Rev. Vernon Johns , a civil-rights leader , and one to play a teenage drug dealer . 
In the second year , workers would receive a 3 % wage boost and a 3 % bonus , followed by a 3 % increase without a bonus in the third year . 
Mr. Gintel , head of Gintel & Co. , said he plans to conduct a proxy contest to elect a majority of Xtra 's board at the next annual stockholders meeting . 
Profit at Sears 's Coldwell Banker Real Estate Group nearly quadrupled to $ 81.2 million because of gains on sales of property . 
Third-quarter revenue was flat at $ 1.02 billion . 
Jeffrey L. Liddle , the two men 's attorney at Liddle , O'Connor , Finkelstein & Robinson , said Mr. Kelly began working at Dean Witter in 1987 . 
`` This is the second delay now in getting the product out the door . 
OPEC is currently producing more than 22 million barrels a day , sharply above its nominal , self-imposed fourth-quarter ceiling of 20.5 million , according to OPEC and industry officials at an oil conference here sponsored by the Oil Daily and the International Herald Tribune . 
All the preferred stock is held by the Yukon Office Supply Stock Ownership Plan . 
The SEC would likely be amenable to legislation that required insiders to file transactions on a more timely basis , he said . 
The stock 's decline also has left the UAL board in a quandary . 
American institutional investors have never had a large appetite for Japanese equities . 
Saturday , he amended his remarks to say that he would continue to abide by the cease-fire if the U.S. ends its financial support for the Contras . 
U.S. clearance also is needed for the proposed acquisition . 
Bankers Trust New York Corp. , as expected , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.42 billion , or $ 17.39 a share , following its $ 1.6 billion boost in reserves for losses on loans to less-developed countries . 
Mr. Checchi 's purchase of NWA , Mr. Batchelder notes , `` was probably the most aggressive to date , '' with bank debt at 85 % of the purchase price . 
Judge Weinstein also ruled that judges must consider prior to extradition whether the defendant will be treated fairly in a foreign court . 
The mergers and acquisitions market has been a saving grace for the industry , but uncertainties are beginning to mount even there . 
Financial printer Bowne & Co. said it formed a business translation service , which will provide legal , financial and other services in most major languages , including Japanese , Chinese and Russian . 
Ordinarily , a clever opponent would find a way to capitalize on the other side 's misfortunes . 
The jewelery chain was put up for sale in June . 
It has about 12.3 million shares outstanding . 
He is co-author of `` Personal Productivity : How to Increase Your Satisfaction in Living '' ( M.E. Sharp , 1988 ) . 
The companies block traffic much as highway on-ramps are blocked when traffic backs up . 
Environmental protection program current interest bonds are due 1995-1999 , 2005 and 2009 . 
But some holders of the Western Union notes expect the company to propose a more-attractive debt swap that will give them a substantial equity stake in the company . 
Phillips Petroleum 's third-quarter earnings slid 60 % , to $ 87 million , or 36 cents a share , from $ 215 million , or 89 cents a share . 
He ca n't guarantee that he can use it any better . '' 
To make matters worse , the lone nomination came from another bureaucrat : A woman from the New York State Department of Taxation and Finance who nominated her boss . 
`` To me it says that despite all the views that we spend too much of our wealth on paper assets , we have ways of holding wealth similar to 100 years ago . '' 
`` Noriega played U.S. intelligence agencies and the U.S. government like a violin , '' he says . 
Bond prices also edged higher . 
Mr. Peters would fly to New York with the intention of telling Warner Communications Inc. Chairman Steven J. Ross that Guber-Peters planned to end its five-year contract to produce movies exclusively for Warner . 
In recent weeks , moreover , Mr. Brady has joined other administration officials in trying to urge the Fed toward lower interest rates . 
Counting all state and federal benefit programs , the number of people receiving unemployment benefits in the week ended Oct. 7 fell to 1,784,400 from 1,810,700 a week earlier . 
Other companies figure they ca n't avoid the market . 
The new board 's seven-member structure kept four CPAs , but the others were from industry and academia . 
The new closed-end management investment company trades shares of beneficial interest . 
Transport rates wo n't be an opportunity for offsetting cost increases in other segments of the economy . '' 
They effectively lead team efforts to reduce cycle time . 
Sen. Bradley 's argument is that a capital-gains tax cut would be bad for the economy in the longer run . 
He said : `` We know of no technology that exists anywhere in the world that would allow us to '' reinforce the columns . 
B.A.T Industries PLC won overwhelming shareholder approval for a defensive restructuring to fend off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.23 billion ) takeover bid from Sir James Goldsmith . 
Longtime Hollywood associates describe Mr. Guber as the intellectual powerhouse of the two , a man with a flair for deal-making and marketing . 
Groups representing some independent auto-repair shops join a compromise on the Clean Air legislation worked out between environmentalists and Rep. Henry Waxman ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Critics of the plan , including the town of Braintree , say the incinerator is a health hazard . 
But just one month later , he also contributed $ 100,000 to a Contra leader , according to documents released for Oliver North 's criminal trial in Washington , D.C . 
These complex products require close monitoring because each must be valued separately in light of current market conditions . 
At one point , an options industry official had to talk the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago 's night watchman into giving him the home phone number of Silas Keene , Chicago Fed president . 
The Fed has let interest rates slip slightly , but whether the main reason was dollar intervention , the gloomy reports on manufacturing employment , or the Friday 13 market drop , only Mr. Greenspan and his associates know . 
And on Mr. Engelken 's 40th birthday , his wife bought a book detailing the big homer and sent it off to Mr. Thomson to be autographed . 
The British parent is also streamlining : Brooks Brothers , which continues to make almost all of its merchandise , recently shut one of its two shirt plants in Paterson , N.J. , and has closed boys ' departments in all but 20 stores . 
San Francisco-based Pacific Telesis said net declined 12.6 % , primarily because of regulatory action . 
At the time , Mr. Gatward said his friendship with Mr. Price had smoothed the way for its link with the small British company . 
The current equilibrium is fragile and depends on steady , strong demand and continued relative harmony within OPEC , producer of more than 40 % of the non-Communist world 's crude . 
Since the preferred stock is cumulative , Amdura said it will pay all omitted dividends , which range from $ 1.19 to $ 4.88 a share , when debt-reduction requirements have been met . 
Coca-Cola Co. , aiming to boost soft-drink volume in Singapore , said it is discussing a joint venture with Fraser & Neave Ltd. , its bottling franchisee in that country . 
The No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.22 , down 0.17 point , to yield 5.41 % . 
In addition , Ralph Ingersoll II , 43 , chairman and chief executive , said he would take on additional responsibilities as editor in chief of the company . 
Revenue dropped 5.4 % to $ 3.48 billion from $ 3.68 billion . 
This program , combined with cash grants to needy students , would reduce program costs and much more effectively target the intended beneficiaries . 
9.87 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
If the deal closes , the two officers will draw salaries from the independent operation , not from Integrated . 
Expect brushbacks but no beanballs , says Mr. McEnaney . 
The Fed also appears reluctant to ease credit conditions further . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.55 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 14.1 billion in maturing bills . 
The Fuji , to be sure , has blemishes too . 
AT&T said the expense increase will be largely offset by a gain from its previously announced plan to swap its holdings in Ing . C. Olivetti & Co. for shares in Cie . Industriali Riunite , an Italian holding company . 
Early yesterday , Carnival said in a company statement that it had been `` notified unofficially '' that Waertsilae Marine Industries , the Finnish shipyard that is building its three new cruise ships , planned to file for bankruptcy . 
Kofcoh is a New York holding company for Rosalco Inc. , which imports furniture and other items . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege 's purpose is `` fostering harmony in marriage . '' 
Joseph Lombardo , who the government alleged was the `` captain '' of organized crime in Chicago , was one of numerous defendants in the government 's sweeping racketeering suit against the Teamsters . 
Akzo also has small operations in diagnostic tests , generic drugs and veterinary products . 
The FCC `` did n't say I could n't do it again , '' he said . 
They build the Lincoln Town Car , Continental and Mark VII , the Ford Escort and full-sized pickup trucks . 
There is also worry that the Pepper Commission studying long-term health care will again push lawmakers toward employerpaid solutions . 
In Japan , the bellwether No. 111 4.6 % bond of 1998 ended off 0.03 at 95.72 , to yield 5.32 % , and in West Germany , the 7 % benchmark issue due October 1999 ended 0.05 point lower at 99.85 to yield 7.02 % . 
More than 300 planes and helicopters have been impounded at airports , and a large number of vehicles and launches has been confiscated . 
Only his factories in Japan and Korea , employing his followers at subsistence wages and producing everything from rifles to ginseng to expensive marble vases , kept the money flowing westward . 
He says that the Chinese never asked him to convey their statements to President Bush , but that the White House spontaneously invited him to do so . 
`` Their likelihood of reversing us is very slim , '' said Lewis H. Eslinger , Sony 's attorney , who said he doubts Justin will go ahead with a trial . 
Jessica Mathews , vice president of World Resources Institute in Washington , D.C. , says that perhaps a quarter of Poland 's soil is too contaminated for safe farming because of air pollution . 
You do n't know which way to punch . 
Carnival said the `` Fantasy , '' the first of the three $ 200 million ships that Carnival has on order , is scheduled to be delivered next month , just in time for the winter tourist season in the Caribbean . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.63 , up 0.25 ; spot index 129.84 , off 0.25 . 
He declined to disclose specific prices , but said each product costs in the tens of thousands , or even hundreds of thousands , of dollars . 
In an interview , Mr. Hogan said the subsidiary 's primary mission will be to make movies for TNT and to distribute them internationally . 
The Kennedy amendment would , in effect , legislate around the Supreme Court ruling . 
That contrast was reflected in the smaller weekly percentage gains recorded by the broader averages . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The Financial Times 100-share index shed 47.3 points to close at 2082.1 , down 4.5 % from the previous Friday and 6.8 % from Oct. 13 , when Wall Street 's plunge helped spark the current weakness in London . 
Japan has found another safe outlet for its money : U.S. home mortgages . 
Prices were mixed in Zurich and lower in Stockholm . 
However , Mr. Krenz also has a reputation for being politically savvy . 
They point out that September 's producer-price index showed a 0.9 % increase . 
Electronic gimmicks are key . 
The Nuclear Regulatory Commission ruled unanimously that the financial troubles facing the Seabrook , N.H. , nuclear-power plant have no impact on whether the plant receives a full-power license . 
Indeed , the competition is n't greatly concerned . 
The spaghetti is made by the Al Ghazel Macaroni Co. in Bethlehem and is marketed in a package decorated with green , black , red and white stripes . 
West German government bond prices took a wild roller-coaster ride , pulled down by Monday 's U.S. stock market gains then up by a wider-than-expected U.S. trade deficit and falling U.S. stock prices . 
Aside from the takeover news , big buy orders were placed for blue-chip shares in afternoon trading . 
He also noted that the federal Drug Enforcement Administration has established a federal-local task force responsible since April for 106 arrests and more than $ 2 million in seizures of drug dealers ' assets . 
Donald M. Roberts , 54 , treasurer , and Frederick S. Wonham , 58 , who takes responsibility for the funds-service group , were named vice chairmen and will serve in the office of the chairman . 
A professional magician and musician , he heads the Pittsburgh branch of the Committee for the Scientific Investigation of the Paranormal . 
A test using new `` genetic probes '' showed that little Will Quinlan had not inherited a damaged retinoblastoma supressor gene and , therefore , faced no more risk than other children of developing the rare cancer . 
The leader in real estate brand names is developer Ara Hovnanian . 
The spokesman said Unocal has had `` considerable interest '' from prospective buyers . 
Barney Barnhardt , a 727 captain and leader of the pro-union forces , said he has received two anonymous death threats and been challenged to a fight with tire irons by a colleague . 
Du Pont also raised its quarterly dividend to $ 1.20 a share from $ 1.05 , a change that will increase the annualized payout to shareholders by some $ 140 million . 
Wells Fargo & Co. said its Emergency Operations Committee -- which met all night Tuesday -- moved its global-funds transfer system to El Monte , Calif. , 500 miles to the south . 
Disk drives , which allow a computer to access its memory , generated 38 % more revenue in the most recent period compared with the fiscal first quarter a year earlier . 
Unable to get a new law through a congress with a strong leftist bloc , Mexico jury-rigged the existing law 's regulations . 
In a 1961 incident , a Soviet mail plane disappeared off the radar screen just after radioing its position to ground control in Sverdlovsk . 
Then maybe I could stay home and have seven children and watch Oprah Winfrey , like Beulah in the article , instead of having one child and working constantly just to stay above water , like so many families in this country . 
Asarco said it plans to shut down or sell its Rapatee coal mine and will end its involvement in southern Illinois strip mining . 
Sonet , or synchronous optical network , products have more capacity than earlier models . 
Not for 15 years has a big new hotel-casino opened here . 
Although imports account for less than 1 % of beer sales in Japan , Asahi Breweries Ltd. , which has been gaining share with its popular dry beer , plans to fend off Japanese competitors by pouring $ 1.06 billion into facilities to brew 50 % more beer . 
To get that money , states must go through an elaborate approval process , but officials expect red tape to be cut this time . 
Mainly , though , it was a favorable outlook for yesterday 's new supply that propped up municipals , some traders said . 
The deletion Dr. Vogelstein found was in exactly the same spot as p53 . 
Mrs. Thi says Hochiminh City Food last year increased pretax profit 60 % to the equivalent of about $ 2.7 million on sales of $ 150 million . 
Stocks have a place in an investors ' portfolio along with real estate , bonds , international securities and cash , he says . 
Sometimes , like now , it 's gray . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 15\/16 % high , 8 5\/8 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 7\/8 % offered . 
The only reason that Somalia remains in obscurity is numbers : a sparsely populated wasteland of 8.5 million people spread out over an expanse nearly the size of Texas . 
Automated teller machine operations also were up and operating yesterday , a bank spokesman said . 
The Republican danger is that abortion could become for them what it 's long been for Democrats , a divisive litmus test . 
Participants in the U.S. missions to Canada are to be assisted by members of the Service Corps of Retired Executives , a volunteer group , in dealing with their export challenges . 
Now the wildlife refuge has been closed to the industry , possibly for years . 
South Africa 's government dismissed demands by right-wing Conservatives , the nation 's main opposition party , for emergency talks on Pretoria 's recent tolerance of dissent . 
`` It 's reasonable to say there is not a solvent S&L in the state and the amount of viable bank capital is very low , '' said Mr. Jackson . 
Stocks closed higher in Hong Kong , Manila , Singapore , Sydney and Wellington , but were lower in Seoul . 
By the end of next year , all loss-making state enterprises would be put out of business or handed over to workers who would buy or lease them or turn them into cooperatives . 
He has a claim to the right to commercialize the Westinghouse patents , but he contends that those patents are being infringed by a number of Japanese producers . 
He adds , `` The notion they try to sell is that juries do n't make decisions rationally . 
And then there 's always State U . 
Short-term interest rates rose at the government 's regular weekly Treasury-bill auction . 
Short interest in 1,327 non-NMS securities totaled 40.3 million shares , compared with almost 38 million shares in 1,310 issues in September . 
While all the numbers in the durable goods report were adjusted for seasonal fluctuations , a Commerce Department analyst said that the adjustment probably did n't factor out all of the wide-ranging surge in defense orders . 
If the judge is impeached , as is thought likely , he will be removed from office immediately . 
The collagen corneal shield helps speed healing of the cornea after eye surgery . 
An early battleground was the U.S. Department of Agriculture . 
Mr. Nadeau said discussions are under way with potential purchasers of each of the units . 
Many economists contend that deep cuts in the U.S. budget deficit are needed before further trade improvement can occur . 
The result is that the unthinkable and illogical are happening . 
Merkur is n't the only European luxury brand having problems in the U.S. . 
The conference opened Monday with glowing reports about consumer magazines ' growth in circulation and advertising revenue in the past year . 
Mr. Jones , whose twangy voice and folksy ways belie an intense businessman who works 16-hour days , is resigned to the hefty salaries he pays his players these days . 
He seeks damages from the company 's 15 directors on grounds that they either `` participated in or condoned the illegal acts ... or utterly failed to carry out their duties as directors . '' 
In October , net sales of stock funds at Fidelity dropped sharply , Mr. Hines said . 
`` Are you stupid ? '' he snaps . 
David Nash , formerly group finance director at Cadbury Schweppes PLC , will become Grand Met 's first group finance director in January . 
Ms. Bick , the NIH administrator , says the business and scientific community is overreacting to what the agency merely meant to be `` ideas for discussion . '' 
It also licenses optically based data storage and retrieval devices . 
In effect , Holiday is asking holders for permission for Bass to buy their debt . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
However , the Swiss financial press in general , as well as many analysts , have had a hard time making up their minds about Mr. Rey and his un-Swiss ways . 
Columbia Savings & Loan Association , reeling from thrift-accounting changes mandated by Congress and the recent collapse of the junk-bond market , announced a loss for the third quarter of $ 226.3 million , or $ 11.57 a share . 
Debate on the legislation , which faces a veto threat from President Bush , is to continue today . 
In composite New York Stock Exchange trading yesterday , LTV common shares fell 12.5 cents to close at $ 1.50 . 
At this point , the Dow industrials were down 75.41 points and falling . 
Manufacturers frequently do n't have anyone who is a specialist in natural gas , Clinton said , and a specialist such as Clinton can save them substantial amounts of money . 
Planar Systems Inc. of Beaverton , Ore. , the largest of these firms , with $ 20 million in annual revenue , has similar plans . 
The owner of the company , Stephen Smith , who has since pleaded guilty to state and federal fraud charges , confided to investors that he had a secret agreement with Amoco Oil Co. and said the location of his wells was confidential , according to a civil suit filed in a Florida state court by the Florida comptroller 's office . 
`` If you think earnings will grow at 20 % a year , it 's all right to pay 20 times earnings , '' he says . 
The notes are rated MIG-1 by Moody 's and SP1-plus by S&P . 
Serial bonds were priced to yield to 6.75 % in 2000 . 
`` It 's not a crop that ca n't be doubled or tripled , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy . 
`` There was a general feeling that we 'd seen the worst , '' said Patrick Foley , deputy chief economic adviser for Lloyds Bank in London . 
He favors either an all-stock fund or a balanced fund that mixes both stocks and bonds . 
A department spokesman said the ruling `` raised a serious question '' about the office of the president . 
Even the Office of Management and Budget is remembered with an extra $ 1 million to help offset pay costs that other government departments are being asked to absorb . 
Mr. Karalis , 51 , will specialize in corporate law and international law at the 110-lawyer firm . 
In the U.S. , Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were among the most active issues Friday in national over-the-counter trading where they closed at $ 11.625 each , up 62.5 cents . 
Earlier this month , the Reserve Bank of New Zealand , the country 's central bank , appointed the managers to run the investment bank and pay creditors . 
`` Thomson took a called strike , '' Mr. Engelken recounts . 
Now she says she 's thinking of contacting her own insurance agent . 
Aside from computer-guided selling , airline stocks took a beating as well . 
`` But I do n't want any of that oil for my grandkids . '' 
As usual , estimates on the fickle report are wide , running from a drop of 3.5 % to a gain of 1.6 % . 
Japan has supported a larger role for the IMF in developing-country debt issues , and is an important financial resource for IMF-guided programs in developing countries . 
The lowly agent , Abel Lamb , who as you might guess , is being led to the slaughter , is ordered to take over the studio . 
Much of Bond Corp. 's losses stemmed from one-time write-downs of the value of some of Bond Corp. 's assets and those of its units . 
None of the diabetics were using Lilly 's insulin . 
But such calculations ignore the noncash charge of depreciation , taken to allow for the gradual wearing out of french friers , deterioration of stores and the like . 
Scott Black , a value-oriented money manager who heads Delphi Management Inc. , points out that for those who invest on fundamentals , `` the value of a stock from day to day does n't change all that much . '' 
Such is the fiber of the wool that woolly intellectuals let fly at gatherings of Harvard University 's new Society of Nerds and Geeks , or SONG . 
We tell them all the major companies are having financial difficulties . '' 
For such products as canned vegetables and athletic shoes , devotion to a single brand was quite low , with fewer than 30 % saying they usually buy the same brand . 
And it is n't even clear that some pork-barrel projects can be hit with a line-item veto because they tend to be listed in informal conference reports accompanying spending bills rather than in the official bills themselves . 
`` We were reassured they would stand behind the company . '' 
Vanguard 's $ 1 billion High Yield Bond Portfolio has seen $ 161 million flow out since early September ; $ 14 million of that seeped out Friday Oct. 13 alone . 
Sterling had completed a five-year contract for NASA but lost its bid for renewal . 
Revenue of $ 1.73 billion was almost unchanged from last year 's $ 1.72 billion . 
Singer Bette Midler won a $ 400,000 federal court jury verdict against Young & Rubicam in a case that threatens a popular advertising industry practice of using `` sound-alike '' performers to tout products . 
A committee of gem dealers investigates the source of some `` hot '' blue topaz stones recently reported by a Hong Kong jewelry manufacturer . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
There was just one sticking point : The two had a prior commitment . 
Carnival Cruise Lines Class A rose 1 1\/4 to 22 3\/8 . 
At that time , Sam Merksamer , president of the chain , angrily denied that his company was about to file . 
-- Letter from Eduard Shevardnadze to U.N. Secretary-General Perez de Cuellar , reported in Tass , June 10 , 1988 . 
Others preach the gospel of buying only blue-chip growth stocks . 
Among possible delays , the sales of Saks and Marshall Field -- which were expected to be on the block soon after the crucial Christmas season -- may slide into the second quarter or second half . 
He noted that institutional investors showed `` pretty general '' interest in stocks in the latest session . 
Still , all this comes nearly a year and a half after Philip Pizzo of the National Cancer Institute offered evidence that AZT could reverse the ravages of AIDS dementia , sometimes prompting dramatic recovery of IQ levels and reappearance of lost motor skills . 
`` In essence we have made a decision to clear the decks , '' Mr. Bond told the meeting . 
`` Magazines are not providing us in-depth information on circulation , '' said Edgar Bronfman Jr. , president and chief operating officer of Seagram , in a panel discussion . 
The $ 833.6 million figures includes the new acquisitions . 
Federal drug regulators , concerned over British reports that diabetics have died after shifting from animal to human-based insulin , say they are considering a study to see if similar deaths have occurred here . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say they got a look at the books and balked at the price . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
Mazda and Ford said a combination of limited crankcase ventilation and improper maintenance could cause engine oil in some of the Mercury Tracers and Mazda 323s to deteriorate more rapidly than normal , causing increased engine noise or reduced engine life . 
The agency said it monitored Newmark & Lewis 's advertised prices before and after the ad campaign , and found that the prices of at least 50 different items either increased or stayed the same . 
In addition , it 's toying with an approach that would impose health-expenditure ceilings or budgets on the government as a whole and on individual states as a way to slow health-care spending . 
Mark Q. Huggins was named executive vice president and chief financial officer . 
`` It 's going to be a tough league , '' promises the 47-year-old Mr. Campaneris . 
Profit at Sears 's Allstate insurance unit fell 38 % to $ 126.1 million because of Hurricane Hugo , which inflicted the greatest single storm damage loss in the company 's history . 
He said that his resignation was a mutual decision with Capital Holding management , but that he was n't actually asked to resign . 
`` By their nature , our trades are very short-term and are going to create high turnover , '' Mr. Carder adds . 
`` You have n't seen the full effect of that yet . '' 
`` If you are born to give parties , you give parties . 
International soft-drink volume was up about 6 % . 
And on at least one occasion , in the spring of 1985 , he helped arrange a sabotage attack on a Sandinista arsenal in Nicaragua . 
Operating revenue rose 25 % to $ 52.1 million from $ 41.8 million a year ago . 
The first two GAF trials were watched closely on Wall Street because they were considered to be important tests of the government 's ability to convince a jury of allegations stemming from its insider-trading investigations . 
Time is also fighting the transaction on other fronts , by attempting to discourage other cable operators from joining Tele-Communications as investors in Showtime , cable-TV industry executives say . 
And they threatened to try to amend any other revenue bill in the Senate with the capital-gains provision . 
Or ever will . '' 
Traders said turnover was particularly thin as investors waited for Wall Street to set the direction for the week . 
In Brussels , Hotel de Ventes Horta auctioned pistols and sabers - along with paintings and jewels . 
Official trading in the shares will start in London , Paris and Brussels on Nov. 6 , when the French-franc denominated offering , valued at the equivalent of nearly $ 1 billion , comes to market in the European Community . 
The plant was evacuated and workers sent home . 
When market tremors start , it is crucial that as much information about transaction prices and the supply-demand curve ( buy and sell orders at various prices ) be made available to all , not just to market makers . 
Integrated Resources Inc. , the troubled financial-services company that has been trying to sell its core companies to restructure debt , said talks with a potential buyer ended . 
That is just 1 % of all the money Japan has invested abroad . 
A claim by Peter Testa of New York that a stranger paid him $ 500 to go into a bank and change $ 44,400 in small bills into large bills `` is unconvincing , '' the Tax Court found . 
The other two portions of the deal are remarketings of outstanding debt rather than new issues . 
`` The people who suffer in the short run are defendants , but the people who suffer in the long run are all of the people , because there wo n't be a vigorous private bar to defend the Bill of Rights , '' says Gerald Lefcourt , a criminal defense attorney who says he has turned down a number of cases to avoid possible fee seizures . 
Panamanian dictator Torrijos , he was told , had granted the shah of Iran asylum in Panama as a favor to Washington . 
The Cypress reinforcement project itself was part of an annual effort to shore up structures believed vulnerable to earthquakes . 
Mr. Bryant and other analysts hope all those moves will combine to help Tandy 's results improve in the important Christmas quarter . 
But some Wall Street executives argue that such fears are unwarranted . 
Money funds invest in such things as short-term Treasury securities , commercial paper and certificates of deposit , all of which have been posting lower interest rates since last spring . 
Sperry ultimately was eliminated from the competition without receiving the work . 
Last week , McCaw said it obtained `` firm '' financing commitments from three major banks in regard to its bid to control LIN Broadcasting . 
Montgomery County , Md. -- $ 75 million of general obligation , Series B , consolidated public improvement bonds of 1989 , through a Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. group . 
However , Paul Johanson , Monsanto 's director of plant sciences , said the company 's chemical spray overcomes these problems and is `` gentle on the female organ . '' 
Revenue : $ 1.71 billion 
The monthly `` trade deficit '' figure is limited to traditional merchandise trade : manufactured goods and raw materials . 
The slide continued until the record 508-point market drop on Oct. 19 . 
NATO has n't budged from its insistence that any gun-carrying plane has offensive capability . 
Net income fell 8.6 % to $ 37.1 million , or $ 1.43 a share , from $ 40.6 million , or $ 1.56 a share . 
In the current-coupon sector , a shift in the Treasury yield curve resulting from the better performance of long-dated issues over short-dated securities hurt major coupons because it will become more difficult to structure new derivative securities offerings . 
Tom Herman contributed to this article . 
Royal Business Group Inc. said it filed suit in federal court here charging Realist Inc. and its directors with violating federal securities laws `` by engaging in a scheme to prevent '' Royal from acquiring Realist . 
He added that he expects to talk to the Democrats who also wanted to cut the gains tax about drafting a joint proposal . 
Oji Paper , the nation 's largest in terms of sales , said its pretax profit rose 1.5 % to 23.11 billion yen ( US$ 163.3 million ) from 22.76 billion yen . 
Other furriers have also benefited from leathers . 
But such an increase , he says , could be viewed by the market as `` too little too late . '' 
Forty million in the total scheme of things is not that significant . '' 
The case went on appeal to the Second Circuit . 
But in any event -- and this is the important point -- tax `` payments '' on capital gains will be lower with indexation than under current law , even though the tax `` rate '' is the same under both systems . 
Comprehensive Care plunged 4 3\/4 to 3 5\/8 on 1.2 million shares . 
The individual foreign policy carried out by U.S. legislators adds to a confusing U.S. performance that has emboldened Soviet initiatives in Central America . 
Moreover , one investment banker , who requested anonymity , said his firm did n't raise the ante for a target company earlier this month after a stronger bid emerged from a public company that was n't concerned about the financing provision . 
UGI Corp. said its AmeriGas subsidiary completed the previously announced sale of its air separation plant and related assets in Waukesha , Wis. , to AGA Gas Inc. , Cleveland . 
That arrangement apparently has worked well , and Thomas A. Bologna , president and chief executive officer of Gen-Probe , founded in 1983 , said the sale of the company means `` we will be able to concentrate on running the business rather than always looking for sources of financing . '' 
In Tokyo Tuesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.32 yen , up from Monday 's Tokyo close of 142.17 yen . 
`` What I 'd like to see , if he is up to it , is for Reagan to take to the hustings to regenerate enthusiasm for SDI , '' the congressman says . 
Some lawyers say the slump , while more obvious in recent weeks , began earlier this year . 
`` The last six months has established the quality of the collection . 
For example , Mr. Arbel says , stocks of small companies are selling for about 19 times cash flow . 
When Thomas W. Wathen went big league last year , he acquired a treasure-trove of Americana along with a well-known but ailing security business : Pinkerton 's Inc . 
The Big Board argues that its new product will help rather than hurt the situation by possibly drawing business from more-volatile forms of program trading . 
To the rest of us , the case is a puzzle . 
The great silver clouds on the horizon build themselves on the pale water . 
But others , large landowners , real-estate developers and business leaders , say the government 's proposals are intolerable . 
Foreign auto makers are taking the Tokyo Motor Show more seriously than ever . 
As for the women , they 're pathetic . 
Adverse publicity from the scandal surrounding its founder 's wife and related management strife have put pressure on the entire Helmsley organization . 
But as they hurl fireballs that smolder rather than burn , and relive old duels in the sun , it 's clear that most are there to make their fans cheer again or recapture the camaraderie of seasons past or prove to themselves and their colleagues that they still have it -- or something close to it . 
Like his predecessor , David Ruder , he was faced with a crisis in the stock markets soon after coming into office . 
Though some magazines are thriving , the magazine publishing industry remains a risky business . 
Because of the size of the proposed loan guarantee , the Ex-Im Bank 's preliminary commitment is subject to review by the House and Senate Banking committees . 
This puts upon enforcers the burden of proving outright fraud or misrepresentation , and such actions have been brought against hundreds of charities recently . 
The most common conflict involves compensation . 
General Electric Pension took control of the 85-title library last month after Color Systems defaulted on the loan . 
But out on Cobb Parkway , Ted Negas sees it differently . 
The billion-dollar question is , How much are those benefits worth ? 
Worse , the properties then sit around deteriorating for maybe a year or so , but are resold eventually ( because of the attractiveness of the low down payment , etc . ) to a marginal buyer who ca n't afford both the mortgage and needed repairs ; and having little vested interest that buyer will walk away and the vicious cycle repeats itself all over again . 
`` The best odds are with your core franchise . 
No prosecutorial guidelines , observed or unobserved , limit civil RICO cases by plaintiffs for damages . 
The lyric chosen -- `` long strange night '' -- may be an apt footnote to television spots by both candidates intended to portray each other as a liar . 
In addition , Healthcare agreed to make monthly rent and mortgage payments of $ 2.7 million to $ 3 million to HealthVest during the standstill period , to be paid when Healthcare successfully completes asset sales . 
FEDERAL PROSECUTORS are concluding fewer criminal cases with trials . 
He also vowed to `` make every effort to nurture ... a constructive new relationship that has been forged with participating employee groups . '' 
Sows for breeding and bred gilts totaled 1,070,000 , down 2 % from a year ago . 
`` But , at least , back then they did n't generally direct their anger at each other . '' 
Other news that weighed on the market : Initial unemployment claims rose by 62,000 last week ; American Telephone & Telegraph Co. will reduce its managerial staff by 15,000 through attrition ; the oil market turned weaker ; there was n't any investor demand for bullion ; and the dollar strengthened during the day , putting pressure on gold . 
Also , the region 's insistence on strict building codes helped prevent wider damage . 
The SEC at the same time approved a similar but smaller basket product on the Chicago Board Options Exchange , where the minimum will be $ 1.7 million . 
One unit , called the Escort , uses a new digital signal-processing technology to detect radar signals much sooner than was previously possible , the company said . 
This year , for the first time , Desc and other customers were consulted well in advance of the Pemex plant 's shutdown to ensure minimal inconvenience . 
TESTS ON 2,800-year-old mummies from Chile indicate ancient wood fires did n't produce dioxins or dibenzofurans , contradicting a theory the two pollutants today are coming from wood burning , General Electric Co. reports in Environmental Science & Technology magazine ... . 
If HDTV takes off in the U.S. , there will be demand for some 4,000 to 5,000 HDTV converters , known in the industry as telecines . 
Mr. Katz adds that people who jump in and out of the stock market need to be right about 70 % of the time to beat a buy-and-hold strategy . 
Though it 's clear that Mr. Gelbart 's sympathies do not lie with the far right , it 's also true that he is evenhanded in dispensing his satirical jabs , taking sharp aim at senators and congressmen of all stripes and particularly at the media . 
Other costs also would increase , including maintenance , because Eastern has an older fleet . 
`` We 're saying companies have to pay increasing attention to balance sheets , '' said Mr. Kerschner . 
But the magazine was slower than its competitors to come up with its regional editions , and until last year offered fewer of them than did competitors . 
They currently have large orders for cargo planes . 
`` But it 's risky , '' he says of Specialized 's attempt to adopt a corporate structure . 
Despite valiant efforts by Finance Minister Mailson Ferreira da Nobrega , inflation came to 36 % in September alone and is expected to top 1,000 % for the year . 
We may all hope that California 's voters will heed the scientific realities that their own university 's renowned Prof. Tom Jukes provides them and ignore the charlatanry profferred by their `` wealthy Hollywood weepers . '' 
Everybody was rubber-necking . '' 
Analysts worry that the disk-drive and leasing problems will last at least through the first quarter . 
Business : Restaurants 
A$ 50 million of 17 1\/2 % Eurobonds due Dec. 4 , 1991 , priced at 101.95 to yield 17.06 less fees via Westpac Banking Corp . 
A 35-nation environmental conference opened in Sofia , Bulgaria . 
He also received 20-year sentences for each of the 24 passengers injured . 
In the 1920s , a young schoolteacher , John T. Scopes , volunteered to be a guinea pig in a test case sponsored by the American Civil Liberties Union to challenge a ban on the teaching of evolution imposed by the Tennessee Legislature . 
For one , Axa plans to do away with certain tax credits that have resulted in more than $ 600 million paid to the Farmers exchanges during the past few years to offset underwriting losses . 
There are few factories and no mines . 
SAMURAI : 
`` Blondes , cocaine and Corvettes , '' mutters Mr. McClelland . 
But lawmakers of both parties agree that the streamlining was temporary . 
{ A futures contract is an agreement to buy or sell a commodity or financial instrument at a set price on a specified date . 
In 1989 , Illinois , Kansas , Ohio , Oregon and South Carolina have adopted rights laws , the Federation of Tax Administrators , a state officials ' group , reports ; the features vary . 
On a fully diluted basis , the two raised their stake to 68 % from 51 % . 
Defaults on Veterans Affairs loan guarantees have quadrupled in the past eight years . 
The U.S.-Japan Security Treaty can continue , sort of . 
Daily living is the best possible investment ! 
But the strategy can backfire ; if the ads appear too self-serving , the companies may end up looking like rank opportunists instead of good Samaritans . 
And a pending Justice Department interpretation of the assassination ban could raise questions that would have to be settled . 
Male scandal victims invariably fare better . 
In London , the Financial Times 100-share index finished 30.1 points higher at 2112.2 . 
With Garpian randomness , a hotel across the street , the Amfac , had been hit harder : A large sheet of its concrete facade and several window balconies were torn away . 
And it did n't have the crowded wild intimacy of Yankee Stadium . 
The study , by Susan Devesa , William Blot and Joseph Fraumeni of the institute 's staff , also shows that the incidence of lung cancer as well as the death rate declined over the decade for all groups in the 35-44 age bracket , except black men . 
As Mr. Vinson explains it , `` We do n't control the facts . 
Seagram 's gin is the world 's No. 2 gin brand , but the company does n't own any of the major gin brands imported in the U.S. . 
With friends like Mr. Sohmer , do the feminists of Hollywood need enemies ? 
So would someone recently divorced or widowed . 
In Brooklyn and the Bronx , one out of four commercial firms is burglarized each year . 
The elections will be a rigorous test for the 45-year-old prime minister and Congress ( I ) , which in various forms has ruled for 40 of India 's 42 years of independence . 
Meanwhile , they tackle the mounds of paper -- and fantasize about a dream world where bulk-mail postal regulations and government inspectors are banished . 
Editor Hasse Olsson said plans had called for 7,000 copies of the monthly Are Paev ( Business Paper ) to be sold at newsstands and an additional 3,000 promotion issues to be sent by direct mail . 
Union Carbide , whose third-quarter earnings dropped about 35 % from a year earlier and fell short of analysts ' expectations , declined 1\/2 to 24 1\/2 . 
Profit before taxes fell 17 % to $ 84.4 million from $ 101.4 million . 
Bank of Italy has also ordered BNL to shore up its capital base to account for potential foreign loan losses , and the Rome bank has outlined a 3 trillion lire capital-raising operation . 
PRIMERICA Corp. , New York , raised its quarterly 14 % to eight cents a share , from seven cents , payable Nov. 24 to stock of record Nov. 6 . 
Huge machines that look as though they came from the Star Wars desert-battle scene lumber among the dunes . 
Qintex Australia Ltd. , a media and resorts concern controlled by Australian entrepreneur Christopher Skase , announced a plan to restructure and sell assets to try to ease its financial problems . 
While Ms. Kaddurah-Daouk left MIT to head Amira , Prof. Schimmel will continue to work at MIT , serve on Amira 's board and own a small equity stake in the company . 
But even a raft of recent failures is n't stopping them from launching new publications . 
Issuing states generally limit the guarantees to in-state institutions , however , and buyers get refunds without much interest if the children do n't attend the specified schools . 
Sales rose 2.6 % to $ 1.32 billion from $ 1.29 billion . 
He also is working with a real-estate agent to help find them an apartment to rent while their home is being built . 
Mr. McDonough believes that the well-being of the planet depends on such stratagems as opening windows to cut indoor air pollution , tacking down carpets instead of using toxic glues , and avoiding mahogany , which comes from endangered rain forests . 
Most of the earnings decline reflected an increase in the company 's effective tax rate to 44 % from 37 % in the year-ago third quarter when nonrecurring tax credits were recorded , the company said . 
Alltel holds 45 % of the franchise , which has operations in Aiken , S.C. , and Augusta , Ga . 
Unfortunately , he gets low grades as an investigative reporter , relying heavily on what Chicago 's late mayor , Richard J. Daley , called `` insinuendo . '' 
By 1982 , he was selling thousands of tires . 
The market 's Friday-the-13th plunge of 190 points in the Dow Jones Industrial Average , and the Big Board 's understated response to it , galvanized some longstanding dissatisfaction among companies listed on the exchange . 
The conventional wisdom is to go into money funds when rates are rising and shift out at times such as the present , when rates seem headed down . 
`` In my freshman year , my roommate was known as a party animal . 
Bolinas -- astride the San Andreas Fault . 
So after all , even the bitterest critic of rural exclusivity harbors a continuing yearning for those scarce , rural virtues thought to exist amid fields , forests and country lanes . 
At as little as one-third of the government 's cost , the company is running a program to train Army helicopter pilots . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Co. , buoyed by improved operating profit in its tire segment , reported that third-quarter net income rose 11 % to $ 70.5 million , or $ 1.22 a share . 
LTV Corp. won a $ 25 million Army contract for missile test equipment . 
Japan 's biggest women 's underwear maker , Wacoal Corp. , said that it developed a sports car that it plans to market in two years . 
JMB officials are expected to be hired to represent the pension fund on the Santa Fe Pacific Realty board , Mr. Roulac said , to insulate the fund from potential liability problems . 
`` It takes three months to turn copper concentrate into cathodes , '' he said . 
Figure 1 demonstrates the performance of those businesses I 've invested in during this prosperous decade ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 20 , 1989 ) . 
As a money manager and a grass-roots environmentalist , I was very disappointed to read in the premiere issue of Garbage that The Wall Street Journal uses 220,000 metric tons of newsprint each year , but that only 1.4 % of it comes from recycled paper . 
He and Mr. Bologna emphasized that both companies would gain technological knowledge through the sale of Gen-Probe , which will expand `` significantly '' as a result of the acquisition . 
Ms. Bogart does better with music than with words when she wants , as she so often does want , to express herself through Gorky 's helpless play . 
In addition , Mr. Templeton received a dividend of 22 cents a share Oct. 5 . 
But yesterday , as Atlantis rumbled into a patch of clear sky above Florida with storm clouds closing in on it , NASA sought to turn Galileo into a symbol of triumph . 
If the battle continues much longer , many fast-food businesses will close or merge , predicts Vincent Morrissey , who owns a string of Kentucky Fried Chicken stores in the Midwest . 
MGM Grand Inc. , proposed offering of six million shares of common stock , via Merrill Lynch . 
Even so , traditional American cockiness is n't terribly endangered . 
But some of the activity , he says , may reflect a rush to get `` numbers in order '' for end-of-year reports . 
You depict the bill as something Democratic leaders `` hoodwinked '' the administration into endorsing . 
Robert Guy , an associate curator at the Princeton Art Museum , was previewing a June antiquities sale at the auction house when he recognized the kylix , which he , as a specialist in Attic pottery and a careful reader of the Stolen Art Alert in `` IFAR Reports , '' knew was stolen . 
There is hope of change . 
The names of some of these products do n't suggest the risk involved in buying them , either . 
Racal Electric , which traded 11 million shares , declined 12 to 218 . 
Do the Japanese feel so superior that they can not find capable American managers ? 
The current campaign is just the first leg of an aggressive three-to-five-year direct marketing plan . 
Because wholesale energy prices shot up by a steep 6.5 % last month , many analysts expected energy prices to rise at the consumer level too . 
Jujo Paper predicted that for the full fiscal year ending next March 31 , sales will total 400.0 billion yen , up from 366.89 billion yen . 
The product is the first from a European company based on Intel Corp. 's new 32-bit 486tm microprocessor , which works several times faster than previously available chips . 
Mr. Kageyama is accurate to deny a specific anti-American bias . 
Quebecor also publishes a second tabloid in Montreal , the struggling 18-month-old Montreal Daily News ; dailies in Quebec City and Winnipeg , Manitoba ; and dozens of weeklies covering most of Quebec . 
Decades of educational research tell us unequivocally that even smaller classes have zero effect on the academic performance of the pupils -- though they may sometimes be desirable for other reasons . 
HOLIDAY PROMOTION : 
I just felt another aftershock a few seconds ago . 
ARE CORPORATE profits distributed fairly ? 
Far from being minimalist , the music unabatingly torments us with apparent novelties not so cleverly disguised in the simplicities of 4\/4 time , octave intervals , and ragtime or gospel chord progressions . 
Continental Air replaced its top executive for the sixth time in as many years . 
`` The team included craftsmen from the shop floor as well as engineering , scheduling and purchasing personnel , '' reports Alan Westendorf , director of quality . 
Yet he is also firmly bound by his hard-line rhetoric and promises he made to anti-abortion activists during his long pursuit of the White House . 
Flick Shock 
Along the way , Mr. Tharp omitted a total of $ 1.5 million from his receipts reported on federal tax returns for three years . 
Anti-union pilots have held ballot-burning parties . 
The jump reflected record results in Las Vegas , Nev. , and Atlantic City , N.J. , as well as a full quarter 's results from Harrah 's Del Rio in Laughlin , Nev . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
Although profits were `` squeezed '' in 1989 , mainly as a result of higher raw-material costs , the company said it is confident about future earnings and cash flow for 1990 and beyond . 
The contract also provides for advanced billing and network management services . 
In the end , neither policy was followed , and instead of learning anything we are left with a mystery . 
John Barry Ventura , Calif . 
News of the arrest and charging of the two men helped to push prices on the Singapore Stock market sharply lower in early trading yesterday , but brokers said that the market and CDL shares recovered once it became apparent the charges were limited to the two men personally . 
Also Jonathan Silvers , who collaborated with Mr. Hoffman on two books . 
Bertin Nadeau , newly appointed chairman and interim chief executive of Provigo , would n't say if Mr. Lortie was asked to leave . 
The Ministry of Agriculture and Fishery actually is a ministry for farmers and fishermen instead of a ministry of provisions . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Ethyl closed at $ 25.875 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources company , is selling many of its assets to reduce its debts . 
An FDA spokesperson said the drugs are still available under other brand names . 
Profits realized from these trades would then be shared by the conspiring brokers . 
Ginnie Mae 's 9 % issue for November delivery finished at 98 1\/2 , up 4\/32 , and its 10 % issue at 102 3\/8 , up 4\/32 . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Turner 's Class A stock closed at $ 50.50 , down 37.5 cents . 
EARTHQUAKE VICTIMS facing imminent filing and payment deadlines will get extensions and penalty waivers like those provided for Hugo 's victims ; IRS Notice 89108 has details . 
Mr. Perry , who runs Unilever Group 's world-wide personal-care business , paused to scan the crowd . 
LDI leases and sells data-processing , telecommunications and other high-tech equipment . 
Mr. Stone thought the discipline was unfair ; he believed that his manager wanted to get rid of him for personal reasons . 
Both are young , one twenty odd , the other thirty odd . 
House-Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 jet and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion during the current fiscal year to develop a space-based anti-missile system . 
It said the situation is caused by efforts to streamline bloated factory payrolls . 
But Goya Foods Inc. believes it can milk some sales by bucking the trend . 
There are gratuitous references to supposed romantic liaisons between Husker players and a low-level female university employee . 
The recent bids for United and American Airlines have led Congress to move with supersonic speed to protect incumbent airline managements . 
Abortion alone ca n't explain this shift , but New Jersey is a model of how so personal an issue can become a baseline of sorts in judging a candidate . 
I fell asleep on the lobby floor , next to a man wearing a Chicago Cubs jacket . 
For OPEC , that 's ideal . 
There is likely to be a natural division of labor , says Francois Heisbourg , director of the International Institute for Strategic Studies in London , with the U.S. more engaged in strategic issues with the Soviet Union , and Western Europe more involved with specific aid measures for the East . 
Yes , my prices are high . 
Soon , the military became a veritable mafia controlling legal and illegal businesses . 
`` If you know you 've got stability in price , you can do things you would n't do with the volatility of the past few years . '' 
Pitcher = lanzador . 
The firms have all said that West Virginia 's suit is without merit . 
The guilty pleas would be made solely by Gulf Power , the individuals said . 
The combination of so many chains available for sale , the recent failures of such retailing LBO 's as Miller & Rhoads Inc. and declining investor confidence will drive down prices , retailing observers said . 
On Sept. 14 , Harvard began circulating a conflict-of-interest policy statement that , in effect , would follow the NIH guidelines faithfully . 
The six-mile trip to my airport hotel that had taken 20 minutes earlier in the day took more than three hours . 
`` We do n't want Brussels deciding conditions for workers unless they are necessary and useful , '' said Zygmunt Tyszkiewicz , secretary general of the employers ' confederation Unice . 
He does this in at least three of his solo pieces . 
Now a rocky stock market and weak corporate profits may further threaten the economy . 
Discussing the recent slide in stock prices , the central bank governor stated that `` the markets now appear to have steadied '' after the `` nasty jolt '' of the 190.58-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average a week ago . 
EXXON Corp. , New York , oil company , NYSE , said its refinery northeast of San Francisco was operating at a slightly reduced rate as a precaution in case of aftershocks . 
z - Not available . 
Three months after she arrived in L.A. she spent $ 120 she did n't have for a hat . 
It has gotten a bad rep because its once heavily polluted Cuyahoga River caught fire , because former Mayor Ralph Perk set his hair on fire with an acetylene torch and because its proposed Rock 'n' Roll Hall of Fame was recently refused an urban-development grant . 
A special committee of United Merchants directors said that in view of uncertainties regarding various legal and financial considerations , it could n't recommend the plan to the full board . 
Consider , for instance , two bond funds from Vanguard Group of Investment Cos. that were both yielding 8.6 % on a recent day . 
Mr. Sherry declined to comment when asked about the sales . 
In many cases , the lawsuit was filed long after the drug was used -- the cancer in the daughters was typically not detected for years -- and there is no way to prove which of several companies manufactured the doses consumed by certain women . 
Mr. Brady also said he expects the leveraged buy-out phenomenon to `` end under ( its ) own weight . '' 
Courtaulds has been under pressure to enhance shareholder value since takeover speculators -- including Australian financier Kerry Packer -- surfaced holding small stakes last year . 
The Akron , Ohio-based company said pretax operating income in its tire segment jumped about 31 % to $ 196.2 million from $ 150.2 million a year earlier , reflecting improvements in raw material costs , sales of replacement tires and pricing . 
As part of the agreement , Goodson also terminated the contract under which Ingersoll manages Goodson 's 66 newspapers , ending a long association between the two companies that has turned increasingly bitter recently . 
Terms on both deals were n't disclosed . 
Investor interest in stock funds `` has n't stalled at all , '' Mr. Hines maintains . 
Not everyone , however , is at ease with office massage . 
ENERGY : 
The bank 's medium-term and long-term loans to less-developed countries total $ 293 million , of which $ 146 million are n't accruing interest , the bank said . 
I did n't say this , and I 'm totally opposed to the philosophy expressed by the quote . 
Had the contest gone a full seven games , ABC could have reaped an extra $ 10 million in ad sales on the seventh game alone , compared with the ad take it would have received for regular prime-time shows . 
Senate Democrats are to meet today to consider the GOP proposal . 
Says psyllium exporter Mr. Patel : `` I just got back yesterday from the U.S. . 
She has TB , after all , and a weak-kneed lover ; and though a successful courtesan , she is just about overdrawn at the bank . 
Mercury attributed the loss to rapid prepayments of loans and costs incurred in refinancing many house loans this past spring and summer , when interest rates dipped . 
Directors of state-owned Banca Nazionale del Lavoro approved a two-step capital-boosting transaction and a change in the bank 's rules that will help it operate more like a private-sector institution . 
Sen. Cranston , as he returned to the capital last week from a one-day trip to inspect earthquake damage in San Francisco , sighed to an aide : `` Well , back to Keatingland . 
We do not see anything in the fundamentals of our business that would cause us to change our strategy of investing for profitable growth . '' 
Should n't they properly be called exit-load funds ? 
`` Japanese publishers want to be introduced to the publishing and information industries , '' said John Veronis , chairman of Veronis Suhler . 
Last year 's series , broadcast by General Electric Co. 's NBC , was the lowest-rated Series in four years ; instead of featuring a major East Coast team against a West Coast team , it pitted the Los Angeles Dodgers against the losing Oakland A's . 
Mr. Perlman , who is also acting chief financial officer and the odds-on favorite to become the next chief executive , said the company is achieving `` modest positive cash flow from operations , and we expect that to continue into 1990 . '' 
`` Much of what we set out to do is completed . '' 
It also creates a newly merged world-wide ad agency controlled by Eurocom and headed jointly by New York ad man Jerry Della Femina and two top WCRS executives . 
Rep. Hamilton said the bill will be modified substantially to call for two meetings each year between the Fed 's open market committee and the Treasury Secretary , the chairman of the Council of Economic Advisers and the director of the Office of Management and Budget . 
Visitors , whisked from the Strip on a moving walkway , will glide over a habitat for rare white tigers , which will star in performances by the famed illusionist team of Siegfried & Roy . 
Chevron 's net income fell 0.7 % , to $ 417 million , or $ 1.22 a share , from $ 420 million , or $ 1.23 a share . 
Frank plans the program , takes care of business , and approaches the work like any other job . 
Tell us about the HUD scandals . 
And the generally frail condition of Arizona 's lenders means there is little capital available in the state to shore up the economy and slow down the slide . 
A majority of Japanese banks are said to be wary of making new loans to Mexico under the Brady plan because they 're uncertain the Mexican economy will remain stable . 
Mr. Salinas needs big investment inflows -- quickly . 
A spokeswoman for Ogilvy & Mather said the agency does n't comment on `` idle speculation . '' 
Even stranger is the case of Usha Rectifier , a semiconductor company with 1988 sales of $ 28 million that 's raising $ 270 million to build an iron plant . 
He also thinks foreign investors , who are showing signs of more discriminate investing , will join the pursuit and pump up prices . 
Finally , I think it important to point out the extraordinarily high visibility of non-violent civil disobedience in these days of intensive media coverage . 
GM 's interest in Jaguar reflects a desire to help diversify the U.S. company 's products in the growing luxury-car segment of the market . 
According to one person familiar with the airline , the buy-out group -- led by United 's pilots union and UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf -- has begun billing UAL for fees and expenses it owes to investment bankers , law firms and banks . 
The results include record quarterly earnings of $ 76 million from Chrysler Financial Corp . 
Marathon has benefited from higher crude-oil prices and strong demand for refined products . 
The committee , formed in 1967 , now has 60 chapters around the world . 
Indeed , skepticism was amply captured by a joke told by Poles at the conference : `` The world must be coming to an end . 
The big question is whether the new president will have the strength and the political support in Congress to take steps to cure Brazil 's economic ills . 
In the midst of the current turmoil , Saatchi is attempting to shore up its ad businesses . 
MEDICINE SHOPPE INTERNATIONAL Inc. declared a 3-for-2 stock split , and substantially boosted the dividend payout . 
The first UAL deal unraveled after Citibank and Chase could n't raise $ 7.2 billion . 
`` He 's a very tough man , but one who 's also open to arguments , '' adds an aide to West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl . 
As for property and casualty insurers , Moody 's said `` preliminary estimates suggest that losses should not have a significant impact on most insurers ' financial condition , '' but it `` raises concerns about potentially substantial risks '' longer-term . 
But the effort became snagged on the question of what would become of other issues , ranging from cutting the capital-gains tax to child care to repeal of catastrophic-illness insurance . 
Before , callers of 900 numbers would just listen and not talk , or they 'd vote `` yes '' or `` no '' by calling one of two numbers . 
Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan said in a recent interview that he has no inclination to eliminate program trading . 
The purchase includes a coffee-roasting plant in Omaha , Neb. , and a leased facility in Houston . 
Still , a lot of investors clearly have revived their interest in gold and utility shares . 
It 's not a zero-sum game . '' 
So she has agreed to forgo monetary damages against Mr. Alexander 's client in return for the right to punch the attorney . 
It was nothing more or nothing less than a feeding frenzy . '' 
The real tragedies occurred elsewhere , as we soon found out . 
`` I 've always relied heavily on the grid and found it never to fail . '' 
Hudson 's Bay said it will redeem 9.5 million Series H preferred shares on Oct. 31 at a price of C$ 27.75 each . 
And liquidity is what markets need to damp quakes and aftershocks . 
In 1987 , prosecutors filed against 35 defendants for every 100,000 adults . 
Housings , constructions and pharmaceuticals continued to be bought following Thursday 's gains because of strong earnings outlooks . 
For the prior year , deposits exceeded withdrawals by $ 8.8 billion . 
Its developer is a Polish American , Sasha Muniak . 
Company officials could n't be reached . 
Because of standardized designs , Mr. Hovnanian says , `` a buyer can visualize Society Hill regardless of where it is . '' 
Citing rising fuel costs , promotional fare cuts and a general slowdown in travel , several major carriers have posted or are expected to post relatively poor third-quarter results . 
Other changes , including easing restrictions on travel for East Germans , are expected . 
Exxon Capital , long-rumored to be a potential debt issuer , offered $ 200 million of 10-year notes priced to yield 8.31 % . 
Yesterday , Ford Motor disclosed that it has raised its holding in Jaguar to 10.4 % from 5 % . 
Market uncertainty also clouds the outlook for B.A.T 's attracting a premium price for its U.S. retailing properties . 
For one of the superstars of glasnost , Vitaly Korotich , editor of the trail-blazing weekly Ogonyok , Friday , Oct. 20 was a somersaulting day that turned from tension to elation . 
The Little Rock , Ark. , department-store retailer said proceeds will be used to reduce short-term debt . 
For distilled spirits , operating profit rose 36 % , to $ 24.8 million . 
COCOA : 
The bank also said it expects to report a $ 1.42 billion loss for the third quarter and a loss for the full year . 
Conseco Inc. said it is calling for the redemption on Dec. 7 of all the 800,000 remaining shares outstanding of its $ 1.875 Series A convertible preferred stock at $ 26.805 a share . 
Bashing the D.C. government is risk-free for members of Congress , who do not have to answer to their own constituents for it . 
( See , for instance , Jim Bakker 's remarks upon being sentenced to prison this Tuesday for defrauding the faithful . ) 
The unit 's first two offerings are slated to be `` The Secret Life of Ian Fleming , '' a dramatization about the former British spy who wrote the James Bond novels , and `` Treasure Island , '' produced by Charlton Heston , who also stars in the movie . 
The new chip plants `` wo n't be excessive investment , '' says Hajime Sasaki , an NEC vice president . 
`` But many newspapers are facing similar comparisons . '' 
If elected , Mr. Dinkins will probably have no choice but to raise taxes on overburdened businesses or cut spending in already under-serviced neighborhoods . 
She could end up seeking a fourth term in an economy sick with inflation , high interest rates and a heavy trade deficit . 
The announcements are scheduled to be made in Temple , Texas , and include a so-called `` notebook '' PC that weighs less than seven pounds , has a built-in hard disk drive and is powered by Intel Corp. 's 286 microprocessor . 
But the witness , William Crawford , California 's chief state thrift regulator , denies saying that . 
Thus it is coming up short on a big bet that quick sales at higher prices would enable it to keep up with mortgage and other debt payments . 
The company complains that it paid $ 10 million to non-Humana hospitals in its latest fiscal year for services provided to its insurance plan members . 
To give Leche Fresca the creamier taste Goya says Hispanics prefer , the new brand has a butterfat content of 3.8 % . 
And sometimes a reputable charity with a household name gets used and does n't even know it . 
The greatest thing going for Mr. Gandhi and the Congress ( I ) Party is the poor reputation of the opposition . 
And even when specific projects are described in prospectuses , the money often is used elsewhere , according to analysts . 
Because of the early settlement , the Federal Reserve was unable to purchase bills for its system account . 
Alusuisse of America Inc. plans to sell its Consolidated Aluminum Corp. subsidiary as part of its strategy to focus more on aluminum packaging in the U.S. . 
He adds : `` We , and the rest of the EC have to talk to the Germans , now , frankly and raise these future risks with them . '' 
Others are trying to find specialty defense work spared by the slowdown or new niches created by budget-cutting . 
`` I think a lot of their businesses are just so-so . '' 
Lee Co. , the jeans maker , celebrates its 100th anniversary with a hardcover yearbook featuring photos of its 10,000 employees . 
Japanese managers ca n't expect Americans to behave as if they were Japanese ; instead , they must manage Americans as Americans . 
And the administration 's deal with Congress gives several congressional committees the right to cut off even humanitarian aid next month , though the committees are likely to let aid continue until February . 
With the stock market wobbly and dollar buyers discouraged by signs of U.S. economic weakness and the recent decline in U.S. interest rates that has diminished the attractiveness of dollar-denominated investments , traders say the dollar is still in a precarious position . 
The strain was discovered by Morinaga & Co. and licensed to Gustafson , a unit of Uniroyal Chemical Co . 
The accord is for a turbogenerator plant at the coal-fired power station Hemweg in Amsterdam . 
MiniScribe filed a status report with the NASD on Monday , detailing its efforts to comply with listing requirements and requesting an extension of the exception , but has n't received a response . 
Their cowardly acts of civil disobedience , which they tried to hide under the cloak of outrage at a war they characterized as `` immoral , '' weakened the national fabric and threw additional burdens on those who served honorably in that conflict . 
A shareholders ' accord would provide the first restitution to thousands of individuals and institutions claiming losses as a result of insider trading by Boesky & Co. , once the largest arbitrage fund in the U.S. . 
In trading at the Chicago Board of Trade , the corn contract for December delivery jumped 5.75 cents a bushel to settle at $ 2.44 a bushel . 
CompuServe provides about 20 % of both sales and earnings . 
There were rumors of $ 148-a-share trades . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The company hopes the new plant , likely to be built in Frankfurt , will be able to produce 10,000 tons a year . 
The report was based on a telephone survey of 1,250 low-income households across the state , a mail survey of major legal-services programs and on-site interviews with individuals in the field . 
Houston attorney Dale Friend , representing a plaintiff in a damage suit , says he has negotiated a settlement that will strike a blow for his client . 
Groused Robert Antolini , head of over-the-counter trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette : `` It 's making it tough for traders to make money . '' 
Your story was tasteless and insensitive . 
But Nissan expects to earn only 120 billion yen in the current fiscal year , a modest increase of 4.7 % . 
Fireman 's Fund property-liability subsidiaries reported a 120.7 % combined underwriting ratio for the nine months , up from 108.4 % for the year-ago period . 
Depicting the people of a traumatized city reeling from a disaster of unprecedented proportions was at the very best ludicrous under the circumstances . 
But other Japanese institutions say privately that they are considering asking to join the 59-dealer selling group . 
The financial equivalent of the sand used by those Armenian contractors is junk bonds and the leveraged buy-outs associated with them . 
As a result , fourth-quarter profit will come in below 1988 results , although the drop wo n't be as sharp as the 44 % third-quarter decline , he said . 
The three establishments -- two in Warsaw and one in Krakow -- accept only foreign currency and are joint ventures between Polish firms and Western companies . 
Under the amended pension program , AT&T managers who have at least five years of service will have five years added to their age and length of service for pension purposes . 
In particular , I do not find the fact that your group of pros ' monthly selections of four stocks outperforms the market in general to be inconsistent with market efficiency . 
Mr. Baker found an opening under the house that led to a fume-filled coal mine . 
The practice is common at catalog , insurance and phone companies , banks and telemarketers , according to trade groups and worker organizations . 
Short interest , which represents the number of shares borrowed and sold , but not yet replaced , can be a bad-expectations barometer for many stocks . 
When the weather cools , Mr. Baker says , hobos often hole up in abandoned houses . 
Among other things , the bill calls for a reorganization of the Justice Department . 
Mr. Rosen , among others , suggested that the quake , the strongest since the 1906 temblor that struck San Francisco , will in the short term create a two-tier price system for quake-prone communities , with dwellings built on sturdy ground likely to demand higher prices . 
Securities firms have challenged those Fed approvals , saying they violate federal laws separating the banking and securities businesses . 
DPC holds about 7.8 % of Dataproducts ' shares . 
Arguably , both were on notice that their behavior was at least risky . 
Pfizer said third-quarter sales increased 4 % to $ 1.44 billion from $ 1.38 billion . 
Policy statement P-5-39 sets out terms . 
Areas that are made of ` fill ' liquefy . 
Payment by Allianz for the insurance interests it has just bought will help swell the French concern 's treasury to an estimated 11 billion francs . 
Whittle has met some resistance . 
Arthur Price resigned as president and chief executive officer of MTM Enterprises Inc. , a Studio-City , Calif. , entertainment concern . 
In the year-ago third quarter , Time on its own reported net income of $ 81 million , or $ 1.42 a share . 
( At Harvard , Ms. Bartlett had declared : `` There are going to be problems with safety ... 
`` Look a customer right in the eye and say , ` I 'm glad to be at Wang . 
Mr. Gurria , Mexico 's under-secretary of the ministry of finance , met yesterday with European bankers in London , at the half-way point on a so-called road show to market the package around the world . 
Outside what essentially amounted to a bookkeeping exercise , dealers said London dealings were largely dulled by the absence of active interest beyond the market-makers . 
The ghost of the Soviet brigade discovered in Cuba back in the '70s costs just a few hundred million : the price of the Caribbean Command in Key West that President Carter created in 1980 . 
The sale price , which was above Wall Street expectations , sent many RJR securities up by one point . 
The federal Office of Thrift Supervision approved the conversion last Friday , HomeFed said . 
The value of the jets , including spares , is in excess of $ 250 million . 
What loyalty there is to gas brands , he believes , is a matter of stopping at the most conveniently located service stations . 
The judge said that if the FBI 's proposed schedule was followed in releasing the documents , `` a delay of over one year will have occurred and plaintiff will have served approximately two-thirds of his 3 1\/2-year minimum sentence by the time he receives the files . '' 
He told reporters he had information that Mr. Fournier was preparing to buy as much as 20 % of Paribas , up from less than 5 % currently . 
It is estimated that the Patterson group controls more than 40 % of Rally 's stock . 
Some TV people doubt they will materialize and argue that even if they do , they wo n't offset the multimillion-dollar deficits that CBS could run up . 
Maybe he did n't start it , but Mohandas Gandhi certainly provided a recognizable beginning to non-violent civil disobedience as we know it today . 
This ministry has done nothing to correct the misunderstandings and misperceptions that are at the root of Japan 's deteriorating image . 
The diversified operations helped GM build its cash reserves , exclusive of its financial subsidiary , to $ 5.5 billion as of Sept. 30 , a 22 % increase from a year earlier . 
`` On the down side , sales could fall as much as 90 % for some companies ; on the upper side , sales will be flat . '' 
`` The interest-rate sensitives are n't rallying with the rest of the market because of fears about what the ( Federal Reserve ) will do , '' Mr. Jennison said . 
Finally , the official estimates understate growth because they make inadequate allowance for improvements in quality of goods and services . 
Those who are n't worried about how Japanese manufacturers ' investments will affect trade note that many new products are n't replacements for imports . 
Kurzweil Music Systems Inc. said it retained Kidder , Peabody & Co. to study financial alternatives , including the possible sale of the financially struggling company . 
From that point on , the U.S. would make a practice of overlooking the Panamanian 's misadventures . 
`` They are going to catch up , '' said David Claridge , an analyst with Hambrecht & Quist . 
The doctor was among dozens of people milling through East Berlin 's Gethsemane Church Saturday morning . 
The dispute was the subject of a Wall Street Journal article in August . 
In national over-the-counter trading , Ashton-Tate closed yesterday at $ 10 a share , up 62.5 cents . 
Adm. Goupil 's comments are likely to inflame the broader dispute within the military establishment here over the role of Dassault . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.50 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 62 days ; 8.375 % 63 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days . 
The Agriculture Department is expected to announce tomorrow that the number of cattle in the 13 major ranch states slipped 4 % to 8.21 million on Oct. 1 compared with the level a year earlier , said Tom Morgan , president of Sterling Research Corp. , Arlington Heights , Ill . 
Civil suits against planners by clients seeking recovery of funds are increasingly common . 
KIM : 
After a few weeks in seclusion , Mr. Mack opened a consulting firm , but not to enable him to directly lobby ; that would require him to disclose his clients by registering as a lobbyist . 
She says her group used to give tips on selecting planners -- check educational and experience credentials , consult regulators and Better Business Bureaus -- but found that even some people who took these steps `` were still getting ripped off . '' 
Some analysts are especially wary of credit-card issues . 
Mr. Swavely said the new space will allow Compaq to increase the manufacturing capacity of its plant in Erskine , Scotland . 
It said , however , that net income for the two-month period ended Aug. 31 plunged to $ 150,000 from $ 851,000 in the prior year on a 33 % rise in revenue to $ 21.4 million . 
An additional benefit is the creation of jobs . 
But Mr. Greenspan , who has repeatedly said the Fed 's goal is to reduce inflation , added that `` whatever losses are incurred in the pursuing of price stability would surely be more than made up in increased output thereafter . '' 
In the latest quarter , Aetna had a $ 23 million loss on its auto\/homeowners line , compared with earnings of $ 33 million last year . 
Guaranteed by India . 
They discourage prosecutors , under certain circumstances , from seeking court orders seizing the assets of racketeering defendants prior to trial . 
John Padovan , 51 years old , was named a deputy chairman . 
Mr. Buffett 's firm , Berkshire Hathaway , holds a much bigger stake in the carrier than Mr. Steinhardt 's firm , Steinhardt Partners . 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of Michigan First general bonds , including $ 70 million of environmental protection project bonds and $ 10 million of recreation project bonds , via a Shearson Lehman Hutton group . 
In early trading in Tokyo Tuesday , the Nikkei index rose 35.28 points to 35452.72 . 
Irving maintained -- and still does -- that its actions were proper under its account agreements with customers . 
One of the first people to come to the Deaver home after his troubles erupted was former Nixon aide John Ehrlichman , whom Mr. Deaver scarcely knew . 
Most energy futures opened lower , following Wednesday 's market downturn . 
Generally , the Bush administration expressed satisfaction with the economy 's progress as it heads into its eighth year of sustained growth next month . 
But they said the C$ 30-a-share bid , which was due to expire Monday , may still be extended or varied . 
For example , if wheat is being offered at $ 4.065 and bid at $ 4.060 , a market order to buy would be filled at the higher price and a market order to sell at the lower price . 
The states have their own ideas about regulation and certification . 
London share prices closed sharply lower Friday in active trading after Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson 's resignation slapped the market and Wall Street 's rapid initial sell-off knocked it down . 
UAL Chairman Stephen M. Wolf , who is leading the management end of the buy-out , has n't provided investors with any assurances about the prospect of a new deal . 
Out of the mouths of revolutionaries are coming words of moderation . 
The Wall Street firms ' pullback followed their recent blacklisting by several institutional investors . 
Any discussions with Ford could postpone the Jaguar-GM deal , headed for completion within the next two weeks . 
In other words , economic growth would be lower and unemployment would be higher for a few years . 
But attention also rivets on who finishes last , and Pine Bluff , Ark. -- which finished third to last in 1981 and second to last in 1985 -- is certainly in the running . 
`` Trying to answer that is suggesting all kinds of theories , '' such as precisely where and how the brain processes incoming signals from the eyes . 
Falcon Cable Systems Co. said it proposed an amendment that would allow it to increase its debt cap to 65 % of the company 's fair market value from the 40 % currently allowed . 
For many , the situation is especially discouraging because the market for IPOs was showing signs of strengthening after several years of weakness . 
America 's war on the dictator over the past two years , following his indictment on drug charges in February 1988 , is the legacy of that relationship . 
At the bottom of the slump , Schlumberger Inc. was discounting 75 % on an electronic evaluation of a well ; now it discounts about 50 % , drillers say . 
The Oakland grocery retailer , closely held since a $ 4.2 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 , said profit for the three months ended Sept. 9 was $ 7.1 million , compared with $ 23 million a year earlier . 
To lure buyers to the Chicago & North Western bonds , portfolio managers said Donaldson Lufkin sweetened the transaction by offering the bonds with a resettable interest rate and a 10 % equity kicker . 
Comments from the audience reflected widespread , if wistful , agreement with those conclusions . 
Prices also fell for ethylene oxide and glycols , products used in making antifreeze . 
Mr. Fischer plows his own fields , sows his own corn and sunflowers , and feeds his own sheep . 
On the afternoon of Oct. 17 , after hours of haggling with five insurance-claims adjusters over settling a toxic-waste suit , four lawyers had an agreement in hand . 
Bond prices rose . 
Traders worked with the help of sunlight streaming through windows , despite large cracks in the walls and a lack of incoming phone calls . 
Mr. Peters , on the other hand , has fewer fans in Hollywood , and his detractors like to characterize him as something of a hot-tempered bully . 
`` We asked police to investigate why they are allowed to distribute the flag in this way . 
The issue is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securitiess . 
As part of a previously announced transaction , Federal Mogul Corp. has bought approximately 565,000 shares of its common stock from Nortek Inc. at $ 23.50 a share . 
Company President Steve Papetti says Marriott will be among his clients as well . 
A companion jetty that helps hold back the sea looks like a rusting junkyard . 
This kind of contingency analysis is common in war planning and business planning . 
But the man who built it has fallen . 
The public sector borrowing requirement , the most widely used measure of Britain 's government deficit or surplus , showed a deficit of # 200 million in September , compared with a deficit of # 765 million in August and a deficit of # 1.08 billion in September 1988 , the Treasury said . 
`` We think there 's a good prospect that competition is going to get pretty fierce in this market , '' said James E. Day , a First City vice president . 
If they were to insist on a low bid of , say $ 200 a share , the board might n't be able to obtain a higher offer from other bidders because banks might hesitate to finance a transaction the pilots oppose . 
It means it is virtually impossible to fire or even transfer incompetent principals . 
The latest period included a $ 9 million write-down on undeveloped land , while the year-earlier period included a $ 46 million reserve for real-estate losses . 
Paper and forest-products stocks were especially strong , as the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa by Georgia-Pacific triggered speculation that the industry could be in for a wave of merger activity . 
Still , Hugo 's impact may revive unsuccessful proposals to give local governments authority to levy sales taxes . 
Among the types of cases the in-house litigators handle are disputes involving companies doing business with GM and product-related actions , including one in which a driver is suing GM for damages resulting from an accident . 
Yields on five-year CDs at major banks were averaging about 7.45 % , and 10-year Treasury notes were paying less than 8 % . 
But as stock prices recovered some of the early losses , so did the U.S. currency . 
`` That 's still an improvement over last year , but it leads one to conclude that basically we 've gotten all the mileage we can out of past dollar depreciation and past marginal cuts in the federal budget deficit . '' 
The lower interest income occurred because Schlumberger spent $ 1.2 billion buying back its stock last year . 
This caused an explosion of IRA promotions by brokers , banks , mutual funds and others . 
Onstage , a congressional hearing is in progress , complete with elegant crystal chandelier overhead and a lifesize reproduction of the signing of the Constitution in the background . 
Mr. Revson , the gossip columnist , says there are people who actually plan whose names they are going to drop before attending a party . 
The projects already under construction will increase Las Vegas 's supply of hotel rooms by 11,795 , or nearly 20 % , to 75,500 . 
They are buying an operation that is running well . '' 
One sign of a possible easing of credit policy was the decision this week of People 's Bank of China , the central bank , to allocate $ 5.4 billion in short-term loans to pay farmers for the autumn harvest , the official China Daily reported . 
An S&P rating of double-A-plus has already been confirmed . 
Bond dealers said the rates for the long-term tax-exempt New York City bonds were among the highest , as a percentage of Treasury rates , for any New York City issue in recent memory . 
ROSS STORES INC. , Newark , discount apparel chain , annual sales $ 576 million , two of 28 stores in Bay Area closed , both could open as early as today . 
Ms. Volokh quit her job , to remove herself from the public eye . 
But others reject the view , and forecast the dollar will continue to hold its current tight trading pattern . 
China will spend $ 9.45 million for urgent maintenance on Tibet 's Potala Palace , former home of the Dalai Lama , the China News Service said . 
By a 2-to-1 ratio , voters appear more at ease with Mr. Florio 's stance on abortion , and polls indicate his lead widens when the candidates are specifically linked to the issue . 
The company , which has a European foothold , Murata Europe Management G.m.b . H. in Germany , said the latest venture is designed to meet demand for electric parts in European Community countries ahead of the creation of the unified market by the end of 1992 . 
I could n't decide if I should come home to Marin , because my house is on stilts . 
`` It 's a shocker , '' said Joseph Di Lillo , chairman of Drake Capital Securities , a brokerage firm that has an investment in Qintex Entertainment . 
And that increase in the money supply would not have happened without the consent of the Federal Reserve . 
The venture cost Quebecor $ 12 million , Mr. Peladeau says . 
`` Volume has been appalling , '' said a dealer at a British brokerage concern . 
`` The Odeon made a written offer to Marcia Levine on July 10 to return to work as the maitre 'd , at the same pay , same hours and with back pay accrued , '' he said . 
For , just as Mr. Giuliani latches on to an issue that has Mr. Dinkins reeling , his campaign desperately needs cash to keep Mr. Ailes 's commercials on the air beyond Wednesday or Thursday . 
The U.S. economy grew at a moderate 2.5 % annual rate in the third quarter , the same pace as the second quarter , despite the worst trade performance in six years , the Commerce Department reported . 
Her sister-in-law ( Amy Wright ) is a sniveling prude afraid that Kate will seduce all the married men in town , including a particularly loathsome fellow named Tucker , whose idea of fun is to leave his wife at home tending to her bruises and cigarette burns , while he bullies Kate into a dance that consists of drooling on her while trying to break her ribs . 
The panel found that since 1987 , real-estate prices rose nearly 50 % in a speculative fever fueled by economic prosperity , the 1988 Seoul Olympics and the government 's pledge to rapidly develop Korea 's southwest . 
More important , the CD was purchased on the secondary , or resale , market . 
While some automotive programs have been delayed , they have n't been canceled . '' 
Rymer Foods Inc. said its board authorized the purchase of as many as 500,000 of its common stock purchase warrants at a price of $ 4 a warrant . 
Net premiums written through Sept. 30 fell 5 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 2.2 billion a year ago , because of the writing of fewer policies at flat prices , the company said . 
Archive attributed the gains to strong demand for its products , continued growth of the reseller market and the acquisition of Maynard Electronics in February , which accounted for about 14 % of the company 's revenue . 
In Poland , only 4 % of all investment goes toward making things farmers want ; in the West , it is closer to 20 % . 
The number of authorized common shares will remain at 100 million . 
That 's not all . 
It was fear of disturbing EMS exchange-rate relationships that caused the Chirac government in France to be timid about cutting tax rates . 
That award ended a dispute between Dean Witter and Mr. Bachman over who was responsible for certain bond-trading losses around the time of the 1987 stock-market crash . 
The issue is rated triple-A by Moody 's , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a letter of credit covering 13 % of the deal from Credit Suisse . 
CBS may remain a distant No. 3 in that regard . 
In return , HealthVest agreed that it wo n't exercise its rights and remedies against Healthcare during the 120-day period . 
By his moderate Republican heritage as well as the warnings of political advisers who say the issue is vital to younger voters , the president might seem to have at least some sympathy with abortion-rights arguments . 
Eight people , including a supervisor of Security Pacific National Bank 's central vault , were arrested in an investigation of an alleged drug money-laundering operation . 
What had been a deteriorated area with nothing but wig shops and shoe shops is now experiencing a major upgrading in the housing and commercial stock , thanks to a continuously replenished source of revitalization capital that Vermont-Slauson yields . '' 
He said the evidence pointed to wrongdoing by Mr. Keating `` and others , '' although he did n't allege any specific violation . 
Nissan will introduce a completely revamped Sentra next fall . 
President North American Physicians Insurance Risk Retention Group 
Developers are also forming more joint ventures with pension funds and insurance companies that can finance big projects . 
That culture , carefully crafted by Mr. Smith , leaves little , if any , room for unions . 
How would this bastion of traditional values fare in Ms. Bogart 's iconoclastic hands ? 
It 's a script pieced together from interviews by CBS News for a re-enactment , a dramatic rendering by an actor of Mr. Hoffman 's ultimately unsuccessful struggle with depression . 
People often stay with a particular brand because they want to be associated with the image its advertising conveys , whether that 's macho Marlboro cigarettes or Cher 's Uninhibited perfume . 
Scientists need to understand that while they tend to believe their work is primarly about establishing new knowledge or doing good , today it is also about power . 
`` We do n't know yet how useful it 's going to be , '' he said . 
Occidental Petroleum Corp. holds regular evacuation drills and stocks food , oxygen and non-prescription drugs at checkpoints in its 16-story headquarters . 
What makes a person buy an oil well from some stranger knocking on the screen door ? 
Instead , he proposed a `` law-governed economy , '' in which there would be a `` clear-cut division between state direction of the economy and economic management . '' 
But that is not the same as saying that the Federal Reserve has other objectives . 
Mr. Regalia said the industry may be reluctant to step up building at the moment for fear the inventories of unsold homes will increase again . 
Without becoming overly contentious , allow me to suggest that several recent champions of the world according to us ( as in U.S. ) might not have ranked No. 1 in many polls . 
The benchmark 30-year bond was nearly 1\/4 point higher , or up about $ 2.50 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Meanwhile , Bear Stearns 's 650 stock and bond salesmen saw thinner paychecks over the past year , which the company says reflected lower commission revenue caused by a decline in investor activity in the markets . 
Even print-shop operator Clay Smith of Naperville wo n't discard his old supply . 
Analysts expect Ford will make the first move , perhaps today , with an initial offer of about 900 pence ( $ 14.25 ) a share . 
Further , under the agreement , First Tennesse would continue to develop the software that creates customer products and sevices . 
Toyota plans to raise Lexus exports when a new plant starts up next year . 
ESB said it was given only a three-hour advance warning on a `` take it or leave it '' basis from Inco , as the Toronto company is called . 
Sales at Radio Shack stores open more than a year grew only 2 % in the quarter from a year earlier , he said . 
San Jose and several other California cities mounted major campaigns during the summer to woo the group , which was founded last June by seven electronics concerns . 
Flanked by flight attendants , pilots and gate agents dressed in spiffy new blue uniforms , they said Eastern has exceeded its operational goals and is filling its seats . 
But no one has made a serious effort to transplant the crop . 
FEDERAL NATIONAL MORTGAGE ASSOCIATION ( Fannie Mae ) : Posted yields on 30 year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days ( priced at par ) 9.68 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 8.70 % , 6\/2 rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
In January 1987 , as LTV Steel continued operating while under reorganization , the agency terminated the three LTV pension plans to keep its insurance liability from increasing . 
As a `` good-will measure , '' the pilots had been working four extra hours a month and had agreed to fly UAL 's two new Boeing 747-400 aircraft . 
The average 30-day simple yield slid to 8.22 % from 8.26 % , and the average 30-day compound yield fell to 8.56 % from 8.60 % . 
Matthew Lesko , something of a professional defender of government , thought he had a sure-fire winner last summer when he offered $ 5,000 for the best `` verifiable story of 250 words or less about how a government bureaucrat helped you . '' 
Sen. John Kerry ( D. , Mass . ) 
A spokesman for Dean Witter , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , declined to comment . 
However , those premiums are usually far smaller than on zero-coupon CDs , and the simpler pricing structure of a standard CD makes it more apparent when a premium is paid . 
Yields on money funds dropped in the week ended Tuesday , according to Donoghue 's Money Fund Report , a Holliston , Mass. , newsletter . 
Paribas said that once it receives the go-ahead from French stock market authorities , it will offer to boost its Navigation Mixte stake to 66.7 % from the current 18.7 % . 
CNBC is a joint venture of the National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , and Cablevision System Corp . 
A Generali spokesman declined to comment on Nuovo Banco 's rejection of the insurer 's offer . 
Phillips and Arco posted declines . 
Departing from its newspaper ads featuring prim sketches of a suit or a coat , Brooks Brothers is marketing an updated image in a new campaign that carries the slogan , `` The Surprise of Brooks Brothers . '' 
In a labor-intensive process , the seed companies cut off the tassels of each plant , making it male sterile . 
Several big mutual fund groups said last week that cash flows into stock funds were heavier than usual after heavy outflows on the 13th . 
On Oct. 5 , the company estimated after-tax effects on the year 's earnings would be `` at least '' $ 1.3 million . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 350 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 11 classes by Greenwich Capital Markets . 
Eastern , a unit of Texas Air Corp. , said it is examining the ruling to determine if it can appeal . 
The powerful Democrat had first wanted to add language relaxing environmental restrictions on two mills on the Hamakua coast that are threatening to close . 
Control Data , based in Minneapolis , Minn. , expects its sales of Mips systems , including the new RC6280 , to amount to more than $ 100 million by the end of 1991 , Mips said . 
And tough competition in the air-freight market is cutting into an important sideline . 
Lawmakers must decide next month whether the Contras will get so-called humanitarian aid under a bipartisan agreement reached in March . 
With a jazz-piano tape playing softly in the background , the soothing hands of Sabina Vidunas begin to work on Ms. Foster 's neck and shoulders . 
Nor was it intended to dictate a set of prescriptive solutions , although various points were raised . 
She lives in Oakland , a community hit hard by the earthquake . 
The purchases increased his stake to 16.2 % of the shares outstanding . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , MCA rose $ 1.50 to $ 64 . 
In other active shares , Trusthouse Forte shed 10 to 294 on volume of 6.4 million shares after a Barclays De Zoete Wedd downgrading , while Hillsdown Holdings , a food products concern , was boosted 2 to 271 after it disclosed it would seek shareholder approval to begin share repurchases . 
He later defended the Chinese government 's response during a separate visit to West Germany . 
One of the best movies about the child-parent thing in recent years was `` Raising Arizona , '' the 1987 Coen brothers ' comedy that definitely was not about the folks next door . 
It is evident that their conversation runs more or less on the following lines : `` I 've submitted the manuscript of my novel under the title ` Teresa de Cepeda , ' and in it I 've treated a few neglected aspects of that eternal problem which ... '' 
Then , to make these gardenettes quite literally rooms , Ms. Bartlett had thrown up windowless walls ( brick , lattice , hedge ) eight to 10 feet tall , casting her interiors into day-long Stygian shade . 
The underlying bill approved yesterday is required to keep the government operating past midnight tonight , and this urgency has contributed to the speed -- and , critics say , mistakes -- that have accompanied the package of disaster assistance . 
Indeed , his caution has become legendary within the government . 
The price was n't disclosed but one analyst estimated that it was $ 150 million . 
Currently , chips are produced by shining light through a mask to produce an image on the chip , much as a camera produces an image on film . 
Jay Marcus , president , said the move `` reflects the confidence of our board and management in Halsey 's long-term prospects and our desire to provide our shareholders with an attractive return on their investment . '' 
Reebok said Mr. LaBonte will resume the presidency of Vantage Group Inc. , a California-based venture capital firm that he founded in 1983 . 
The offer is in limbo , however , because LIN has agreed to merge its cellular-phone businesses with BellSouth Corp . 
Golden Nugget Inc. reported a third-quarter net loss of $ 13.1 million , or 76 cents a share , based on 17.2 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
Art dealers say that while auction houses occasionally guarantee the seller of a highly desirable work of art a minimum price , a financial commitment of this size is unprecedented . 
Revenue rose 7.6 % to $ 12.97 billion from $ 12.05 billion . 
But a few new spots are opening . 
The notes became burdensome when reset provisions allowed their interest rate to be raised to 19.25 % last June . 
Ms. Chung 's , however , is said to be the only network news program in history to employ casting directors . 
Bids totaling $ 415 million were submitted , and accepted bids were at 7.986 % . 
Total revenue is expected to double to more than $ 22 million from $ 10.8 million . 
Mr. Daremblum is a lawyer and a columnist for La Nacion newspaper . 
According to a trader at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , the hardest hit junk bonds were those issued by RJR Holdings Capital Corp. , which are the easiest to sell . 
But despite more than two years of research showing AZT can relieve dementia and other symptoms in children , the drug still lacks federal approval for use in the youngest patients . 
On the comeback , Ms. Del Signore unloaded shares she has been aiming to get rid of . 
In an interview with reporters and editors of The Wall Street Journal , Mr. Dinkins appears quite confident of victory and of his ability to handle the mayoralty . 
In the nine months , the company 's net income was $ 21.5 million , or $ 1.88 a share , compared with a year-earlier loss of $ 97.8 million , or $ 8.96 a share . 
`` It does n't take a rocket scientist to figure out our problem , '' says Kathryn McGrath , director of the SEC 's division of investment management . 
Those hearings also highlighted how Gen. Noriega was able to use his relationships with these agencies to delay U.S. action against him , and to exploit the administration 's obsession with overthrowing the Sandinistas to protect his own drug-dealing . 
A few months ago your paper reported the results of a study to determine why Asians who arrive in this country without any money , and unable to speak English , become overnight successes . 
The House approved an $ 837 million aid package for Poland and Hungary , nearly double what Bush had requested . 
That is n't all . 
It also holds nearly 40,000 acres of raw land with development potential , but under a previously announced strategy , the company has targeted building on 5,400 acres in California , Arizona and the Chicago area . 
The Confederation of British Industry 's latest survey shows that business executives expect a pronounced slowdown , largely because of a 16-month series of interest-rate increases that has raised banks ' base lending rates to 15 % . 
A pickup truck driven by a white farmer rumbles past with a load of black workers bouncing in the back . 
The exchange was all the more remarkable in that authorities released television footage to Western news agencies . 
Profit margins at company-owned McDonald 's outlets in the U.S. `` are holding up quite nicely , '' says Mr. Greenberg . 
`` But they did n't have to choose this particular moment . '' 
Biking groups in Montana , Idaho , Michigan and Massachusetts have won similar concessions , says Tim Blumenthal , mountain bike editor of Bicycling magazine . 
In the meantime , the agency must raise cash to maintain assets , such as real estate , until they can be sold . 
Call it disaster marketing . 
Time executives such as the company 's president , N.J . Nicholas , who will eventually be co-chief executive of Time Warner alongside Mr. Ross , have no personal relationships or ego at stake in the fight over the Guber-Peters duo , and were never directly drawn into the fray . 
The firms will be registered under Japanese law as foreign legal consultants and their practice with Japanese clients will be limited to advising them on matters of foreign law . 
`` In both games I got exactly what I wanted , '' he said . 
His campaign was caught flat-footed amid allegations it paid almost $ 10,000 for what it said was a `` get-out-the-vote '' effort by black activist Sonny Carson , a convicted kidnapper who later said publicly that he is `` anti-white . '' 
Individuals familiar with Mobil 's strategy say that Mobil is reducing its U.S. work force because of declining U.S. output . 
`` Whenever corporate profits are weak that means capital spending is going to soften subsequently , '' Mr. Harris said . 
In addition , Lionel began a lawsuit in federal District Court in New York seeking to enjoin the offer , alleging , among other things , violations of federal securities law and fraudulent manipulation of the market for Lionel 's securities . 
The two sides also traded accusations about the cost of the Packwood plan . 
And even without deals , Mr. Connolly figures the market would remain healthy . 
Hees and Canadian Express executives could n't be reached for comment . 
That Labor Day , in his first major act after succeeding the resigned Richard Nixon as president , Gerald R. Ford signed the Employee Retirement Income Security Act . 
Hutton Ingram will have a general corporate , securities , real-estate and litigation practice , and a substantial practice serving the professional-design community . 
The answer lies both in the degraded environment of these countries and the perceived causes of that degradation . 
A good half-hour into breakfast at the Palmer House , Mr. O'Brien looks up from his plate after Mr. Straszheim says something about people who believe interest rates are about to nosedive . 
But when the dollar rises against major foreign currencies , as it did for much of this year , the dollar value of these funds declines . 
But they need not be to do their jobs well . 
In recent years , Nissan has instituted flex-time work schedules and allowed employees to dress casually , even in blue jeans . 
The 486 is the descendant of a long series of Intel chips that began dominating the market ever since IBM picked the 16-bit 8088 chip for its first personal computer . 
He was Mr. Hoffman in a 1979 Los Angeles production of a play called `` The Chicago Conspiracy Trial . '' 
True , Prince Sihanouk backs the idea of such a coalition , at least for this week . 
It is difficult , however , to justify civil disobedience , non-violent or not , where citizens have full recourse to the ballot box to effect change . 
What the Big Board is considering is re-establishing a `` collar '' on program trading when the market moves significantly . 
WASHINGTON LIES LOW after the stock market 's roller-coaster ride . 
Mr. Roman also brushed aside reports about infighting between him and Mr. Phillips , his successor at Ogilvy . 
So far , no ally has complained openly , preserving the impression that NATO is in line with the Bush position that a quick agreement bringing Soviet conventional forces down to parity with NATO is the West 's top bargaining priority . 
Stock-market fears and relatively more attractive interest rates pushed money-market mutual fund assets up $ 6.07 billion in the latest week , the sharpest increase in almost two years . 
Looking ahead to 1990 , Mr. Sculley predicted `` another year of significant revenue growth , '' along with improved profitability , as the recovery in gross margins continues into 1990 . 
Why , when a key witness disappears , does Mancuso trash her apartment , tearing down drapes , smashing walls ? 
A Continental spokeswoman said the notes may be offered at a later date . 
Merrill Lynch and Prudential-Bache Securities both lowered the stock 's investment rating immediately after the results were issued Friday , according to PIR . 
But Mrs. Boehm did n't mention any of them . 
I was driving my truck , stopped at a red light at the corner of Shattuck and Alcatraz at the Oakland-Berkeley border when it hit . 
`` We need to get the kids away from the criminals into a less traumatic environment , '' says Mr. Edelman . 
Merrill 's index arbitragers will continue to do other kinds of computer-assisted program trading , so there probably wo n't be any layoffs at the firm , people familiar with Merrill 's program operation said . 
He left a message accusing Mr. Darman of selling out . 
At age 65 , when I 'd stop paying premiums , the Ameritas offering would have a projected cash value $ 14,000 higher than the other , even though the Equitable 's policy illustration assumed a fractionally higher interest rate . 
B.A.T Industries may delay part of its defensive restructuring plan , including the sale of its Saks Fifth Avenue and Marshall Field units . 
`` This means Nestle is now in the candybar business in a big way , '' said Lisbeth Echeandia , publisher of Orlando , Fla.-based Confectioner Magazine . 
Instead , they are working to transform Banco Exterior into an efficient bank by the end of 1992 . 
The film makers have couched this offensive idea in pretty packaging . 
The debt ceiling is scheduled to fall to $ 2.8 trillion from $ 2.87 trillion at midnight tonight . 
`` But the marketplace changed . 
The 1986 Tax Reform Act has nearly eliminated the number of large , profitable corporations that do n't pay federal income tax , according to Citizens for Tax Justice , a nonprofit , labor-funded research and lobbying group . 
State governments place very low ceilings on how much property people may own or how much income they may keep if they want welfare help on medical bills . 
Mr. Anderson wants the prestige colleges to sponsor such a plan . 
Inco shares fell after the announcements . 
Weisfield 's , based in Seattle , Wash. , currently operates 87 specialty jewelry stores in nine states . 
U.S. Memories investors include Advanced Micro Devices Inc. , Digital Equipment Corp. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , International Business Machines Corp. , Intel Corp. , LSI Logic Corp. , and National Semiconductor Corp . 
From its high point on Thursday , Oct. 12 , to where it traded late in New York a week later , the dollar fell 3.6 % against the West German mark , 3.4 % against the British pound and 2.1 % against the Japanese yen . 
The characters will also be featured in a new public service effort for the United Way . 
It 's an activity she feels she can do for life , and by pulling a golf cart , she still gets a good workout . 
By September , a new Reinforced Motorized Rifle Brigade with an additional 300 combat vehicles , 1,000 more trucks and 10,000 Soviet-trained Afghan troops had arrived in Kandahar . 
But since then U.S. oil production has declined and Mobil wants to focus its oil-finding efforts overseas . 
Ray Garrett Jr. , SEC chairman , said the `` breadth and depth of the discounting is more than I expected . '' 
Hearings on Axa 's acquisition application have been set for Nov. 13 in Idaho ; Nov. 20 in Illinois ; Nov. 24 and Dec. 4 in Arizona ; Dec. 11 in Washington state ; and Jan. 8 in Oregon . 
The time is Pacific Daylight Time , and the initials or nicknames are those subscribers use to identify themselves . 
Paribas is Allianz 's lead French bank . 
Ads for England are artsy and irreverent . 
There are times when she must show a little emotion . 
The MMI is a 20-stock index that mimics the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Defense contractors `` can not continue to get contracts on that basis , '' said Howard Rubel , an analyst with C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc. in New York . 
Aussedat Rey 's move follows similar technology-licensing agreements between Japanese producers of thermal paper and European paper groups . 
But it appears to be the sort of hold one makes while heading for the door . 
Mr. Lewis said the company marked price tags and advertised at its `` lowest possible prices '' for all its merchandise to reduce public confusion . 
Sotheby 's provided the Dorrance family a guarantee of at least $ 100 million , and as much as $ 120 million , to obtain the collection , people familiar with the transaction said , thus taking a greater than usual financial interest in the property to be sold . 
That is n't the $ 40 that delighted producers a decade ago or the $ 10 that pleased users a year ago . 
Florida and Wyoming have backed up their guarantees with the full faith and credit of the state governments , meaning that taxpayers will pick up any slack . 
He said Westmoreland is looking at investment stakes in other cogeneration plants east of the Mississippi River . 
Soybean and corn futures prices moved higher on the strength of buying from commodity pool managers trying to profit from technical price trends , as well as continued export strength . 
The Free French wore black arm bands , and when she sang `` J'ai deux amours '' they wept . 
Marshall 's ghost is satisfied for now , but he 'll be back . 
Guardian Royal Exchange Assurance PLC , a major British composite insurer , said it is taking a stake in Nationwide Anglia Building Society 's estate agency business as part of a plan to create a range of commercial linkages in the U.K. and Europe . 
I do n't know if this would have happened somewhere else . '' 
The shipments went mostly to food-service distributors that supply pizzerias and restaurants . 
Stock prices fell sharply in active trading . 
The noncallable issue was priced at a spread of 170 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
For the nine months , Rohm & Haas net totaled $ 155 million , or $ 2.33 a share , down 17 % from $ 187.8 million , or $ 2.82 a share , a year ago . 
`` People my age thought it was n't going to be an issue . 
Wall Street has n't gotten that far yet , but it has made a promising start . 
The stock was one of many in the paper products industry that rose following Georgia-Pacific 's $ 3.18 billion bid for Great Northern Nekoosa . 
But there are plenty of other promising prospects at Lake View , promoters believe : Ernest Ball , for instance , who wrote `` When Irish Eyes are Smiling , '' and Garrett Morgan , the inventor of the gas mask and the tri-colored traffic light . 
Not only could the Wall Street gyrations damp Christmas sales if consumers lose confidence in the economy , but potential junk-bond buyers are sure to demand even stronger covenants and greater management equity participation . 
They , or at least something less efficient than today 's thin-walled units , may soon be making a comeback . 
Those with a bullish view see the dollar trading up near 1.9000 marks and 145 yen , while the dollar bears see the U.S. currency trading around 1.7600 marks and 138 yen . 
Among the suggestions : Pantyhose and men 's ties could be used for slings , while removable wooden shelves might aid in `` breaking through office walls . '' 
In a statement , Genetics Institute said the dispute with Boehringer centers on questions of the usability of certain batches of EPO material valued at $ 13.6 million . 
`` Allowing the EPA to condone continued use of a chemical whenever the benefits outweigh the risks is absolutely anathema to the environmental community . '' 
He was sentenced to 500 hours of community service and restitution to the museum of $ 45,000 . 
Still , some sectors found buying interest after being actively sold in recent weeks . 
The construction equipment maker said third-quarter profit fell to $ 108 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 190 million , or $ 1.87 a share , a year earlier . 
The estimates of real gross national product prepared by the Bureau of Economic Analysis in the Department of Commerce significantly understate the rate of economic growth . 
After the transaction , current common unitholders will own about 21.3 % of Edisto , current acquisition preferred holders will own 72.3 % , and current stockholders of Edisto will own about 6.4 % , about the same stake as Edisto owns now in NRM . 
`` Lion Nathan has a concluded contract with Bond and Bell Resources , '' said Douglas Myers , chief executive of Lion Nathan . 
Holding the dam on taxes is the most important task of the Bush presidency . 
Dealers said the turnover , largely confined to the 100-share index stocks , partly reflected the flurry of activity typical at the close of a two-week trading account and the start of a new account . 
CONTROL DATA Corp. said it is offering to purchase the $ 154.2 million amount of its 12 3\/4 % senior notes due June 15 , 1991 , at par , plus accrued interest to the Dec. 8 purchase date . 
`` The market is concerned about its ability to underwrite all this debt at current levels . '' 
Mr. Fournier said the large institutions that hold nearly 50 % of Navigation Mixte 's capital all strongly support him , but some analysts said they are n't so sure . 
Asked why so few nations seem to share his views of America , he said , `` Many people see it that way . 
The features will focus on `` parenting , family health and nutrition , and financial management , '' and will carry 30 seconds of advertising . 
Instead , Mr. Beach says , investors `` probably should be carrying a very high level of cash , '' by which he means such so-called cash equivalents as money-market funds and Treasury bills . 
In the best of times , the Bay Bridge is the worst commute in the region , often experiencing back-ups of 20 to 30 minutes or more . 
Richard Avena , executive director of the Texas Civil Liberties Union , called the proposal `` political gimmickry , '' and said it fails to recognize the drug problem as a health issue . 
When only civil liability is involved , this method has the undeniable strengths of factual specificity and avoidance of overgeneralization . 
Roughly one-third of its stock is believed held by takeover stock traders , who could vote to oust the board if they become impatient . 
A Food and Drug Administration advisory panel has asked that Medstone perform more studies on its device to treat gallstones . 
Under the new terms , New World will still pay $ 540 million for Ramada 's hotel business , subject to adjustment at closing , but Ramada will now reimburse New World for $ 10 million in expenses . 
The most important development in Mr. Gorbachev 's policy for marginalizing the opposition movement is the claim that the U.S.S.R. also suffers from terrorism . 
Someday , viewers may also choose different depths of news coverage . 
Mochida advanced 40 to 4,440 . 
Mr. Morishita is a leading figure among Japan 's 38,000 `` machikin , '' which lend to small companies , and `` sarakin , '' which lend to individuals . 
The producers , he says , did a good job of depicting someone `` who had done so much , but who was also a manic-depressive . 
The consumer agency also disputed Newmark & Lewis 's continuing strategy of advertising `` new lower prices '' when allgedly there have n't been price reductions since June 1 . 
The defense also learned that college-educated people were uncharacteristically conservative about the Vietnam War . 
Flexible Portfolio Funds 
Cotton Inc . Campaign 
Mitsui & Co. said it started a joint venture with Dae Woong Chemical Co. , a major pharmaceutical manufacturer in South Korea , to manufacture antibiotic medicines . 
`` They said they wanted to show me how serious they were , '' he says . 
A Bank of New York spokesman in Manhattan , Owen Brady , said , `` That 's the maximum , outside figure . 
Southwestern Bell Corp. and Cincinnati Bell posted slight declines . 
Chicago has the largest population of citizens of Polish heritage in any city outside Poland . 
The company said it will move the storage and cross-blending operations to a site 23 miles northeast of Las Vegas to distance the operations from residential areas . 
In addition to insurance and finance , ITT has interests in electronic parts , defense technology , automotive parts , fluid technology , pulp and timber , and communications and information services . 
His efforts earned a gold medal at a national exhibition -- and attracted renewed attention from local authorities . 
Shareholders ' funds as of July 31 were estimated at more than A$ 1 billion , Mr. Skase said , compared with A$ 725 million a year earlier . 
The luxury airline and casino company , 98.6%-owned by investor Kirk Kerkorian and his Tracinda Corp. , earlier this month announced its agreements to acquire the properties , but did n't disclose the purchase price . 
Big indexer Bankers Trust Co. also uses futures in a strategy that on average has added one percentage point to its enhanced fund 's returns . 
The consortium faced a setback in May when technical problems forced it to postpone the September launch until next spring . 
The naming of FCB\/Leber Katz Partners as agency of record for Nabisco Brands Inc. and Planters LifeSavers Co. follows RJR Nabisco 's announcement last week that it will disband its RJR Nabisco Broadcast division and dismiss its 14 employees Dec. 1. to cut costs . 
Jeffrey Schaefer , the SIA 's research director , says that all of his group 's retail-volume statistics could be overstated by as much as five percentage points because corporate buy-backs are sometimes inadvertently included in Big Board data . 
He told the woman 's lawyer , Victor Blaine , that the short skirt was inappropriate for a court appearance . 
Sales of electric appliances were flat , and sales of electronic equipment declined slightly . 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 142.55 yen , unchanged from Tuesday 's Tokyo close . 
Peeking Inside Arteries From Outside the Body 
Ford 's latest move increases the pressure on GM to complete its current talks with Jaguar quickly . 
Insisting on a 24.5 % share of any ceiling , Saudi officials have long pressed for the pro rata distribution of increases to all members . 
And the stock market 's recent gyrations are a painful reminder of the dangers there . 
On almost every other farm in South Africa , black workers do the repairs . 
Simulated golf games , in which players hit golf balls into nets , have been installed at airports in Denver and Pittsburgh ... . 
Mr. Canelo thinks the market will probably go higher , but `` will be ruthless with stocks if the earnings are n't there . '' 
In addition , specialists on the exchanges agreed to provide backup capital for market-making in Pacific exchange options traded on the exchanges . 
Judge Kozinski found the derivation entirely strained and writes that `` for an academic to refer to himself as an intellectual gigolo is ... a devastating admission of professional dishonesty . '' 
Dollar : 142.85 yen , up 0.95 ; 1.8415 marks , up 0.0075 . 
The sudden influx of liquidity enabled several traders to reap six-figure windfalls in a matter of minutes as prices soared , traders said . 
The index gained 99.14 points Monday . 
Sales increased 11.9 % to 279.39 billion yen from 249.68 billion yen . 
`` I 'm too old to waste a weekend , but that 's what I did , '' the 48-year-old Mr. Juliano moans . 
Birmingham Steel Corp. said that its Emeryville , Calif. , minimill sustained only minor damage from last week 's earthquake . 
MiniScribe has said that its financial results for the past three fiscal years would have to be restated because of the allegedly fraudulent accounting and marketing practices that inflated revenues and net income . 
All of the former board 's members were CPAs , provoking conflict-of-interest criticism because they were writing rules while handling clients ' books at the same time . 
The account billed almost $ 60 million last year , according to Leading National Advertisers . 
Continentals are unable to be butlers because they are as a breed incapable of the emotional restraint which only the English race are capable of . '' 
Meanwhile , new issuance was slow . 
National Environmental , formerly Yankee Cos. , is a sludge treatment company . 
But he has opposed Medicaid funding of abortions for poor women who say they are victims of rape and incest , arguing that those exceptions are enforced so loosely that they open the way for abortions for other women . 
We just do n't have that kind of income stream . '' 
Nothing , I assumed , would be more hopelessly dated than a political satire on the Iran-Contra affair . 
Drexel agreed to plead guilty to six felony counts and pay $ 650 million , of which $ 350 million was set aside for shareholders and other plaintiffs , including the limited partners , who claim they were injured by Drexel . 
`` It 's now selling at a multiple about even with the market , '' says Mr. Douglas . 
He tried management consulting , traded in turquoise for a while , and even managed professional wrestlers . 
Yields for tax-exempt bonds range from 6 1\/2 % in 1990 to 7.88 % in 2003-2005 . 
He is also trying to get more stations in Mexico , where the Cowboys have a following , to pick up the games . 
It said it expects full-year net of 16 billion yen , compared with 15 billion yen in the latest year . 
Consumer spending in Britain rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago , the Central Statistical Office estimated Friday . 
Only 4 % of Missouri small businesses surveyed say they 've tested an employee or applicant for drug or alcohol use ... . 
`` Last year , there were only several big investors who were interested , '' says Kinji Kato , a vice president at the international arm of Nomura Securities Co . 
Recently , the boards of both the parent company and the thrift also voted to suspend dividends on preferred shares of both companies and convert all preferred into common shares . 
Distribution centers are bombed , and advertisers are intimidated . 
The agreement is subject to certain conditions , including obtaining financing . 
Mr Pyszkiewicz smiles and his brow furrows . 
That 's not character . 
A ministry official said the growth leads to the conclusion the adverse effects of a consumption tax introduced in April have diminished . 
The 13-week bills mature Jan. 25 , 1990 , and the 26-week bills mature April 26 , 1990 . 
Service appeared to be down throughout the financial district in downtown San Francisco , while just parts of Oakland and San Jose were knocked out . 
Mr. Oriani said the heat bursts were too large and too long to be explained by the sudden release of energy that might have slowly accumulated during the experiments ' quiescent times , as some scientists have suggested . 
Under the proposal , Delmed would issue about 123.5 million additional Delmed common shares to Fresenius at an average price of about 65 cents a share , though under no circumstances more than 75 cents a share . 
Who 'd have thought that the next group of tough guys carrying around reputations like that would be school superintendents ? 
Meanwhile , several new issues were priced . 
Len Kessler , a financial publicist in New York , sometimes uses it to get the attention of journalists who try to avoid him . 
Scott Miller , an FASB project manager , said that a final rule will be issued before year end . 
A former chairman of the president 's Council of Economic Advisers , Mr. Stein is an American Enterprise Institute fellow . 
Bikers -- many of them ardent environmentalists -- proclaim their sport an efficient , safe , fitness-promoting way to get back to nature , while asserting a right , as taxpayers , to pedal on public lands . 
The account had previously been handled by Saatchi & Saatchi Wegener , New York . 
Recognition also said it obtained a commitment from Chemical Bank and Bank of Boston to convert an estimated $ 18 million in bank debt to a new , 24-month secured term loan to be repaid through the sale of certain assets . 
I 'm not certain . 
Georgia-Pacific 's Mr. Hahn said that a combined operation would allow savings in many ways . 
It 's not so much the idea of acquisitions that has agitated the cosmetics industry as the companies doing the acquiring : P&G and Unilever bring with them great experience with mundane products like soap and toilet paper , sparking disdain in the glitzy cosmetics trade ; but they also bring mammoth marketing clout , sparking fear . 
Tuesday , October 24 , 1989 
At the other end of the spectrum , West German inflation was forecast at 3 % in 1989 and 2.75 % in 1990 . 
-- Chemical named James Kennedy , a trader in swaps contracts for the bank , to assume Mr. Edelson 's duties and to be trading manager for derivative products , including swaps and interest-rate options . 
Old Stone fell 1 5\/8 to 13 1\/2 . 
-- Edward F. Dempsey . 
Caltrans reinforced the highway in 1977 as part of a $ 55 million statewide project , using steel cables to tie the decks of the freeway to the columns and prevent the structure from swaying in a quake . 
Goodson said David Carr , former president of Ingersoll Publications , and Ray Cockburn , former senior vice president , would head the new in-house management team at Goodson , which had revenue of $ 225 million in 1988 . 
Since founding the company , the charismatic Vietnam vet , who is still only 46 years old , has fostered an ethos of combat . 
Once triggered , the rights allow holders to buy additional shares at 50 % of the then current market price or , at the board 's discretion , to receive securities or assets . 
The figures , due for release Friday , are expected to show an uptick in inflation to 4.8 % from 4.7 % in August . 
The redemption price will be 109.66 % of the principal amount of the bonds , plus accrued interest to the date of redemption . 
The latest period includes 14 months instead of 12 because Bear Stearns changed to a fiscal year ending in June instead of April . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
The December 1989 contract , which has the greatest trading volume , ended at $ 371.20 an ounce . 
Continental Airlines -- 
Fed funds is the rate banks charge each other on overnight loans ; the Fed influences the rate by adding or draining reserves from the banking system . 
Mr. Skase said most of the money went to other parties for expenses such as rent and travel , but a smaller portion is owed to senior executives and others for management services . 
Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % , 13 weeks ; 7.50 % , 26 weeks . 
While volatility wo n't go away , he said , `` Volatility is greater than program trading . 
`` They 're out there promoting like crazy , trying to get prices up by promotion , '' said Roy Burry , an analyst with Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
Major Battle himself speaks in pure Pentagonese : `` Without further monetary-stroke-military aid , scores of Ambiguan freedom lovers , who had gone way out on their life and limbs for us , were literally cut off at the knees without a paddle . '' 
The third part , consisting of $ 18.5 million of 12 1\/8 % secured equipment certificates due April 15 , 1996 , was priced at 85.60 with a yield to maturity of 15.75 % . 
In appealing to those with a bit of larceny in their hearts , the fraud artist can insist that a person keep an investment secret -- insulating himself from being discovered and keeping his victim from consulting with others . 
But now Westinghouse is enjoying a resurgence in demand for both steam and combustion turbines and may even join the growing legion of independent electric producers . 
-- Speed up the process for removing a pesticide that is n't an imminent hazard . 
The Roth plan would create a new , non-deductible IRA from which money could be withdrawn tax-free not only for retirement , but also for the purchase of a first home and to pay education and medical expenses . 
To combat that problem , National Geographic , like other magazines , began offering regional editions allowing advertisers to appear in only a portion of its magazines -- for example , ads can run only in the magazines sent to subscribers in the largest 25 markets . 
`` You ca n't give it up that easily , '' he says . 
Such an offer could torpedo a plan by Lion Nathan Ltd. of New Zealand to acquire half the brewing interests . 
While one big SCI TV investor thinks that 's pretty generous , many junkholders had been hoping that KKR and Mr. Gillett would invest new money in SCI TV . 
The Patterson group , which controls about 42 % of Rally 's shares , also may seek control . 
Excluding Mexico , reserves equal 95 % of LDC exposure . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 18 , 1989 and Wednesday October 11 , 1989 . 
`` There was a difference of opinion as to the future direction of the company , '' a spokeswoman said . 
Attacks on inflation come with another strategy of capital of a very traditional sort : an assault on wages . 
Jaguar 's own defenses against a hostile bid are weakened , analysts add , because fewer than 3 % of its shares are owned by employees and management . 
And some movies seem to have been hurt by their inattention . 
A Salomon spokesman said its stock , bond and foreign exchange trading , as well as its investment banking operations , were mostly responsible for the earnings jump . 
Moscom Corp. said its board approved the repurchase of as many as 300,000 common shares when market conditions are suitable . 
The report says that `` the restructuring will take place over a two-year period and will principally involve the transfer and termination of employees in our U.S. operations . '' 
Somewhere , the son sighs , things went terribly wrong with apartheid ; today , whites even rely on blacks to police their separation . 
But the computer-guided selling in response to those developments dealt a serious blow to the over-the-counter market , Mr. DaPuzzo said . 
The predicament , he added , was similar to the Hong Kong 1982-83 property-price collapse , which exposed the involvement of Bank Bumiputra 's former subsidiary in the colony in the largest banking scandal in Malaysia 's history . 
The company said its acquisition of Ross Catherall will be covered largely by cash raised in its July disposal of Howson-Algraphy for # 241.7 million . 
His characters practically scamper through a vast range of human emotions , like travelers doing 10 cities in eight days . 
Net fell to $ 40.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share , from $ 60.7 million , or $ 2.32 a share , a year earlier . 
And investors , at least for now , took a pass . 
The economic loss , jobs lost , anguish , frustration and humiliation are beyond measure . 
In 1976 , as an upstart in the eyes of Switzerland 's establishment , Mr. Rey laid the foundations of his present-day prominence with an unheard-of raid on Bally , the country 's traditional shoemaker . 
The new date means that the tax will be officially repealed before the end of the current parliamentary term at the end of 1990 and guarantees its abolition even if the current center-right coalition loses the elections in December 1990 . 
Because they want a truck that is `` Texas tough , '' the commercial concludes , `` Texans drive Chevy . '' 
But when they discover that markets are n't always as liquid as they supposed -- markets jump . 
International Business Machines dropped 7\/8 to 99 7\/8 . 
I trusted in his lordship 's wisdom ... . 
For Warner , meanwhile , it gives the company a second young partner with a finger on the pulse of the hottest trends in the music business . 
Days later , the thieves returned and dug out more , this time adding insult to injury . 
What 's in a name ? 
ShowBiz Pizza Time gained 1 1\/2 to 13 . 
The irony in this novel is that neither man represents a `` safe '' middle-class haven : Nora 's decision is between emotional excitement and emotional security , with no firm economic base anywhere . 
Fluor Corp. said it was awarded a $ 300 million contract to provide engineering and construction-management services at a copper mine in Irian Jaya , Indonesia , for a unit of Freeport-McMoRan Copper Co . 
McCormick Capital Inc. said the final proration factor was 0.628394 on its oversubscribed , $ 3-a-share tender offer to buy back as many as 1.1 million of its common shares . 
While they are n't backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S. government , as Treasury bonds are , it is widely assumed that the government would support them if necessary . 
The latest government figures said retail prices in September were up 7.6 % from a year earlier . 
Either copy can make the proteins needed to control cell growth , so for cancer to arise , both copies must be impaired . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 369.10 an ounce , down $ 1.10 . 
The 30-share index ended 12.6 points higher at 1751.9 . 
Many at Lloyd 's expect the San Francisco earthquake will cause the industry to boost rates even further . 
The treatment turned Trelleborg into one of Scandinavia 's biggest and fastest-growing industrial concerns . 
Mr. Eisenberg was senior executive vice president and chief operating officer . 
`` Some of us wondered how our intelligence people could put so much stock in his information when he was just as close to the Cubans . '' 
In earlier years it may have seemed reasonable to give Richmond , Va. , a bank and allow Los Angeles only a branch of the San Francisco bank , but times have changed . 
And CBS takes in the least money in prime time ; ABC and NBC charge 30 % to 35 % more for ads , according to a Variety survey . 
Berlin 's Villa Grisebach will auction art works with pre-sale estimates of less than $ 1,600 on Nov. 25 . 
With the touch of a button , drivers can choose from lavender , jasmine , mint or perfume scents , all blown in through the car 's air-conditioning system . 
The New Zealand bond issue simply has brought the two institutions face-to-face . 
The split will raise the number of shares outstanding to about 10.2 million . 
Baxter International Inc. , citing cost-cutting moves and increased sales of its home-care products and dialysis treatments , posted a 20 % rise in third-quarter net income on a 5.9 % sales boost . 
Both Colgate and Procter & Gamble have received big orders for toothpaste , soap and detergents . 
But Mrs. Park acknowledges that even if the policies work to slow or stop speculation , apartment prices are unlikely to go down . 
The telephone network simply could n't handle the large number of people seeking to make a call at the same time . 
The company , Mr. Renzas said , has n't yet determined what to do . 
The increase of $ 1.25 a share is being made to settle shareholder litigation relating to SIBV-MS 's tender offer . 
The recession , that is . 
When the size of the Refcorp offering was announced last week and when-issued trading activity began , the bailout bonds were yielding about 1\/20 percentage point more than the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond . 
The latest period includes net gains of $ 32 million in non-recurring credits from the sale of properties , indicating operating losses for the quarter in the oil and gas division . 
Otherwise , the scene remained Celimene 's house in 1666 . 
He is ogling the curtains rippling above the ventilation ducts . 
Commodore has seemed to be setting the stage recently for progress in the U.S. , where its personal-computer sales have been so dismal for years that Commodore is close to dropping off research firms ' market-share charts . 
Many modern scriptwriters seem to be incapable of writing drama , or anything else , without foul-mouthed cursing . 
Telxon Corp. said its vice president for manufacturing resigned and its Houston work force has been trimmed by 40 people , or about 15 % . 
Computer Associates International Inc. reported earnings for the second quarter , ended Sept. 30 , plummeted 66 % , primarily because of the acquisition of Cullinet Software Inc . 
Since then , UAL stock has fallen 33 % in what may rank as the largest collapse of a takeover stock ever . 
That would help reduce Santa Fe Pacific 's remaining debt to about $ 600 million from a high of $ 3.7 billion in early 1988 . 
e - Estimated . 
Congress never fully trusted former CIA chief William Casey and National Security Adviser John Poindexter to honor the ban . 
Sixty thousand surfers atop a concrete wall , waiting for the wipeout . 
Trading was light on the Pacific Stock Exchange yesterday , with workers at the exchange 's main floor in San Francisco struggling to execute orders by flashlight as a result of a continuing power outage . 
Though the play clearly is framed around the events of Iran-Contra , it takes in the wide sweep of scandals over the past 30 years . 
In addition , Courtaulds said the moves are logical because they will allow both the chemicals and textile businesses to focus more closely on core activities . 
Many couples `` are like ships passing in the night , '' a communications gulf that sparks problems on the job and at home , says psychologist Harry Levinson . 
It takes one person 's account and gives it authenticity . '' 
Friday 's plunge , he is telling PaineWebber brokers , was nothing more than a `` tremendous reaction to leveraged buy-out stocks . '' 
The fund , with a cash cushion of more than 10 % , has `` met all the redemptions without having to sell one thing , '' Mr. Litvack says . 
However , Bear Stearns has never had an unprofitable year since its founding 65 years ago . 
Of his successes in Washington , Mr. Bennett stressed that existing federal prisons have taken custody of 375 local inmates . 
Mr. Baker drives a 1987 Chevy and usually wears a tweed jacket on his ghostbusting forays . 
Chinese leader Deng told former President Nixon that the U.S. was deeply involved in `` the turmoil and counterrevolutionary rebellion '' that gripped Beijing last spring . 
The company said the holders represent 52 % of the face amount of the debentures . 
Revenue rose to $ 372.1 million from $ 336.4 million . 
A unified system of taxation should be introduced rapidly . 
Beech Aircraft Corp. , a unit of Raytheon Co. , received an $ 11.5 million Air Force contract for C-12 aircraft support . 
The Hindu newspaper publishes the withheld portion of the Swedish National Audit Bureau 's report . 
The notes will have a principal amount of $ 300 million at maturity . 
Nobody should have to live in such poor conditions as in `` Sugar Ditch , '' but when you travel to Washington , Boston , Chicago or New York , the same problems exist . 
David M. Carroll 
It is the seed 's colorlessness and size -- 1,000 of them weigh only 1.5 grams , or about as much as two paper clips -- that explain the historical allusions to fleas . 
Thus , you do the public a great disservice when Mr. Greve suggests , even facetiously , that the Clean Water Act prohibits the preparation of a scotch and water ; your tippling readers may be led to believe that nothing but chance or oversight protects them , as they cower in the night with their scotch and waters , from the hairyknuckled knock of the Sierra Club at their doors . 
`` What you 're going to get is ` We do n't want to put all of our eggs in one basket ' theory , '' said James H. Renzas , president of Location Management Services Inc. , a Palo Alto , Calif. , relocation concern . 
The European Community Commission increased its forecast for economic growth in the EC in 1989 to 3.5 % , slightly higher than its June projection of 3.25 % . 
The opening show featured a secretary of defense designate accused of womanizing ( a la John Tower ) . 
New York Times Co. said net income rose in the third quarter because of a one-time gain on the sale of the company 's cable-TV system . 
In the nine months , GM Hughes net fell 6.6 % to $ 486.6 million , or $ 1.48 a share , from $ 521 million , or $ 1.58 a share . 
U.S. holdings of IMF special drawing rights last month rose $ 247 million , to $ 9.49 billion , and its reserve position at the IMF increased $ 142 million , to $ 8.79 billion . 
There are also about $ 124 million of 6 1\/2 % bonds priced to yield 7.25 % in 2012 ; about $ 97 million of 6 % bonds priced to yield 7.20 % in 2014 ; and about $ 26.5 million of 5 % bonds priced to yield 7.15 % in 2016 . 
Traders who had sold contracts earlier , in hopes of buying them back at lower prices , yesterday were buying contracts back at higher prices to limit their losses . 
To build a nest egg that would pay for Stanford when a current first-grader reaches college age , parents would need to set aside $ 773.94 a month -- for 12 years . 
U.K. money supply figures for September , released yesterday , showed continued growth in corporate and personal lending , which will keep pressure on the government to maintain tight credit . 
Then , if the stocks fell sharply , he planned to begin buying them aggressively , on the theory that the companies that insure against property damage and accidents will have to raise rates eventually to compensate for the claims they will pay to earthquake victims and victims of last month 's Hurricane Hugo . 
After expanding rapidly during the bull-market years up to the 1987 crash , retail brokerage operations these days are getting barely enough business to pay the overhead . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Holiday said operating income related to gaming increased 4.5 % to a record $ 61.4 million from $ 58.8 million a year earlier . 
`` My own personal opinion is that Don threw in the towel just about the time he should have doubled his bet , '' he says . 
The supply of experienced civil engineers , though , is tighter . 
$ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities is being offered in 11 classes by a Morgan Stanley group . 
The unprecedented transfer of accounts underscored the options industry 's desire not to have its credibility tarnished by potentially widespread trading defaults on Monday . 
But the Warner executives in their affidavits deny ever telling the producers they could get out of their written contract . 
In Frankfurt , which only has a two-hour daily stock-trading session even in the best of times , stocks did n't open for the first 45 minutes because of order imbalances that brokers blame on a wave of sell orders from small investors . 
Yesterday 's sell-off and rebound was a powerful reminder that 11 days after the 190-point plunge on Friday the 13th , the stock market still has a bad case of nerves . 
As many economists and businessmen see it , those incongruities underscore a paradox that seems likely to bedevil the economy throughout the 1990s . 
Net was aided by a lower income tax rate . 
`` He is going to pursue other interests , '' Mr. Jahn said . 
It also said projections of surging U.S. demand for natural gas and price forecasts of C$ 5.25 per thousand cubic feet by 2005 would make the project economically viable . 
The specialists , a trader said , were `` livid '' about Mr. Phelan 's recent remarks that sophisticated computer-driven trading strategies are `` here to stay . '' 
John Wetherell , a Lloyd 's underwriter , says he and his fellow underwriters underestimated by as much as 50 % the premiums they should have charged for property risks from 1980 to 1985 . 
Now a startling new approach is available to building your financial portfolio without undue risk , without extensive planning and without hurting your life style one bit ! 
TV GUIDE : 
Last year , when the rising Orange River threatened to swamp the course , the same engineers who are pushing back the Atlantic rushed to build a wall to hold back the flood . 
Late in the afternoon , several big purchases by Bear , Stearns , particularly a block of 200,000 shares at 2:43 p.m. at $ 150 a share , triggered a buying spree that took UAL up more than 18 points in the final hour of trading . 
Accord prices start at $ 12,345 . 
The day before the quake , Seagate completed three days of emergency training and drills . 
Mr. Brissette will remain a Canonie board member and will be a consultant to the company . 
In yesterday 's accord , Quebecor agreed to pay $ 400 million in cash for Maxwell Graphics , and to give Maxwell Communication a 20 % stake , valued at $ 100 million , in Quebecor 's new printing subsidiary . 
The costs of crime may also be enough to destroy a struggling business . 
Though the widely traded shares that are quoted in London account for only a small portion of those totals , they still are the most closely watched stocks and are often viewed as a barometer for the local markets generally . 
There , amid oil paintings and marble tables , massages are administered every Wednesday . 
Industry sources estimate the agency brokers property and casualty premiums worth about $ 25 million annually , and has revenue , based on a standard 10 % commission rate , of about $ 2.5 million . 
In Hong Kong , Sydney and Singapore -- the largest of those exchanges -- stocks recovered one-third to one-half of the ground they lost in Monday 's plunge , with major market indexes posting gains of 3.6 % to 4.4 % . 
Chesebrough-Pond 's Inc. , Greenwich , Conn. , awarded its Faberge hair care accounts to J. Walter Thompson , New York . 
Federal Express and Flying Tiger , as separate companies , carried a combined 2.6 million tons . 
Some , however , lowered yields significantly . 
The South Korean coffee market , consisting mostly of instant coffee , was estimated at about 100 billion won ( $ 150.7 million ) last year . 
Estee Lauder , for example , spends only an estimated 5 % of sales on advertising in the U.S. , and Mr. Lauder says he has no plans to change his strategy . 
The Reserve Fund 
Ms. Bartlett 's previous work , which earned her an international reputation in the non-horticultural art world , often took gardens as its nominal subject . 
Although the third quarter was the best so far this year for non-residential building , weakness early in the year held the nine-month total to $ 69.6 billion , up just 1 % from a year earlier . 
At this stage some people just `` walk away '' from homes where the mortgage exceeds current market value . 
The U.S. contends that the rules are n't justified on health grounds . 
It happened four days after he was sentenced to life in prison for ordering a 1979 murder . 
Doug Hammond , the federal mediator in Seattle , where Boeing is based , said the parties will continue to sit down daily until a new settlement proposal emerges or the talks break off again . 
The balloting to decide when and how to fill the position , which replaces a collective presidency under a pact signed by the ruling Socialists and opposition groups , is to be held Nov . 
In early trading , Treasury bonds were higher on expectations that a surge in buying among Japanese investors would continue . 
Faced with this embarrassment , U.S. diplomats expressed confidence that the influential Rio Group of South American nations , which gathered last week in Peru , would take a stronger posture toward the Panamanian dictator . 
`` I thought I was over the hill at 22 , '' recalls Mr. McDuffie , an outgoing man with pale blue eyes and a light Southern drawl . 
So the scramble is on for lighter crudes globally , and for natural gas in the U.S. . 
After Friday 's decline , Mr. Perritt 's firm ran statistical tests on 100 high-quality stocks , using old-fashioned value criteria devised by Benjamin Graham , an analyst and author in the 1930s and 1940s who is widely considered to be the father of modern securities analysis . 
Ruined the damn fishing ! 
GOP pollster Neil Newhouse , of the Wirthlin Group , says polls this summer showed that the single-issue voters had about evened out . 
There is no reason that it can not be done for defense planning . 
They , too , promised to combine economic efficiency with order and discipline . 
Historically , New York is almost always in trouble . 
Parliament is expected to discuss next month whether to change the law . 
Among bigger OTC stocks , the figures represent 2.05 days of average daily volume , compared with 2.14 days in September . 
Bank Building earlier said the restatement is necessitated by `` certain errors in recording receivables and payables '' at its Loughman Cabinet division . 
Perhaps primed by the daily diet of radio and TV reporters thrusting microphones into people 's faces and asking how they `` feel '' about one calamity or another , fellow reporters and civilians who spied my press credential were eager to chat . 
Michael Frawley , metals trader for PaineWebber Inc. in New York , said there is good technical support between $ 1.10 and $ 1.12 a pound for December copper , which ended Friday at $ 1.1580 a pound , up 1.6 cents . 
Nigel Lawson was a victim of the immense confusion in thought that has been characteristic of Western financial circles during the 1980s . 
Mr. Templeton 's 147,300-share purchase in the closed-end fund came before the U.S. stock market 's plunge last Friday , but still proved slightly profitable . 
Southern Co. 's Gulf Power Co. unit may plead guilty this week to charges that it illegally steered company money to politicians through outside vendors , according to individuals close to an investigation of the utility holding company . 
The Office of Finance of the Federal Home Loan Banks said it priced a four-part $ 2.27 billion bond offering for the banks to yield from 8.125 % to 8.375 % . 
He did not go as far as he could have in tax reductions ; indeed he combined them with increases in indirect taxes . 
The oil refiner also booked a $ 15 million charge for selling Ashland Technology Corp. , one of its subsidiaries , at a loss . 
In West Germany , investors stayed on the sidelines as the bond market searched for direction . 
Limited partner Billy Salomon , whose family name had been on the firm 's door for 70 years and who had hoped it would be there forever , was not consulted . 
Michael A. Gaskin , 55 years old , was named president and chief executive officer of this manufacturer of industrial robots , succeeding Walter K. Weisel . 
A formal blessing of sorts was bestowed on this friendship in April when Mikhail and Raisa Gorbachev stopped here for talks with Irish Prime Minister Charles Haughey . 
And expenses , up 7.9 % in the quarter , have stayed stubbornly high . 
Yet , says Mr. Carpenter , `` We 've really started to exploit the synergy between GE Capital and Kidder Peabody . '' 
And at a luncheon meeting Tuesday of Democratic senators , there was outspoken opposition to cutting the capital-gains tax this year , according to participants . 
Hotel-casino operators play down the possibility of a labor shortage . 
Donaldson Lufkin would n't comment . 
The financial services company emerged from the restructuring of Kaufman & Broad , Inc. , which spun off its home-building subsidiary into Kaufman & Broad Home Corp. earlier this year and changed its name to Broad Inc . 
The giant computer maker is slated to offer $ 500 million of 30-year non-callable debentures through underwriters led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Does the Delta deserve government help in attracting industry when the majority of residents , black and white , do not realize racism alienates potential employers ? 
But although the golden share has been waived , a hostile bidder for Jaguar would still have to alter the British concern 's articles of association which ban shareholdings of more than 15 % . 
At least six of Arizona 's 12 savings and loan institutions have either been taken over by the government 's conservatorship program or are essentially insolvent ; they are sitting on enormous unrecognized losses . 
It 's a nuisance tax on mergers . 
As of March 1 , its Flint office , with about 2,500 employees , stopped delivering bulk mail and non-subscription magazines . 
Mr. Lauder also attacked what he sees as the wide imitation of Elle , a fashion magazine published by Diamandis Communications Inc. , and criticized the practice of stacking ads at the front of magazines . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , BankAmerica common stock edged up 12.5 cents to close at $ 32 a share . 
Do they want the spotlight for themselves or for their cause ? 
The spokeswoman confirmed that the bank has significantly reduced its muni holdings , but could n't immediately confirm the amount . 
They also approved the relocation of the company 's registered office to Toronto from Vancouver and a name change to NHI Nelson Holdings International Ltd . 
Maybe Americans are just so annoyed with government that they are n't interested in admitting that bureaucrats come in handy once in a while . 
Aug. 26 , 1987 : 
Since June , Rochester Telephone signed letters of intent to purchase three other Wisconsin firms . 
The unexpectedly wide U.S. August trade deficit of $ 10.77 billion hit an already jittery U.K. market in midafternoon . 
Mr. Miller said Chrysler spent an average of $ 1,000 a vehicle on its incentive programs in the third quarter , compared with about $ 450 a vehicle a year earlier -- a `` high-water mark '' at the time . 
As the tough , slinky lounge chanteuse in `` The Fabulous Baker Boys , '' Ms. Pfeiffer sings for herself , and more than passably well . 
Separately , Dominion Textile posted net income of 4.7 million Canadian dollars ( $ 4 million ) , or 12 Canadian cents a share , for the fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
He added , however , that inflation could be brought down `` close to zero '' without throwing the economy into a recession . 
Nonetheless , Chairman Roger W. Johnson said he expects the company to be profitable in the current quarter . 
Combustion reported improved profits in its automation and control products businesses , and it narrowed its losses in its public sector and environmental segment . 
Loral Corp. 's defense systems division received a $ 54.9 million Air Force contract for a F-15 weapons system trainer . 
However , one person familiar with UAL said the signs pointed to Coniston because Mr. Trump has n't asked for permission to buy more than $ 15 million of stock under federal antitrust rules . 
To switch to another vendor 's chips , `` would definitely not be an option , '' he said . 
`` I think the restructuring will get the required support , '' said Michael Pacitti , an analyst at London stockbroker UBS Phillips & Drew . 
Gold and silver broker Preston Semel asked a federal court to halt the Commodity Exchange from imposing a record $ 550,000 fine on his firm . 
But even a little appeal has a lot of attraction these days . 
But the surprisingly durable seven-year economic expansion has made mincemeat of more than one forecast . 
Medicare Part B pays 80 % of a beneficiary 's allowable doctor 's bills after an annual deductible of $ 75 . 
`` Absolutely , '' he said . 
Glenn and Sharon Beebe of Cincinnati had sued the com - pany in 1981 after installing Burlington carpets in their office . 
Atop them sit cars and trucks abandoned in a terrifying scramble to safety the day before . 
We did n't expect BellSouth to be so responsive , '' said Frederick A. Moran , president of Moran Asset Management Inc. , which holds 500,000 LIN shares . 
`` This deal is like a Roach Motel , '' he said . 
However , it said examiners found a variety of insider dealings at the thrift , including `` extraordinary loan commissions '' paid to a firm associated with Vision Banc officials , and loans diverted through borrowers back to the thrift officials . 
So far , about 150 Orange Workers have moved here , spending nearly $ 1 million buying up property over the past three years . 
Florio Fiorini , managing director of Geneva-based Sasea , said the investors would pay only a symbolic one lira for the station , `` but we have agreed to raise the capital that will enable the company to continue operating . 
Caltrans today uses a variation of the design Mr. Parker describes , with spiraling steel rods inside . 
The meeting had been scheduled for Nov. 10 but the company delayed the meeting to allow time for the Securities and Exchange Commission to review the proposal . 
The latest drop followed a decision by British Airways , which had supported the $ 300-a-share buy-out offer for UAL from a labor-management group , not to participate in any revised bid . 
Joseph Grano , president of retail sales and marketing at PaineWebber Group Inc. , still thinks that individual investors will eventually go back into the stock market . 
On Tuesday afternoon , Kemper told Bear , Stearns & Co. , General Electric Co. 's Kidder , Peabody & Co. unit , Morgan Stanley and Oppenheimer & Co. that it will no longer do business with them because of their commitment to index arbitrage , officials inside and outside these firms confirmed . 
Jocelyn Tomkin Astronomy Department University of 
Coast earned $ 10.2 million , or 67 cents a share , in the year-ago quarter . 
Another focuses on Charles Brush , the first person to light a city electrically . 
The entire system of centrally set prices would be overhauled , and free-market prices introduced for most wholesale trade and some retail trade . 
Laurie McGinley contributed to this article . 
Foreign lending has been virtually suspended since then , choking liquidity and hobbling many projects . 
And plays . 
The Stanza has been a nonentity compared with Honda 's hugely successful Accord and Toyota 's Camry . 
California 's so-called Gann limit effectively prevents the state from spending new tax money and so drastically limits its options in an emergency . 
About 60 % of the work force will continue with Gillette or transfer to Twins Pharmaceuticals , the company said . 
The problem is that on the vital issue of monetary policy and exchange rates , conservative , free-market economists divide into at least three incompatible camps . 
Smaller-stock earnings , by comparison , rose between 15 % and 20 % . 
NATIONAL INCOME REALTY TRUST said it will resume dividend payments with a 12-cent-a-share dividend to be paid Nov. 6 to shares of record Oct. 25 . 
Because the funds ' investments are denominated in foreign currencies , their value expressed in dollars goes up when those currencies rise against the dollar . 
The people have given their leading and only credible political party , the Liberal Democratic Party , clear and uninterrupted power for those 40 years . 
In the second step of a reorganization that began earlier this year , Boeing Co. said it will create a Defense and Space Group to consolidate several divisions . 
Most Wall Street firms , in pulling back , have merely stopped such trading for their own accounts . 
A further problem is razor-thin profits . 
With the passing of the heady days of swelling industry sales , however , the once-sporadic and brief forays into discounting are becoming standard competitive weapons in the beer industry . 
It should be noted that Mr. Schwartz , who operates out of Englewood , Colo. , is a puckish sort who likes to give his colleagues the needle . 
Moody 's said it expects Valley National , of Phoenix , Ariz. , to make substantial further provisions against its real-estate portfolio , and that it continues to suffer from the high cost of carrying nonperforming assets , and from high loan-loss provisions . 
It also placed on CreditWatch for possible downgrade other securities , including the double-B-minus\/B rating of Crossland 's certificates of deposit and the single-B rating of its senior subordinated capital notes . 
The office , a Treasury Department unit that is the successor to the Federal Home Loan Bank Board , said this was the first announcement of an enforcement action since this year 's thrift-bailout legislation ordered that all such actions by federal banking regulators be made public . 
By 52%-36 % , Tennessee NFIB members favor laws to limit foreign ownership of land and facilities in the state . 
At Fannie Mae , he will take responsibility for the corporation 's financial and legal areas and will work with David Maxwell , chairman and chief executive officer , and Roger Birk , president and chief operating officer , on strategic planning . 
The Barre dictatorship simply is limited in the amount of people it can torture and kill . 
`` They { BankAmerica } continue to show good performance , '' said Donald K. Crowley , an analyst with Keefe , Bruyette & Woods Inc. , San Francisco . 
Running for president in early 1980 , he was also quoted as supporting federal funding for abortions in cases of rape , incest and to save the life of the mother . 
Treasury Securities 
Shareholders of Nuovo Banco Ambrosiano S.p.A. voted to accept a bid of 5,500 lire ( $ 4.03 ) a share by France 's Credit Agricole for 13.32 % of the bank , rejecting an earlier , equal offer by Italy 's Assicurazioni Generali S.p.A . 
The bank has a negative net worth , they say . 
The capital-gains tax reform is a step toward correcting one of the gravest structural weaknesses of the U.S. economy , the closely connected phenomena of low savings rates , weak capital formation and high capital costs . 
The companies would n't disclose the length of the contract except to say it was a multiyear agreement . 
In the nine months , net rose 35 % to $ 120.1 million , or $ 1.64 a share , from $ 89.2 million , or $ 1.22 a share , a year earlier . 
A private farmer never wastes anything . '' 
Giovanni Agnelli , a limited partnership that is the master holding company for Fiat 's Agnelli family , owns approximately 75 % of the shares in Istituto Finanziario Industriale , which in turn owns approximately 40 % of Fiat , Italy 's biggest private-sector industrial group . 
The technology group is also split between large companies and small , with the biggest stocks trading as blue-chip issues in the institutional marketplace , while the smaller stocks churn on their individual merits or faults , analysts say . 
If China were still on good terms with foreign lenders , it might be able to stem the drain on its foreign-exchange reserves by using some loan funds to offset the current-account deficit . 
`` They do n't have the votes to get it passed . '' 
Mr. Seidman says he turned down a Lexus franchise in part because `` the building was gorgeous but very expensive . '' 
DPC made a $ 15-a-share bid for the company in May , but Dataproducts management considered the $ 283.7 million proposal unacceptable . 
Luxurious homes and ranches have been raided by the military authorities , and sophisticated and powerful communications equipment have been seized . 
Their hope was that the catalyst would seek to oust the board in a solicitation of shareholder consents . 
His comments , made in response to reporters ' questions at the National Press Club here , signaled that Seoul is resisting U.S. pressure for a further rise in the currency 's value . 
Aldus , Seattle , makes computer software products . 
The cafeteria remains closed . 
First , it had trouble manufacturing a chip for its mainframes , IBM 's bread-and-butter business . 
As a senior vice president , he has headed the company 's designer lingerie division , Oscar de la Renta , since its inception in 1988 . 
Although government-controlled , Dassault still is run by the founder 's son , Chairman Serge Dassault , who has fiercely protected his company 's independence . 
Spokesmen for Wendy 's and McDonald 's criticized Mr. Rohs 's calculations . 
For example , he says that since 1985 , he and Mr. Peters have developed over 85 movie projects , and Warner has `` passed '' or chosen not to produce at least 76 . 
An A.P. Green official declined to comment on the filing . 
The focus of the outcry has been stock-index arbitrage , which accounts for about half the program trading that goes on . 
`` Sometimes when people are making big changes , retiring from their jobs , moving to a new area , they lose their bearings , '' says Maury Elvekrog , a licensed psychologist who is now an investment adviser and principal in Seger-Elvekrog Inc. , a Birmingham , Mich. , investment-counseling firm . 
It said the regular 1988 deficit amounted to $ 43.5 million , based on revenue of $ 74.4 million and expenses of $ 117.9 million . 
Sitco had customarily tapped the Japanese bond market for funds , but it ca n't do that any longer . 
New York 's Citibank , for instance , increased the yield on small-denomination three-month CDs to 8 % from 7.9 % . 
This has n't been Kellogg Co. 's year . 
`` I do n't think there 's a lot in the wings '' in other sectors of the economy to keep growth above 1 % , he said . 
Reimbursement claims must be filed with the IRS district or service-center director within a year after the expense accrues . 
They are very considerable : Since 1986 , when Spain joined the European Community , its gross domestic product has grown at an annual average of 4.6 % -- the fastest in the EC . 
But readers may well feel the pangs of recognition . 
NEC forecast sales for the year ending next March 31 of 2.74 trillion yen , an increase of 27 % from the previous fiscal year . 
Stuffing a wad of Red Man into his cheek , he admits the fastball he brought into the majors in 1955 has become a slowball . 
The offer , set to expire Nov. 1 , may be extended pending the timing and resolution of the FTC request , the companies said . 
New England Electric System , Westborough , Mass. , has proposed buying the company for $ 2 billion as part of a plan that would require rate increases of only 4.8 % annually for seven years . 
Mary E. Sommer , corporate counsel for Stamford , said the city has discussed several possible plans for displaying the mural , which portrays various scenes from the Great Depression . 
The company estimated that the transaction would enhance its book value , which stood at $ 28.55 a share on Sept. 30 , by more than $ 100 million , or about $ 4 a share . 
British government bonds , or gilts , ended moderately lower as equities there recovered from Tuesday 's drop . 
A California official also said he sent the Federal Bureau of Investigation a packet of documents relating to a previously reported $ 400,000 contribution from Lincoln 's parent solicited by Sen. Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif . ) . 
Although the network is n't connected to the computer systems that operate either Galileo or the shuttle , part of the network will carry analyses of Galileo data once the craft gets spaceborn . 
Student job postings at Boston University slip 10 % this year following a 10 % drop in 1988 . 
`` There 's a 99 % chance that the Fantasy will be delivered close to schedule , '' said Caroline Levy , an analyst at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
In addition to the usual array of defenses , including a so-called poison pill and a staggered board , Nekoosa has another takeover defense : a Maine state law barring hostile bidders from merging acquired businesses for five years . 
Because the ANC remains banned , both the government , which approved the rally , and the organizers , who orchestrated it , denied it was an ANC rally . 
The ACLU and worker organizations back tighter laws , but employers and device manufacturers object . 
He said Jaguar started negotiating with GM and several other car makers over a year ago , but the rest `` dropped by the wayside ever since the share price went above # 4 ( $ 6.30 ) a share . '' 
Three of the largest offerings , by Exxon Capital Corp. , Xerox Corp. and Citicorp , were underwritten by groups led by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Long tax-exempt dollar bonds were mostly flat to 3\/8 point lower after a whipsaw session of moving inversely to stocks in modest dealer-led trading . 
`` It was dead , listless , depressing and negative , '' said one trader at a U.S. bank in Frankfurt . 
I call her agent , David Dominici . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
Chris Edgar 
Food companies probably wo n't cut their prices much , blaming other costs . 
Mideast politics have calmed down and the squabbling within the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries seems under control for now . 
A poll in male-dominated South Korea put Margaret Thatcher first on a list of most-respected foreign leaders . 
Reflecting concerns about Commodore 's outlook , its stock has plunged more than 50 % since May , closing yesterday unchanged at $ 8.875 a share in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
MINORITY RECRUITING has yet to meet hopes raised by Bush administration . 
The system is the first to be sold through the joint marketing agreement between Cray and Control Data Corp . 
Seagram says the promotion is designed to build brand loyalty rather than promote heavy drinking . 
Some people argue that strong brands can afford to stop advertising for a time because of the residual impact of hundreds of millions of dollars spent on advertising through the years . 
Their effort has received a lukewarm response from the Justice Department . 
And consumers `` should be comfortable , '' adds W. Henson Moore , U.S. deputy secretary of energy . 
And in November 1970 Congress had passed a special act to overrule one board rule . 
The battery of legal documents filed in the past week in connection with the suit provide a peek into the inner workings of this Hollywood dogfight . 
A majority of old contracts were renegotiated by the deadline and settled at steep discounts . 
Nor will students from racial-minority groups who are admitted through the new category be counted against the affirmative-action `` target '' for their group . 
Now , it 's Mr. Icahn 's move . 
Start-up costs for the Washington Times alone were close to $ 50 million , and the total amount lost in this journalistic black hole was estimated at $ 150 million by 1984 . 
They paid $ 15 million for a 1 % stake and received an additional 9 % of the company at no additional cost . 
The group also is engaged in talks with third parties regarding obtaining financing to buy more shares , but no agreements have yet been reached , the filing said . 
AVX , a New York-based maker of passive electronic products , paid $ 11 million in cash to Unitrode , a Lexington-based maker of semiconductor products . 
What are the facts on this type of lending ? 
Following are excerpts from the electronic traffic that night . 
Allan Meltzer , a Carnegie-Mellon University economist , noted that the Fed 's record included the longest , most sustained , peacetime inflation in our history , dating from either 1966 or 1967 to 1989 . 
Between 50 % and 75 % of today 's workers are covered by such plans , up from 5 % five years ago . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
`` Rascal Money '' ( Contemporary Books , 412 pages , $ 17.95 ) , a novel by consultant and business analyst Joseph R. Garber , tells the story of an innovative , well-run , widely respected computer manufacturing company called PegaSys as it faces a hostile takeover attempt by AIW , a much smaller corporation that is so incompetently managed as to constitute a standing joke in the business world . 
The employment report , which will provide the first official measure of the economy 's strength in October , is expected to show smaller gains in the generation of new jobs . 
Mr. Leigh-Pemberton reiterated that the exposure of United Kingdom banks to leveraged deals have n't yet reached `` worrying levels . '' 
Greece and Turkey , for example , are suspected of overstating their arsenals in hopes that they can emerge from the arms-reduction treaty with large remaining forces to deter each other . 
Beacon Hill is for `` move-up '' town houses , and Nob Hill , for single-family houses . 
It was in Jaguar 's best interests `` for the company 's future to be assured and the present climate of uncertainty resolved as quickly as possible , '' Mr. Ridley said . 
Faced with a $ 40 billion foreign debt and skyrocketing inflation , Poland must privatize industry and eliminate subsidies to stabilize its currency and qualify for international assistance . 
It did not make sense to offer unsecured paper in an unsettling market . '' 
As a result , Frank Gaffney , a former Reagan Pentagon aide who now heads the Center for Security Policy , charges that the administration 's `` professions of continued commitment to development and deployment of the SDI program strain credulity . '' 
Intel was up 1 3\/8 to 33 3\/4 . 
A spokesman for the Comex could n't be reached to comment . 
Yesterday , when similar securities rebounded , it bumped the valuation up again . 
`` Until now , we were trying to increase productivity with the facilities we already had . 
Mr. Busch says there is a scientific explanation for all haunts , and he can even tell you how to encourage the spirits . 
A Concord spokeswoman called the suit `` unfounded '' but declined to comment further . 
Gorky was a loyal if occasionally ambivalent proletarian writer committed to enlightening the masses with plain speaking rooted in a slightly sour version of Chekhovian humanism . 
Last year , the company had net income of $ 117.3 million , or $ 1.30 a share . 
Canadian retail sales rose 0.2 % in August from July , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
The government , already buffeted by high interest rates and a slowing economy , has been badly hurt by last week 's shake-up in Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet . 
( Dong-A had had a technology agreement with Jeep maker American Motors Corp. , now a part of Chrysler Corp . ) 
Still , the list of troubled Drexel bond offerings dwarfs that of any firm on Wall Street , as does its successful offerings . 
Calls to Shelly Schwab , president of MCA TV , were n't returned . 
The dollar initially fell against other major currencies on news that the U.S. trade deficit surged in August to $ 10.77 billion . 
In 1956 , when Britain , France and Israel invaded Egypt to seize the Suez Canal , Arab producers cut off supplies to Europe . 
Acadia Partners Limited Partnership , a Fort Worth , Texas , partnership that includes the Robert M. Bass Group , made the proposal . 
Now , I revel in the freedom , culture , activity and diversity of this great metropolitan area with its traffic jams and perpetual road-building projects . 
The computer maker said net jumped to $ 87 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 58 million , or $ 1.40 a share , a year earlier . 
But block trading desks and money managers made a concerted effort to meet the imbalances with stock to sell , one trader said . 
Unamused , residents burned Rand McNally books and wore T-shirts that said : `` Kiss my Atlas . '' 
Most of those markets had rebounded the day before from Monday 's slide . 
He said the company has no intention of tapping its short-term bank lines `` for a good part of 1990 . '' 
`` I 'm not sure what 's going to happen , '' he said . 
Lung-cancer mortality rates increase with age and are continuing to rise for all age groups over 55 , with sharp increases for everybody but white men . 
Nelson Bunker Hunt is considering it , although his attorney says he wo n't do it if the proposal jeopardizes a tentative settlement he has reached with the Internal Revenue Service , which claims the brothers owe $ 1 billion in back taxes and is by far the biggest creditor in both cases . 
As the judge marched down the center aisle in his flowing black robe , he was heralded by a trumpet fanfare . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was at $ 366.55 an ounce . 
Whatever the cause for the downturn , few people are predicting any sudden improvement . 
The contract fell five points at the open to 323.85 , the maximum opening move allowed under safeguards adopted by the Merc to stem a market slide . 
European multinationals do likewise ; even in America , their affiliates are usually run by American managers . 
The 57-year-old tax attorney never even aspired to the job of chief executive . 
Mr. Levine noted that Bancroft 's shares have been trading at or above Mr. Green 's offering price for the last several months . 
But the main lesson of economic policy in the past 30 years is that if the Fed compromises with the price-stability objective in the pursuit of these other goals , the result is not high employment and rapid growth but is inflation . 
The issue is in two parts : 200 million Swiss francs of privately placed notes , 100 million Swiss francs of publicly listed bonds . 
Gov. George Deukmejian and key legislators agreed to back a temporary one-quarter-cent increase in the state sales tax to raise $ 800 million for repairs and relief associated with last month 's earthquake . 
Aeroflot could lease some of its cargo planes to Aer Lingus , through GPA , for a joint-venture cargo airline . 
The building-materials concern did n't disclose terms of the sale , which will close in the first quarter of next year . 
Analysts have been expecting a GM-Jaguar pact that would give the U.S. car maker an eventual 30 % stake in the British company and create joint ventures that would produce an executive-model range of cars . 
Dun & Bradstreet dropped 3\/4 to 51 1\/8 on 1.9 million shares on uncertainty about the company 's earnings prospects . 
The GASB had told governments they did n't have to follow FASB rules on depreciation , making it difficult for bond-rating agencies to compare private and state-owned schools , which compete in the public bond market . 
That system has worked . 
`` But I 'm going to proceed in a more logical way . 
The Kraft General Foods brand stopped advertising for about a year in 1987 and gave up several market share points and its leadership position in the coffee business . 
He figures Block earnings are now growing at about a 10 % annual rate ( down from about 14 % the past five years ) and will grow at an 8%-10 % rate in the future . 
Mr. Holmes was the subject of a page one profile in The Wall Street Journal in 1984 , after the SEC questioned him about ties between him and companies he touted in a newsletter . 
The campaign replaces its `` Take Comfort in Cotton '' ads and marks the end of its national cooperative advertising efforts . 
It expects a $ 1.42 billion quarterly loss . 
While no one professes to know the exact cost of such a `` brain drain '' to the economy , hardly anyone doubts that it poses a threat . 
`` What on earth does the UAL deal have to do with the price of Walmart , which I was able to buy on Oct. 16 at a very attractive price ? '' 
Those days are gone . 
Accounting problems raise more knotty issues . 
And Beijing has pulled back on domestic loans and subsidies , leaving many domestic buyers and export-oriented plants strapped for cash . 
Final approval -- on a 64-35 roll call -- was never in doubt , but the opposition drew an unusual mix of senators , including Republicans Jesse Helms and Warren Rudman and Democrats Bill Bradley and John Glenn . 
A widely held assumption all along has been that , given its robust economy , Hong Kong will be able to attract sufficient foreign money and talent to comfortably offset the outflows . 
The disarray of the Bush administration 's Latin diplomacy was evident in the failure of the Organization of American States to condemn categorically Gen. Noriega . 
Pretax profit in the latest year climbed to # 187.1 million ( $ 297.1 million ) from # 146.3 million ( $ 232.3 million ) . 
Sens. John Glenn ( D. , Ohio ) , John McCain , ( R. , Ariz. ) and Alan Cranston ( D. , Calif. ) also received substantial contributions from Mr. Keating and sought to intervene on behalf of Lincoln . 
Moreover , it will boost by 50 % USX 's current hot-dipped capacity of 1,275,000 tons . 
`` You 'll see fewer gimmicks . '' 
I think that I 'm elected to represent the people that sent me here . 
Such bonds , she says , are those that are nearing their call date . 
Alusuisse , of New York , declined to say how much it expects to get for the unit ; the company has hired First Boston Corp. to help identify bidders . 
Earnings from continuing operations of the Union Pacific Resources unit almost doubled , the company said . 
Frankfurt prices closed lower again Friday , the fourth decline in the past five days and the culmination of a week that saw the DAX index lose 4 % . 
Drilling activity is still far below eight years ago , there 's no hiring surge and some companies continue to shrink . 
But the performance exceeded some estimates of around $ 1.90 a share . 
The former Wall Street executive refused to offer an opinion on the controversy surrounding program trading , which has recently become a larger part of the trading in the market and has been blamed for accelerating the drop two weeks ago . 
Maybe they were hidden by all the people . '' 
It did n't say by how much . 
In five years , Petronas , which became the dominant shareholder in a 1984 rescue exercise , has spent about M$ 3.5 billion to prop up the troubled bank . 
Japan suspended imports of French mushrooms after finding some contaminated by radiation , an official of the Ministry of Health and Welfare said . 
`` I do n't doubt it for a moment . 
The package was termed excessive by the Bush administration , but it also provoked a struggle with influential California lawmakers who sought unsuccessfully to add nearly $ 1 billion more and waive current restrictions to expedite the distribution of funds . 
The key to the creation of the `` organic '' state lay in the formation of `` natural '' groups that would undertake the role of decision-making . 
To promote this balance , OPEC now is finally confronting a long-simmering internal problem . 
In a statement , Grand Met said its recent `` growth and wider geographic spread '' made it necessary to create the new position . 
Moreover , the interest on asset-backed securities is fully taxable , while interest on Treasury issues is tax-free at the state and local level . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The rally transformed some big sell orders into big buy orders , solving an order-imbalance problem . 
The bankruptcy judge has ruled that federal bankruptcy laws could be used to circumvent state regulation . 
Her son , healthy and symptom-free , currently takes no medication . 
`` What counts is the bottom line . '' 
In over-the-counter trading Friday , Jayark was quoted at 87.5 cents bid , down 15.625 cents . 
The Continental catch : Only immediate family members are allowed , and they must have the same last name as the buyer of the ticket or legal proof they 're related . 
Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , a 43%-owned U.S. affiliate , filed for protection from creditor lawsuits under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code . 
`` It 's going to be a sensational thing , '' says Mr. Krishnamurthy of P&G in Bombay . 
But institutional investors may wait a little longer to appraise the direction of the U.S. monetary policy and the dollar , traders said . 
`` Ten million ai n't jack , man , when you got $ 3 billion sitting in the bank , '' says Mr. Frank , senior vice president at International Management Group , citing CBS 's enormous cash reserves from selling off various businesses . 
Holiday said Salomon Brothers Inc. has been retained to act as the dealer-manager and financial adviser in connection with the offer and solicitation . 
It is partly for this reason that the exchange last week began trading in its own stock `` basket '' product that allows big investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in the Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade . 
But the broader truth is more complicated -- and dismaying . 
Extraordinary general meetings , to be held Nov. 28 , will decide the share exchange ratio . 
Mr. Bailey said he expects to name a new group president to head that operation following the Nov. 8 board meeting . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 30 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.78 % 13 weeks ; 7.62 % 26 weeks . 
Even if he were to change his stripes and become another Milton Friedman , however , he would still stand a good chance of losing a country . 
He is also accused of lying under oath and of leaking information obtained from a wiretap he supervised . 
( Federal deposit insurance would pay principal and interest accrued to the date of liquidation , to a maximum of $ 100,000 . ) 
Officials of the Resolution Trust Corp. have said privately that such a plan was the most likely alternative to raise short-term cash for the bailout . 
But sale increases were offset by slumping sales in flat glass and fiberglass reinforcements , the company said . 
However , shedding steel would run directly counter to Mr. Roderick 's original rationale for diversifying into oil and gas : Having two major products would lessen the company 's vulnerability to one market 's down cycle and help smooth out the flow of cash and earnings . 
Rep. Edward Markey ( D. , Mass. ) , chairman of the House Telecommunications and Finance Subcommittee , is pushing the idea of a circuit breaker for computer-driven program trading in hopes that would curb `` turmoil '' in the marketplace . 
U.S. Attorney General Dick Thornburgh 's plan to dissolve the 14 regional organized-crime strike forces is expected to go into effect next month , despite the opposition of Democratic congressional leaders and lawyers in the special units . 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Paribas currently intends to offer 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that receive full dividends this year . 
Liberty National Bancorp said its acquisition of Florence Deposit Bank , Florence , Ky. , first announced in April , has been completed in a transaction valued at $ 13.1 million . 
AEW has $ 3.5 billion of real estate investments nationwide , according to a spokesman . 
Last Friday , 96 stocks on the Big Board hit new 12-month lows . 
All independent media activity is now illegal , which perhaps is not surprising , but so is the manufacture of perfume , cosmetics , household chemicals and sand candles . 
Unisys said that should help it save $ 500 million a year in costs , again at the high end of the previously reported range of $ 400 million to $ 500 million . 
Two days earlier , his attorney met in a Park Avenue law office with a cartoon dealer who expected to sell 44 of the most important stolen strips to Mr. Russell for $ 62,800 . 
-- PRICES . 
A huge production system built in the sea off Santa Barbara and ashore is sitting idle . 
That is , with capital gains cut , the glue of the 1986 accord will be gone , and political realities will push up income-tax rates . 
But nearly 3 1\/2 years later , Merrill says the investment is worth about $ 43,000 -- an amount that represents an annual return of just over 2 % on Dr. Blumenfeld 's $ 40,000 . 
The good news is , it 's not your fault . '' 
`` This is beautiful stuff , '' he says , looking ruefully at big boxes of just-picked Red Delicious next to his barn . 
Information systems posted a loss of $ 8 million , compared with a loss of $ 9 million a year earlier . 
`` It is becoming more of a horse race every day between the U.S. and Japan , '' he said , adding that some fear that as with the semiconductor , electronics , and automobile industries , Japanese companies will use U.S.-developed technology to gain trade advantages . 
Most of the proposals are in tourism , basic industry and fishery and agro-industry projects , he said . 
President 
In one ingenious recent example of a Newport Beach boiler room , prospective investors in Capital Trust Inc. were allegedly told that their investment in precious metals was insured against losses `` caused by employees due to dishonesty , destruction or disappearance , '' according to an indictment handed up by a federal grand jury in Los Angeles last month . 
He said he expects the company to have $ 500 million in sales for this year . 
`` You have to count everything . '' 
But Mr. Tonkin said dealers should slash stocks to between 15 and 30 days to reduce the costs of financing inventory . 
Evelyn Boccone , 85 years old , has lived in the district most of her life . 
The Portland , Ore. , thrift , which has $ 5.2 billion of assets , had net income in last year 's third quarter of $ 1.8 million , or 23 cents a share . 
`` I believe that the perception that legislation in this area may be hastily approved contributed to the collapse of the UAL transaction , and the resulting disruption in the financial markets experienced this past Friday , '' Mr. Trump wrote members of Congress . 
The House approved a short-term spending bill to keep the government operating through Nov. 15 and provide $ 2.85 billion in emergency funds to assist in the recovery from Hurricane Hugo and the California earthquake . 
And transfer control of much of it to Capitol Hill . 
`` We had no serious damage on the railroad , '' said a Southern Pacific spokesman . 
It 's also the prime showcase for a country whose world dominance in the industry is increasingly acknowledged , and therein lies the draw . 
There are more than three times as many franchised domestic outlets as there are company stores . 
In the Northeast , however , sales declined 0.4 % in the period , with sales in New England falling 2.6 % . 
Kinder-Care Learning Centers added 1\/4 to 4 7\/8 on 461,200 shares . 
Revenue fell 3 % , to $ 105.2 million from $ 108.4 million . 
He will retain the honorary title of non-executive chairman . 
The Berkeley police do n't have any leads but doubt the crime was driven by a passion for sweets . 
The cumulative total in 1989 was 12,283,217 tons , up 7.5 % from 11,429,243 tons a year earlier . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
`` Soon it 'll be so crowded , '' a narrator complains , `` that people will start eating each other . '' 
The 6 3\/4 % notes yield 6.25 % . 
Even then , opponents managed to get a congressional hearing to examine what one congressman called an `` unscrupulous '' method for breaking eggs . 
Made of sand , it receives around-the-clock maintainence against the battering waves . 
`` I do n't think the Bush administration has done anything , '' he says . 
Mr. Noriega made plans to fly to Washington for a meeting with his counterpart at the Pentagon . 
Prices of pre-refunded municipal bonds were capped by news that Chemical Securities Inc. , as agent for a customer , will accept bids today for two large lists of bonds that include many such issues . 
Analysts said they expect McCaw to escalate the bidding again . 
On Capitol Hill , though , there does n't seem to be sufficient sentiment to pair capital gains and the deficit-reduction bill . 
ABB Asea Brown Boveri B.V. said it signed a contract for the largest-ever power plant order in the Netherlands . 
Trading on little specific information , market players overnight in Tokyo began bidding up oil prices . 
`` If we 're not careful we could become known as a haven for war criminals , '' said Jeff Rooker , a member of Parliament and one of several British politicians attending a London conference with government investigators from the U.S. , Canada and Australia . 
`` It 's very easily influenced by changes in the stock market and the junk bond market . '' 
The company went public earlier this month , offering 1,745,000 shares of common stock at $ 15 a share . 
Still , on average , the major California banks have the highest yields on CDs , according to Banxquote . 
The combined company would have had 1988 sales of $ 13.1 billion . 
The foundation vote is effective for the affected government entities with fiscal years that begin starting next Jan. 1 and makes the financial results of the hospitals , colleges and schools easier to compare with for-profit businesses . 
A group of 27 Senators has written Mr. Kemp urging him to reject Cranston-Mitchell and focus on programs that empower the poor rather than create vast new government obligations . 
The dollar is still highly volatile . 
And when a defensive move was called for , D.T. passed up an obvious pawn move and instead exposed its queen to immediate tactical threats . 
That nets out to about $ 17 a share for the company on a private market basis . 
The FDIC said it has issued five citations to banks over the past three years for discriminatory practices . 
He adds : `` It just has n't gotten down to the engine room yet . '' 
Dealers and auction houses `` know if they do n't lay out a half a million for this , another one will ; it 's that competitive . '' 
In Tokyo Wednesday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.57 yen , down from Tuesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
`` We 're always going to hire someone we consider to be a winner , '' an Edwards official says . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. shareholders approved a 1-for-10 consolidation of the company 's common stock at a special meeting . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Thursday , gold was quoted at $ 368.24 an ounce . 
`` There should be no great rush for investors to buy this . 
Contel 's Mr. Wohlstetter said the group of Big Board companies is n't ready to go public yet with its effort , and that he does n't plan to be the leader once it is public . 
`` It 's frightening , '' Mr. Shattuck said . 
Back when the Burgess fauna were flourishing , it seems , human evolutionary hopes hung on the survival of a little worm with a backbone called Pikaia . 
Argentina and Britain agreed to resume diplomatic and economic relations , seven years after the two nations battled over the Falkland Islands . 
If Colgate toothpaste offers a tempting money-saving coupon , she 'll cross Crest off her shopping list without a second thought . 
Next October , CBS , for the first time , wo n't have to start the season against the much-watched American and National baseball league championships and the World Series . 
`` In the price range it 's a tremendously high-performing product , '' said Sandy Gant , an analyst at the market-research firm InfoCorp . 
The senators responded in kind . 
The difference is that current holders would n't retain majority ownership or control . 
At a meeting here on Nov. 15 , the labor federation plans to launch a major effort to build grass-roots support for health-care overhaul . 
He said he believes UAL management was badly advised on the funding of its original transaction . 
As of the end of the second quarter , it had $ 4.47 billion of cash and marketable securities on hand . 
The separate $ 67 billion bill sent to the White House had budget difficulties , too , but was saved ultimately by its importance to a broad spectrum of interests in Congress and the administration itself . 
The U.S. is required to notify foreign dictators if it knows of coup plans likely to endanger their lives , government officials said . 
Rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , the issue will be sold through Salomon Brothers . 
`` Adverse pressure on gross margins ... has subsided , '' Mr. Sculley said . 
And one White House official reported that Mr. Agnos had been `` very helpful '' in making arrangements for Mr. Bush 's hastily scheduled trip to California . 
`` We have the money to buy . 
Frank Mirabello , a lawyer for the Dorrance estate with the Philadelphia law firm of Morgan , Lewis & Bockius , declines to comment on the financial arrangements . 
`` If the person believes there 's an evil spirit , you ask it to be gone , '' he says . 
Twenty-five years ago the poet Richard Wilbur modernized this 17th-century comedy merely by avoiding `` the zounds sort of thing , '' as he wrote in his introduction . 
The plan , approved by lawmakers and rejected Sunday by Aoun , includes political changes aimed at ending the 14-year-old civil war . 
Under New York law , elected judges must retire at age 70 , but then can be appointed to two-year terms until they reach 76 . 
The Anglo-French financier has indicated he intends to bid again for B.A.T if he receives approval . 
In looking at these and other policies , I learn to ask pointed questions about some of the assumptions built into `` policy illustrations '' -- the rows of numbers that show me the buildup of my cash values over the years . 
`` Sometimes , with the release of stress , you hear ` oohs ' and ` ahs ' coming out of the room , '' explains Morgan Banks , the agency 's health specialist . 
IBM is expected to get a boost soon when it announces some new versions of its mainframes . 
Instead , it turns on the disputed and elusive facts of `` who did what to whom . '' 
The only material support it is extending to the struggling U.S. industry is $ 30 million in awards from the Pentagon 's Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency . 
Golden Valley Microwave Foods skidded 3 5\/8 to 31 3\/4 after warning that its fourth-quarter results could be hurt by `` some fairly large international marketing expenses . '' 
Much of Columbia 's junk-bond trading has been done through the high-yield department of its Beverly Hills neighbor , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
Chicago 's new school chief is the hard-nosed Ted Kimbrough . 
While the visit was unrelated to Jaguar , GM Chairman Roger Smith answered the legislators ' questions about it over lunch Tuesday . 
But some analysts contend K mart has agreed to pay too much for Pace . 
It sees sales rising 45 % to 26,000 units next year . 
What now for Princeton\/Newport officials , Drexel and Mr. Milken ? 
Mr. Wathen also relished the chance to demonstrate an entrepreneur like himself , who 'd spent his whole career in the security business , could run Pinkerton 's better than an unfocused conglomerate or investment banker . 
The bonds are all rated single-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc . 
Yet to pay that interest bill , analysts say SCI TV will only produce about $ 80 million to $ 90 million of cash flow a year . 
Among 2,412 of the largest OTC issues , short interest rose to 196.8 million shares , from 185.7 million in 2,379 stocks in September . 
Partly because the 1987 market crash made it harder for them to find financing , many high-technology concerns have made such alliances recently . 
In Australia , Britain , Canada and Greece , Brown-Forman Corp. has increased its marketing of Southern Comfort Liqueur . 
IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , said it wanted to bring out the mainframes as soon as it could to spark as many sales as possible by the end of the year . 
The percentages omit from consideration the many paintings that go begging at auction . 
Beef prices , hovering near records since the drought , could drop in earnest this winter if ranchers expand herds . 
Everyone at the Stick that day had started out as a spectator and ended up as a participant . 
But so far Japan 's cash-rich retailers are proving to be cautious shoppers . 
Estee Lauder Inc. , Revlon Inc. and other cosmetics houses traditionally have considered themselves fashion enterprises whose product development is guided by the creative intuition of their executives . 
Ad industry executives were n't surprised by Mr. Roman 's decision to leave Ogilvy . 
The executive made his purchases shortly before being named to his current chief executive officer 's position ; formerly he was Kraft General Foods ' chief operating officer . 
His theoretical approach and its publication in this venerable paper are no doubt a noteworthy accomplishment for him . 
The uncertainty was multiplied by the persistent strength of the dollar , traders said , and by the U.S. trade deficit , which widened by 31 % in August from the previous month . 
The FAA already has ordered that all 232 disks made by the old process be removed from the planes and subjected to an ultrasonic test in a water-submersion chamber . 
NRM suspended its common distribution in June 1988 and the distribution on its $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units in September . 
As part of the agreement , Cilcorp said it will pay Hunter $ 4 million in exchange for agreements not to compete . 
`` We still think there 's a lot of unsettlement in this market . 
Affiliated said it expects to record a pretax gain of about $ 18.5 million from the sale of the credit-card business , which should more than offset any reduction in the carrying value of real estate and real-estate loans on its books . 
10 billion yen ( $ 70 million ) of 6 % bonds due Feb. 24 , 1993 , priced at 101 1\/4 , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
Sales rose 11 % to $ 7.73 billion from $ 6.94 billion . 
These days , when others raise the subject of abortion , the usually loquacious president can be close-mouthed almost to the point of curtness . 
If you are a salaried man , Amen ! 100 % captured . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater , confirming comments made this week by Vice President Dan Quayle , said Mr. Bush is `` interested '' in finding a suitable test case . 
WINSTON-SALEM , N.C. -- 
That would force the buy-out firm and the target company 's management to reduce their level of ownership . 
People may be particularly vulnerable to flim-flam pitches when they are in the midst of a major upheaval in their lives . 
But starting in early September , the index started to slide and now stands about even with the S&P 500 . 
HEALTH CLUBS gear up for a graying clientele . 
The charges consist of : a $ 25 million after-tax charge to cover cost overruns in Ashland 's Riley Consolidated subsidiary ; a previously announced $ 38 million after-tax charge resulting from a $ 325 million settlement with National Iranian Oil Co. and a $ 15 million after-tax charge from the previously announced sale of its Ashland Technology Corp. subsidiary . 
Hotel expansion and an influx of more-discriminating tourists have hurt motels . 
I refer essentially to petroleum , electric power , banking and newsprint . 
And the vice president of a large Midwestern company realized that an abrasive temperament threatened his career when his wife confided that similar behavior at home harmed their marriage . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Call it a fad . 
One reason : banks -- likely to react to any new UAL deal with even more caution than the first time around -- probably will insist on labor harmony before they agree to put up cash for any new bid or even a less-ambitious recapitalization plan . 
In mid-August , the companies , through their jointly owned holding company , Temple Holdings Ltd. , sweetened the offer to $ 63 a share , or $ 963 million . 
The aim , ultimately , is to increase the flow of information into a manufacturer 's main computer network for use in business planning , marketing and other operations . 
Periodically , there are threats that the program will fold . 
Buying 51 % of Rockefeller Group Inc. is right up Mitsubishi Estate Co. 's alley in one sense : The huge Japanese real estate company is entering a long-term relationship with a similarly conservative U.S. owner of tony urban property . 
Guarantee by General Motors Acceptance Corp . 
Given the weakness of the junk-bond market , can he finance a buy-out ? 
The electronics maker and retailer previously estimated the sale price at between $ 100 million and $ 200 million for Datatronic 's Victor microcomputer and Micronic hand-held computer subsidiaries . 
Mr. Smith and a spokesman for the America 's Cup Organizing Committee insist that the added competition for the defender 's spot will only improve the race . 
At the same time , some congressional liberals will accuse Sens. Boren and Cohen of wimping out , and they will warn that the lawmakers ' concessions raise the specter of more internationally embarrassing covert operations like the mining of Nicaraguan harbors and the Iran arms sales . 
While lawmakers have n't raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras following Ortega 's weekend threat to end a truce , Senate Majority Leader Mitchell said on NBC-TV that Ortega had made `` a very unwise move . 
The bill does n't include an estimated $ 1.9 billion in supplemental anti-drug funds for Justice Department and law-enforcement accounts that are still in conference with the House . 
The charge on loans to depository institutions by the New York Federal Reserve Bank . 
Revenue from non-GM accounts was 45 % of EDS 's total business in the latest nine months , compared with 40 % a year earlier . 
Unfortunately , according to Webster 's Biographical Dictionary , `` His policies went beyond his control and resulted ... in riots and disturbances '' and later a renewed campaign of civil disobedience `` resulted in rioting and a second imprisonment . '' 
He `` will not be shaken out by external events , however surprising , alarming or vexing ... . 
On his FEMA visit , Mr. Bush said that he hoped there would be `` less carping '' about the emergency office 's performance this time , adding that the agency `` took a hit '' for its reaction to Hurricane Hugo . 
Thus the conclusion is that the burden rests with management to understand\/adopt the culture and philosophy of the country in which they are operating . 
`` The secret to being a good adjuster is counting , '' says Gerardo Rodriguez , an Aetna adjuster from Santa Ana . 
Most banks were closed but were expected to reopen today with few problems anticipated . 
The Dow Jones industrials , down over 80 points in the morning , closed off 3.69 , at 2659.22 . 
There are , however , some alternatives that income-oriented investors should consider , investment advisers say . 
So far , they say , it has n't had any noticeable effect on response rates . 
Mr. Gourlay , 48 , is manager for corporate manufacturing operations ; he was assistant vice president at the company . 
After doubling production in one plant , NEC is spending $ 275 million to build another plant that , in two years , will be able to make a million four-megabit DRAMs a year . 
Ajinomoto Co. , a Tokyo-based food-processing concern , said net income in its first half rose 8.9 % to 8.2 billion yen ( $ 57.7 million ) from 7.54 billion yen a year earlier . 
Prospect , a New York-based leveraged buy-out firm , also agreed to invest $ 15 million in Recognition , which in turn agreed to repurchase as much as $ 20 million of its stock . 
And her husband sometimes calls her `` Ducky . '' 
When I saw the pictures of 880 and the Bay Bridge , I began to cry . 
I really want to see that happen again . '' 
But lately , retailers say , fake has become more fashionable . 
That 's Chandler 's setup . 
( Mr. O'Dwyer is now one of the lawyers for Mr. Sutton 's media company . ) 
But while pumping more money into the economy would bring relief to many industries , it also runs the risk of triggering another period of runaway growth and steep inflation . 
In the mortgage pass-through sector , active issues rose but trailed gains in the Treasury market . 
That will please once-grumpy affiliates -- another aim of the Pilson plan . 
Mr. Kriz of Moody 's said the problems in the securities portfolio stem largely from positions taken last year . 
Arbitragers said they were disappointed the company did n't announce some recapitalization or other plan to maximize value . 
Mr. Gelbart clearly feels that all the participants in a congressional hearing -- the witnesses , the lawyers , the interrogators and the news media -- are performers . 
One research institute calculated that as much as 67 % of corporate-owned land is held by 403 companies -- and that as little as 1.5 % of that is used for business . 
Underscoring the size of the deficits of the past few years , the Treasury report showed that for the first time interest paid on the public debt -- $ 240.86 billion -- exceeded spending on Social Security , the single largest government program . 
The letter , in fact , takes a jab at ABC for being a laggard in black programming . 
The test markets , though not specified , will be in northern California , Arizona and Colorado , some of the hottest bottled-water markets . 
The largest volume drop -- down 445,645 shares to 141,903 -- came in shares represented by B.A.T Industries PLC 's American depositary receipts . 
DARMAN'S MANEUVERS on the budget and capital gains hurt him in Congress . 
Since 1983 , Westinghouse has shed 70 businesses that it did n't expect to produce 10 % operating margins while acquiring 55 businesses . 
Some hotels in the hurricane-stricken Caribbean promise money-back guarantees . 
By replacing the frame 's steel lugs with titanium ones , Mr. Sinyard 's company plans to make its next generation of frames even lighter . 
Working students , she explains , want `` some satisfaction . '' 
The company attributed much of the growth in earnings to increased demand for its systems productivity software . 
Then , as an additional precaution , the car dealership took the judge 's photograph as he stood next to his new car with sales papers in hand -- proof that he had received the loan documents . 
Wells Fargo 
Labatt 's has no takeover bids outstanding currently , he said . 
So he has arranged for a university foundation to set up a scholarship fund for undergraduate engineering students . 
But unfortunately , that segment is much smaller than the bread-and-butter flat-rolled steel . 
A Board of Control spokesman said the board had not seen the claim and declined to comment . 
When Chicago futures prices jump up or down , the New York Stock Exchange follows . 
Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. -- $ 475 million of senior subordinated resettable debentures , due Oct. 15 , 2001 , priced at par to yield 14.75 % . 
Rep. Jim Leach ( R. , Iowa ) says the Lincoln S&L affair is `` the biggest bank heist in history , '' and adds : `` The great question that remains to be resolved is whether we have a congressional Watergate in the making . '' 
While the two are among the world 's biggest advertisers , most makers of upscale cosmetics spend relatively little on national ads . 
He will continue as a director . 
President Bush insists it would be a great tool for curbing the budget deficit and slicing the lard out of government programs . 
Bankers worry that if the government makes good a threat to withdraw its guarantee commitments , shippers will counter with a hail of lawsuits . 
Soon to feel the glare of attention are lawyers elsewhere in the state , doctors , dentists , and accountants , says Frederick G. Hicks , director of the tax-department division that develops the computer-matching programs . 
I was appalled to read the misstatements of facts in your Oct. 13 editorial `` Colombia 's Brave Publisher . '' 
'' Mr. Milunovich said he was revising his estimate for DEC 's current year from $ 8.20 a share to `` well below $ 8 , '' although he has n't settled on a final number . 
Mr. Lawrence says the exchange is updating some procedures to make speedier payments on claims . 
Shevardnadze said it took Gorbachev 's government four years to determine that the station 's location in Siberia violated the accord , as Western arms-control officials have long contended . 
As well as the M$ 1.23 billion in provisions announced on Oct. 6 , the restructuring package covers an additional M$ 450 million in provisions made in earlier years but never reflected in a reduction of the bank 's paid-up capital . 
A security guard at a cargo terminal , he wears a Sons of Italy jacket and cap celebrating `` The US 1 Band . '' 
For instance , some analysts believe bond returns and volatility have moved permanently closer to those of the stock market . 
Most of trading action now is from professional traders who are trying to take advantage of the price swings to turn a quick profit , he and other traders said . 
Not-held orders , which are also known as `` disregard the tape '' orders , are always done at the customer 's risk . 
The forfeiture memo cited `` considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . '' 
Visitors in his chambers say he could cite precisely the years , months , weeks and days remaining until mandatory retirement would force aside the presiding president judge , giving Judge O'Kicki the seniority required to take over as the county 's top court administrator . 
Mr. Ridley 's decision fires the starting pistol for perhaps a costly contest between the world 's auto giants for Britain 's leading luxury-car maker . 
The new breed of team owner , Mr. Jones included , has been fighting the NFL bureaucracy for a greater say in league affairs , and the battle has produced a form of organizational gridlock . 
The 88 mutual funds investing solely in junk bonds hold assets of about $ 32 billion . 
`` There are some witnesses who will be forced to testify about their meetings with senators . '' 
Corporate planners can plan again . 
Rather than printing devils , Shearson puts all the blame on the unpredictable stock market . 
But success for Unilever and P&G is far from guaranteed , as shown by the many consumer-product companies that have tried and failed to master the quirky beauty business . 
Province of Nova Scotia -- $ 250 million of 8 1\/4 % debentures due Nov. 15 , 2019 , priced at 99.775 to yield 8.28 % . 
Sea Containers , which unveiled a proposed restructuring , advanced 1 to 62 . 
A Boeing spokesman responded : `` All along the company has said there was no grounds for criminal prosecution . 
Fortunately , these same parents do want their children to get a decent education as traditionally understood , and they have enough common sense to know what that demands . 
In an interview with the trade journal Automotive News , Mr. Iacocca declined to say which plants will close or when Chrysler will make the moves . 
`` Belgium was closed for two days , France closed for a couple of hours , Germany was stuck . 
Although Mr. Paul has pared a $ 1.35 billion junk-bond portfolio to less than $ 900 million since April , the high-yield debt market has plummeted . 
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plan would miss projections by $ 100 million . 
Kellwood Co. said it completed a previously announced acquisition of Crowntuft Manufacturing Corp. , a New York-based maker of chenille robes and lounge wear . 
The Soviets complicated the issue by offering to include light tanks , which are as light as 10 tons . 
`` August is a month when people are paying school tuition , '' he said . 
`` For the last two and a half years , retailing has been in a mild recession , '' says Carl Steidtmann , chief economist at the Columbus , Ohio , consulting firm . 
`` Today , '' said Mr. Sisulu , `` the ANC has captured the center stage of political life in South Africa . '' 
Net income \* : $ 599.9 million ; or $ 20.20 a share 
However , peace efforts by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias have n't always helped the country 's cause in Washington . 
During the past year , government officials and leading business organizations have repeatedly urged Japanese companies to refrain from flashy real estate purchases in the 
Under terms of the loan agreement , Amdura said it will omit the next quarterly dividends on its Series A , B , C and D preferred shares , which are due Nov. 15 . 
Gallery directors , meanwhile , say Mr. Paul and others of his ilk have left an indelible mark on the art world -- and not for the better . 
Computer experts familiar with the flaws , found in Intel 's 80486 chip , say the defects do n't affect the average user and are likely to be cleared up before most computers using the chip as their `` brains '' appear on the market sometime next year . 
They should see to it that their kids do n't play truant ; they should make certain that the children spend enough time doing homework ; they should scrutinize the report card . 
Gary J. Schantz , 44 years old , was named president and chief operating officer . 
Uncertainty dogs every aspect of their lives . 
They said previous earthquakes suggested that multiple-column viaducts would stand up well , although they were working on ways to bolster them . 
And in financial markets , irrational behavior is sometimes translated into catastrophe . 
And while customers such as steel service centers are continuing to reduce inventories through the fourth quarter , they eventually will begin stocking up again , he notes . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER placed directly by General Motors Acceptance Corp. : 8.55 % 30 to 44 days ; 8.25 % 45 to 59 days ; 8.40 % 60 to 89 days ; 8 % 90 to 119 days ; 7.90 % 120 to 149 days ; 7.80 % 150 to 179 days ; 7.55 % 180 to 270 days . 
General unsecured creditors of the parent holding company initially will receive $ 14 million in cash , $ 22 million face amount of senior notes and 49 % of the new company 's stock . 
American Home Products , based in New York , agreed to recall four other products , trazadone , doxepin , diazepam and lorazapam , because of concerns about data submitted in their original approval applications before the FDA . 
Two old friends , George Bush and Deng Xiaoping , are trying to limit further damage to U.S.-China ties . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. said it will lay off 75 to 85 technicians here , effective Nov. 1 . 
`` We do n't want to bring back something the members will reject . '' 
All of the bidders contemplate full payment including interest to secured creditors . 
TCI said it may bring in other cable operators as investors , a practice it has employed in the past with investments in other cable networks , such as The Discovery Channel . 
The average six-month yield on a jumbo CD was at 7.90 % , down from 7.93 % , Banxquote said . 
Advancers on the Big Board lagged decliners 662 to 829 . 
While `` the tone '' of domestic and international air-freight markets remains sound , seasonal factors are likely to hinder Burlington Air from matching third-quarter results in the fourth quarter , Pittston said . 
No major booms , no major setbacks , '' he predicts . 
Mr. Glazer could n't immediately be reached to comment . 
The charities regularly sell used stamps , which they collect from children and other donors , to raise funds . 
Actually , Cervantes borrowed that quote from a writer of some 25 centuries earlier : Israel 's King Solomon wrote those words in the Book of Proverbs ( 22:1 ) . 
But Japanese bonds ended weaker . 
Do you think the British know something that we do n't ? 
Seventeen percent reported their customers being robbed . 
And they 've bought one . '' 
Any reorganization proposal , Mr. Sells said , is difficult to assess because it must be agreed upon by the company , bondholders , banks and other creditors . 
`` People change , teams change , '' he cautioned . 
`` People are promoting furs in various ways and taking the glamour out of the fur business , '' says Stephen Sanders , divisional merchandise manager for Marshall Field 's department store in Chicago . 
No politician wants to say what I just said , not for a minute . 
AGIP already has an oil stake in Libya . 
This portends consequences from what we have already done that will be very destabilizing to social and economic systems . 
He had been summoned to the Central Committee of the Soviet Communist Party , after he finished his lunch at the Savoy Hotel , an unlikely prelude to a bureaucratic brow-beating : Eight-foot-tall Rubenesquely naked ladies float on their canvases toward a ceiling teeming with cherubs , all surrounded by gilt laid on with a pastry chef 's trowel and supported by marble corinthian columns whose capitals are fluting fountains of gold . 
And those efforts are paying off : Spirits exports jumped more than 2 1\/2 times to $ 157.2 million in 1988 from $ 59.8 million in 1983 , according to the Distilled Spirits Council of the U.S. , a trade group . 
For the nine months Great Western posted net of $ 177.5 million , or $ 1.37 a share , a 5.9 % decline from $ 188.7 million , or $ 1.48 a share , in the year-ago period . 
`` You feel you want one more -- one more at-bat , one more hit , one more game . '' 
This is slightly adapted from remarks Oct. 7 by former Secretary of State George P. Shultz to an alumni gathering at the Stanford Business School , where he has returned to the faculty : 
He said the loss was n't `` that much different '' from Ford 's $ 37 million loss on U.S. automotive operations , but he declined to be specific . 
All this was recognized and documented in the succeeding years by economists , some of whom worked in the Reagan administration to lift this burden from the American people , states and local governments . 
-- `` Somehow , and I do n't know how , the game needs to be played for fun again , and not for the big bowl revenues or lucrative TV contracts '' . 
At first it attributed the slump to temporary business disruptions , but when no orders were logged in August and September , manager Donald Lai became convinced that business would be bad for many months . 
The boys with the white elephants on their sleeves might not have made the earth move much , but they certainly did some impressive things with baseballs . 
A Bankers Trust spokesman said that the company 's investment arm uses stock-index arbitrage to enhance investors ' returns . 
Without legal recourse , there are no guarantees of civil rights for anyone . 
Norman L. Owens Tempe , Ariz . 
Yesterday the company said it had filed a request with the Securities and Exchange Commission to withdraw the registration statement regarding the proposed swap . 
But the Makro chain , which operates as a joint venture between K mart and SHV Holdings N.V. of the Netherlands , has only six stores and annual sales that one analyst estimated at about $ 300 million . 
They looked at the miniature and saw a giant folly . 
Analysts are concerned that much of the high-yield market will remain treacherous for investors . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year rose fractionally . 
Viroqua serves about 3,000 access lines in western Wisconsin . 
He doubts a Bismarckian super state will emerge that would dominate Europe , but warns of `` a risk of profound change in the heart of the European Community from a Germany that is too strong , even if democratic . '' 
It falls to others to do the writing , directing and producing . 
In the so-called two-stroke engines , which are expected to get sharply higher gas mileage , each piston goes up and down only once to provide power . 
The current account deficit on France 's balance of payments narrowed to 1.48 billion French francs ( $ 236.8 million ) in August from a revised 2.1 billion francs in July , the Finance Ministry said . 
Mr. Levin , former head of EPA 's regulatory reform staff , adapted this from his November column for the Journal of the Air and Waste Management Association . 
Similar sentiments were voiced on Capitol Hill . 
$ 200 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1994 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 1\/2 % coupon at par via Yamaichi International Europe Ltd . 
The SEC has alleged that Mr. Antar aimed to pump up the company 's stock price through false financial statements in order to sell his stake and reap huge profits . 
Last week , Central Intelligence Agency Director William Webster publicly called on Congress to provide new interpretations of the assassination order that would permit the U.S. more freedom to act in coups . 
Mr. Castaneda 's office will reportedly issue warrants during the next six months for the arrest of another 10,000 federal employees . 
This is no longer true today . '' 
Mr. Stein said some retailers -- perhaps anxious about minimizing inventories -- appear to have held back on orders in September but have been ordering more heavily in October . 
While advertisers have long appealed to Texans ' state pride and prejudices , the latest trend has been sparked , in part , by the state 's recent hard economic times . 
The five units generated sales of about $ 1.3 billion in 1988 , almost half of Emhart 's $ 2.3 billion revenue . 
GTE Corp . 
Does the tyke have a good mind about to be wasted ? 
People who have seen SCI TV 's restructuring plan say it offers concessions by KKR and Gillett Corp . 
The majority cited Mr. Masson 's remark `` It 's me alone ... against the rest of the analytic world '' as warrant for the Malcolm fabrication . 
`` Then we had a real one in the afternoon . '' 
Mr. Wall , however , is a self-proclaimed `` child of the Senate '' and former staff director of its Banking Committee . 
`` But in the end , top management decided to follow the voice of the younger generation . '' 
The stock fell 75 cents . 
Still , Mr. Peladeau stuck with the venture . 
`` The next level down did doors . 
Dr. Starzl said the research has been largely financed by the National Institute of Health and by university funds , and that Fujisawa did n't give the hospital any grants . 
Mr. Fossett could n't be reached to comment . 
Bishops usually are worth slightly more than knights , but in this case Mr. Kasparov was left with a very dangerous knight and D.T. 's surviving bishop was reduced to passivity . 
He cautioned , however , that a `` tough tax-rate comparison '' may slow the company 's earnings growth for the current quarter . 
`` You 're in the catbird seat every day in this job , '' he says . 
But when it became clear that rates had stabilized and that the Fed 's credit-easing policy was on hold , bond yields jumped and prices tumbled . 
Margin rules determine the minimum amount of cash an investor must put up when buying a security . 
Rescue crews , however , gave up hope that others would be found alive under the collapsed roadway . 
That 's `` not bad , '' Mr. Sit says , but it sure does n't justify Block shares being priced at 15 to 16 times estimated earnings for fiscal 1990 . 
Fees 0.36 . 
In other markets : 
Experts predict the coming year will be characterized by flat or negative industrial growth , rising unemployment and a widening budget deficit . 
Another agency issue came to market yesterday . 
The energy of participating investors streamed into Tokyu Group shares , pushing prices of its companies up across the board . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
The Fed is responsive to , and can not help being responsive to , the more overtly political part of the government . 
His violin classmates included Shlomo Mintz , a protege of Isaac Stern who performed with major orchestras while still a student ; Cho-Liang Lin , who joined the roster of ICM Artists Inc. at the age of 18 ; and Nadja Salerno-Sonnenberg , who launched her career by winning the 1981 Naumberg Competition . 
Over the past decade , competitors have chipped away at the exchange 's share of the # 2.5 billion marine market in London , where half the world 's ships are insured . 
Pension funds rarely own as much as a 20 % stake in what is expected to be a publicly traded company . 
Nguyen Thi Thi is Vietnam 's entrepreneur of the 1980s . 
The move could pose a new challenge to Time Warner 's Home Box Office . 
And Resolution Funding Corp. said late yesterday that it will sell $ 4.5 billion of 30-year bonds Wednesday . 
For the PRI to stand a chance , Mr. Salinas has to press on with an economic program that so far has succeeded in lowering inflation and providing moderate economic growth . 
Meanwhile , the securities companies -- most of them smaller than the banks -- are seeking access only to limited kinds of banking that would n't open them to the full brunt of competition from the banks . 
A second phase of research , which is still being planned , will test reformulated gasolines on newer engine technologies now being developed for use in 1992 or 1993 cars . 
At the same time , shareholders approved the adoption of a rights plan and a super-majority voting approval requirement . 
John Bullock , senior partner of Deloitte in the U.K. , said `` the decision to start these proceedings has n't been taken lightly . '' 
Public Service of New Hampshire went up 3\/8 to 4 . 
b - Includes a $ 41.3 million gain on the sale of FiberCom . 
What 's more , Mr. Lang says he has what all publishers wish for : a bona fide niche . 
BankAmerica dropped 1 1\/4 to 29 1\/2 on 2.3 million shares amid rumors that the earthquake last week in the San Francisco area had caused structural damage to its headquarters building . 
But seesaw gyrations in the Dow Jones Industrial Average yesterday put Wall Street back in the spotlight and inspired market participants to bid the U.S. unit lower . 
`` Global warming means higher tides which will lower Venice by another 23 inches in the next 100 years , '' Giovanni Cecconi of the the New Venice Consortium said . 
The nation 's No. 2 aluminum company said earnings were hurt by lower prices for certain fabricated aluminum products , which typically follow price fluctuations of primary ingots . 
He does n't just walk off the mound and weep . '' 
Newport Beach operations differ from the Hollywood boiler rooms in style as well as in dollars . 
But it was Ted Kennedy who scored most effectively with his searing portrayal of `` Robert Bork 's America '' -- the parade of imaginary horribles that would follow logically , he claimed , from the positions Mr. Bork had taken over the space of two decades . 
The bonds are rated double-A by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and Standard & Poor 's Corp . 
On Monday , a letter from Mr. Skinner 's deputy , Elaine Chao , said the administration opposed the legislation `` in its present form . '' 
Each hour of Olympics and baseball in prime time will cost CBS $ 2.6 million to $ 2.8 million ; an hour-long drama costs only $ 900,000 , and it is aired twice . 
Rated single-A-3 by Moody 's and single-A-minus by S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. led the percentage decliners , dropping to 59 shares from 183,467 . 
Mr. Savageau says earthquake or not , San Francisco makes the list . 
The suit , which seeks class-action status , was filed in Delaware Chancery Court . 
Mr. Mark conceded that Colgate 's domestic business , apart from its highly profitable Hill 's Pet Products unit , has lagged . 
Many companies are hesitating . 
However , at a news conference Thursday , Mrs. Aquino backed the project and said her government was attempting to soothe the feelings of residents at the original site , adjacent to the government 's major petroleum refinery in Bataan province . 
StatesWest operates four twin-engine turboprop aircraft , connecting 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
Reinforcing such old building stock , Mr. Johnson said , `` comes down to money . 
That may be because Mr. Gargan , smarting at what he considered slurs on his membership standards made by the rival group , enrolled his dog , Beauregard , as a member of the IAFP . 
Mr. Bond blamed rising Australian interest rates and the acquisition of Bell Group `` with its very high levels of shortterm debt '' for producing a condition `` that was no longer sustainable . 
President Bush says he will name Donald E. Kirkendall to the new Treasury post of inspector general , which has responsibilities for the IRS ... . 
If a machine has a big computing task , Task Broker asks other computers in the network for `` bids '' on the job . 
However , the Fed limited the revenue that banks could earn from these new underwriting activities to no more than 10 % of the revenue earned from other securities activities long open to banks , such as dealing in U.S. Treasurys . 
Hearings have n't yet been set in Texas , Ohio and Kansas . 
However , Tesoro , based in Houston , already has rejected a suitor in the past year . 
`` We are the Golden State , '' Mr. Fazio said , `` and there is a certain amount of jealousy . '' 
They say that the earthquake , by preventing many banks from operating at full capacity , has given the Fed an additional reason to keep liquidity at a high level . 
They would like to retrieve some appliances on the second floor , but wonder if it 's safe to venture inside . 
The question for investors is , how to protect these returns and yet reach a little for additional gains . 
The National Association of Broadcasters in June adopted an agenda for revitalizing AM radio that includes , among other things , pursuing further FCC action on selecting an AM stereo standard and seeking a law requiring all stereo receivers to include AM stereo . 
Those hopes were dashed when the stock market put in a relatively quiet performance . 
Video Tip : 
Structural steel , which primarily serves the construction market , was especially hurt by a 15 % price drop , Mr. Bradford said . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
A Merc spokesman said the plan has n't made much difference in liquidity in the pit . 
In the first nine months of 1989 , Nixdorf said , sales rose 5 % amid good growth in selected areas such as banks and trading companies . 
Now this remarkable economic growth seems to be coming to an end because the government has not converted itself into a modern , democratic , `` developed nation '' mode of operation . 
Worth watching , although the music has lasted better than the plot or the humor . 
Goodson will pay the additional $ 20 million in settlement of the management contract . 
Last week , a Soviet delegation came to Japan to push more space technologies . 
Annualized interest rates on certain investments as reported by the Federal Reserve Board on a weekly-average basis : 
Since then she has become wealthy . 
`` In that sense , the whole debate is sort of a fraud , '' argues a Democratic Senate staff member . 
`` You need to capitalize on these moments when you have everyone 's attention , '' she says . 
Many aspects of the agreement were worked out Wednesday in Chicago , when Integrated senior managers met with about 150 representatives . 
I know that I 'm shouting into the breeze here as far as what we 're doing now . 
The Nestle acquisition includes a candy plant in Franklin Park , Ill. , which employs about 800 workers . 
In addition , Unisys must deal with its increasingly oppressive debt load . 
What triggered the latest clash was a skirmish over the timing of a New Zealand government bond issue . 
While IBM , Armonk , N.Y. , makes the bulk of the DRAMs it uses , it does n't make the equipment needed to produce those chips . 
`` We are trying to increase our flexibility , '' says Ellen E. Terry , a vice president at Ostrander Capital Management , the fund 's investment adviser . 
IBM , which gets about half its revenue and more than half its profit from mainframes , also announced upgraded operating system software that , together with the new hardware , lets customers do so-called batch processing as much as 60 % faster . 
First Executive Corp. said about 96 % of the rights to purchase its depositary shares and warrants have been exercised . 
He 's even able to think of a job that takes him out of the house 300 nights a week as an ordinary job . 
Virginia GOP lieutenant governor candidate Eddy Dalton tries to have it both ways on the abortion issue . 
His resignation follows a hostile takeover of the ad agency in May by WPP of Britain . 
As part of the quake recovery effort , the city Building Department has surveyed about 3,000 buildings , including all of the Financial District 's high-rises . 
`` We have one near here . 
In Europe , the dollar closed slightly up in a market dominated by cross trades . 
A slowing economy and the implication of lower inflation and interest rates tend to bolster bond prices . 
The two major structures that failed Tuesday night , he said , were both built well before the 1971 earthquake -- the San Francisco Bay Bridge , completed in the 1930s , and the section of I-880 , built in the 1950s . 
Michael Blair , former president and chief executive officer of Enfield Corp. , failed to win election to the company 's board at a special shareholder meeting . 
President Bush in June vetoed a measure passed by Congress and said he would n't accept any minimum-wage rise that went beyond limits he set early in this year 's debate on the issue . 
The first effects are , of course , negative as work is disrupted and people lose income and cut spending . 
William Carmichael , Beatrice chief financial officer , said favorable market conditions in September prompted the company to plan more debt than necessary . 
Mr. Trotter 's painting showed a wall of wood boards with painted ribbons tacked down in a rectangle ; tucked behind the ribbons were envelopes , folded , faded and crumpled papers and currency . 
The two offerings bring Fannie Mae 's 1989 Remic issuance to $ 31 billion and its total volume to $ 43.3 billion since the program began in April 1987 . 
At the scheduled time , Mr. Stone entered a conference room in a building near where he worked . 
Other institutional users reportedly include Marriott , which is moving away from fresh eggs on a region-by-region basis . 
If he calls you up , just tell him everything is fine . '' 
Spokesmen for Emerson and Vermont American , which has agreed to be acquired , said they do n't anticipate `` any problems '' with the completion of the transaction . 
Many loans are being renegotiated , especially those tied to the hotel sector , which has been hit hard by a post-June 4 tourism slump . 
A unified Germany that remained within the Western alliance would give Germany such an overshadowing position that all other members of a unified Europe would become vassals of the German state . 
To get around the delays caused by the optical device , Businessland , which is Next 's exclusive dealer to corporations , has for months been advising customers to purchase hard drives with the machines . 
If psychics do n't work , but your house still seems haunted , you can call any one of a swelling band of skeptics such as Richard Busch . 
State officials said the court 's ruling clears the way for proceedings to condemn buildings in the area . 
Mr. Krenz is not only closely identified with his mentor , Mr. Honecker , but also blamed for ordering violent police action against protesters this month and for praising China for sending tanks against student demonstrators . 
( The pro-choice lobby does n't . 
Company officials also said that any gain from the sale of Westinghouse 's 55 % stake in its transmission and distribution venture with the Swiss firm of Asea Brown Boveri will be offset by a restructuring charge in the fourth quarter . 
The two objectives most commonly thought to be legitimate competitors for the attention of the Fed are high employment and rapid real growth . 
But while the overall market improved , the new-issue junk-bond market continued to count casualties , even as junk-bond prices rose . 
But the proposed transaction calls for an exchange of the debt for new debentures of lower face value and reduced cash interest . 
Some want lower limits on house sizes ; others insist on progressively higher taxation for larger homes and lots . 
One of its futuristic concepts is the bubblelike Sneaker , which seats just one person in front and could hold a small child and bag of groceries in the rear . 
Trinova said it will close , move or overhaul 40 of its 170 manufacturing facilities and over the next three years cut 1,500 jobs from its current world-wide payroll of 22,300 employees . 
To mop up some of the 300 billion rubles in circulation , the government should encourage home ownership , including issuing bonds that guarantee holders the right to purchase an apartment . 
A `` concerning '' item the analyst cited was the 10 % jump in expenses , which the bank attributes to costs of expanding both its consumer credit-card operations and its overseas branch business . 
And the booming market has already attracted many of the nation 's biggest institutional investors . 
Two years later , he wrote to complain that the interest he was paying on an unsecured $ 10,000 loan was `` absolutely onerous . '' 
Having donated heavily to museums , they demand a place on their boards . 
The level of negative sentiment measured by the Big Board short interest ratio slipped to 3.36 from last month 's 3.38 . 
`` My feeling is { Cathay does n't } have a hope in the long run , '' says an analyst , who declines to be identified . 
Pinpoint Information Corp. , Chantilly , Va. , a producer of $ 1,800-a-year personalized newsletters about the computer industry that started full operation last month , relies on 12 human readers to code news releases by topic in order to select items for each subscriber . 
American Home Products Corp. proposes to acquire the company . 
It buys loans from lenders , packages some into securities for sale to investors and holds the remainder in a portfolio . 
In Geneva , where world trade talks are being held under the General Agreement on Tariffs and Trade , or GATT , the European Community called the U.S. proposal `` a step backward . '' 
But when they arrived at the door , all were afraid to go in , fearing that they would be out of place . 
The British carrier also confirmed it is n't committed to going forward with any new bid . 
`` But we will take it into consideration . '' 
Hostile takeovers are quite a new phenomenon . 
Some former strike-force personnel say the units have already begun to break up . 
`` Every broker has blocks of every size and maturity . '' 
`` It 's just a matter of marketing and promoting ourselves , '' says Headley Bell , a fifth-generation horse breeder from Lexington . 
Revenue for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell 20 % , to $ 41.3 million from $ 51.9 million in the year-earlier period . 
In Houston , we have seen how bad the housing problem can become . 
Harold W. Smith Sr. , chairman of Webster , will become chairman emeritus and a director of the new company . 
A `` big chunk '' of that additional spending came in the third quarter , he said . 
Hani Zayadi was appointed president and chief executive officer of this financially troubled department store chain , effective Nov. 15 , succeeding Frank Robertson , who is retiring early . 
Some members of the huge crowd shouted `` Viva peace , viva . '' 
If that money were being taxed , it could bring the government a badly needed several trillion yen . 
Meanwhile , inside the courtroom , the judge said he would fine attorneys for the two creditors $ 50 every time they referred to each other with terms such as `` liar '' or `` slime . '' 
Larry Drury , attorney for the plaintiffs , valued the settlement at between $ 6 million and $ 8 million . 
Merieux , a vaccine manufacturer based in Lyon , France , is 51%-held by French state-owned Rhone-Poulenc S.A . 
The institute said that , excluding semifinished steel products , year-to-date imports represented 15.2 % of consumption , compared with a permitted maximum of 18.5 % . 
One of those new computers , called Sparcstation 1 , accounted for nearly half of the 28,000 systems Sun shipped in the quarter , he said . 
In part , this division is dictated by economics : West Germany is a net exporter of capital while the U.S. is n't . 
Richard Firestone , chief of the FCC 's common-carrier bureau , said he expected the agency to propose new rules next year . 
Keepers of the books , dubbed `` figure filberts , '' loathed the threat . 
The newspaper said it is past time for the Soviet Union to create unemployment insurance and retraining programs like those of the West . 
Bally officials decline to discuss the situation . 
Because only a fraction of them are ever prosecuted , nobody really knows how much money bogus telemarketing operators really harvest . 
But Capital Supervisors sold the last of its H&R Block holdings earlier this year . 
The assembly plant is scheduled to resume production on Oct. 30 . 
Sales in the first half came to 159.92 billion yen , compared with 104.79 billion yen in the four-month period . 
AMR Corp. posted an 8.8 % drop in third-quarter net income and said the fourth quarter will be `` disappointing '' as well , primarily because of slimmer profit margins and increased fuel costs . 
Small neighborhood businesses could provide more jobs , if crime were not so harmful to creating and maintaining those businesses . 
David J. Lothson , an industry analyst for PaineWebber Group Inc. , said Johnson & Johnson 's results slightly exceeded his expectations for the third quarter . 
In 1987 , it pumped billions into the markets through open market operations and the discount window . 
Shearson says it has taped some of its institutional trading desks , such as commodities and futures , for about four years . 
What will Mr. Sagan do with his new theater building if the allure of Hollywood and Broadway proves too much for such Steppenwolf stalwarts as John Malkovich ( `` Dangerous Liaisons '' ) , Joan Allen ( `` The Heidi Chronicles '' ) , and Glenne Headly ( `` Lonesome Dove '' ) , and the company crumbles ? 
If whites want to play there by themselves , says consulting engineer Willem van Heerden , whites should also build it by themselves . 
Mr. Auvil , razor sharp at 83 , has picked and packed a zillion pecks of apples over the past 65 years . 
Nissan 's market share in Japan had been dropping year by year since the beginning of the decade . 
Even excluding the charge , however , net fell 5 % . 
During World War II , her uncomplicated view of life led her to the conclusion that the Nazis were evil and must be resisted , a decision made by only about 2 % of French citizens . 
Olin said its chemical segment had profit of $ 22 million , up from $ 15 million a year ago , largely because of gains in electrochemicals such as caustic soda . 
Taiwan officials are expected to review the Shearson application later this year . 
Stores in upper-income neighborhoods , for instance , will carry high-priced wines , publications such as Vanity Fair , gourmet pasta sauces , oat bran cereals and Weight Watchers and Pritikin products . 
By then it also hopes to begin producing a passenger car based on the Volvo 240 and selling for about $ 20,000 . 
According to executives close to the situation , Merksamer filed for Chapter 11 to speed the sale of the chain . 
Rail-transit operations suffered little damage , according to Albert Engelken , deputy executive director of the American Public Transit Association in Washington . 
A 10-gallon water cooler had toppled onto the floor , soaking the red carpeting . 
PARKER HANNIFIN Corp. , which is selling three automotive replacement parts divisions , said it will retain its Automotive Connectors and Cliff Impact divisions . 
These payments consisted of $ 54 million in scheduled payments and $ 121 million in prepayments , funded by $ 82.8 million from operating cash flow , zero-coupon subordinated debt and assets sales . 
There is the new private jet , the platoon of assistants , invitations to the best parties , and television appearances on shows such as `` Prime Time Live . '' 
It 's a downbeat , `` thirtysomething '' world , in which bright , still youngish people are engaged in a glossy version of day labor , doing free-lance , semi-professional work that brings little satisfaction or security but that they know they should be grateful to do . 
Time Warner is in the process of completing its acquisition of the remaining Warner shares . 
The company does n't expect any shipping delays . 
The funds are in addition to $ 1.1 billion appropriated last month to assist in the recovery from Hugo , bringing the total for the two disasters to nearly $ 4 billion in unanticipated spending . 
They believe technology is one of their best bets , and some Soviet officials say Moscow will even consider declassifying military know-how if the price is right . 
Hungary declared itself a democracy and for the first time openly commemorated the anniversary of the 1956 anti-Stalinist uprising that was crushed by the Soviet Union . 
In the merger , each share of Webster , based in Waterbury , will be converted into one share of the new company . 
Judge Harold C. Abramson raised the possibility after talks to end a feud between two major creditors failed and all three reorganization plans in the case ran into roadblocks . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
But many analysts believe that , given the attractiveness of paper companies ' cash flows , as well as the frantic consolidation of the paper industry in Europe , there will be at least a few more big hostile bids for U.S. companies within the next several months . 
Mr. Jackson showed up at the affair to sign autographs for a fee as well . 
If nothing else , the 57-year-old 's past has its share of dents . 
And that , naturally , exacerbates price movements . 
I 'm OK . '' 
In short , we have a movie and television industry that is either incapable or petrified of making a movie unless it carries a PG-13 or R rating . 
CHEVRON CORP. , San Francisco , oil company , annual sales of $ 25.2 billion , NYSE , had minor damage to downtown headquarters , but structural damage closed two of its seven buildings in San Ramone industrial park . 
Many companies will be negotiating their 1990 reinsurance contracts in the next few weeks . 
Skoal Daze 
Richard L. Sherman , 42 , will advise midsized businesses . 
Hurricane Hugo , an Atlantic storm , did n't affect Vista . 
I , for instance , was perfectly happy at Avery Fisher Hall the other day listening to Helmuth Rilling conduct the Messa per Rossini , a strange piece written by 13 different Italian composers to honor Rossini after his death in 1868 . 
There 's nothing in the least contradictory in all this , and it would be nice to think that Washington could tolerate a reasonably sophisticated , complex view . 
The canceled Shanghai loan leaves Asia Development , a small concern , saddled with a half-completed 32-story apartment building and heavy debts . 
B.A.T yesterday started its share buy-back . 
Shareholders must approve the merger at general meetings of the two companies in late November . 
Meanwhile , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 97 29\/32 , unchanged . 
More than 10,000 demonstrators had called for free elections and the resignation of Communist Party leader Milos Jakes . 
Plans are under way to open a Tiffany 's in Hawaii to cater to Japanese tourists ; it will be run mostly by Mitsukoshi . 
This bill simply says that if you want to develop property on a barrier island you have to do so without taxpayer support . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. , hammered by higher costs and lower shipments to key automotive and service-center customers , posted a 54 % drop in third-quarter profit . 
The engineering company was acquired in a takeover earlier this year by the giant Reliance textile group . 
`` It 's hard to know if people are responding truthfully . 
Then last spring , researchers reported finding a gene called p53 which , if impaired , turns healthy colon cells cancerous . 
Presidents Kennedy and Johnson were both big users of the impoundment power , but Congress saw its chance against a weakened President Nixon and stripped it away . 
Marks & Spencer plans to open roughly 18 more U.S. stores in the next five years . 
Sales were $ 730.1 million , up 7 % from $ 679.5 million . 
The ad campaign , created by Saatchi & Saatchi 's Backer Spielvogel Bates agency , is an extension of the auto company 's `` Cars That Make Sense '' campaign , which emphasized affordability . 
Connecticut -- $ 100.4 million of general obligation capital appreciation bonds , College Savings Plan , 1989 Series B , priced by a Prudential-Bache Capital Funding group . 
`` This time though , '' he says , `` I think we got it . '' 
In any case , he added , `` most institutions probably wo n't sell '' the bonds . 
The average interest rate fell to 8.292 % at Citicorp 's $ 50 million weekly auction of 91-day commercial paper , or corporate IOUs , from 8.483 % at last week 's sale . 
Insurance companies have been major buyers of prepayment-protected planned amortization classes ( PACs ) during the past few months . 
The company earned $ 66 million , or $ 1.19 a share , on revenue of $ 2.1 billion in the year-ago fourth quarter . 
`` That 's crazy . '' 
Next wo n't comment on when it will do the same , but is believed to have a color model under development . 
He favors a form of commercial rent control , which the financial community believes would make it more difficult to attract investment in the city . 
An adept bicyclist can leap from a dead stop to the top of a picnic table without losing balance . 
The company 's Excalibur will also appeal to families , of course . 
The ozone layer is constantly in motion and thus very hard to measure . 
The latest report compares with a modest 9.9 % increase in July machinery orders from a year earlier . 
Jeffrey T. Schmidlin 
ENERGY : 
The Toronto-based company , together with Tenneco Inc. of Houston , has had an incomplete proposal filed with Canadian regulators since 1984 that it is now updating . 
Which was about what Mr. Shields did , and quietly , until he resigned a few years later , pleading ill health , when the stuff hit the fan . 
Other observers note that UAL 's board , having accepted a bid of $ 300 a share , might hold out for a new bid much closer to the original level -- even if it means that the management goes back to running the company for a while and lets things return to normal . 
The group noted that 75 million francs of the advance reflected a one-time gain from the June offering by its United Westburne unit in Canada . 
Somewhere in between there must be a golden mean , perhaps measured by M-Whatever , but perhaps measured by purchasing power parity . 
July 18 , 1989 : 
Imports , then six million barrels a day , came primarily from Venezuela and Canada . 
X-rays , by contrast , travel straighter and can be focused more tightly than light . 
Some adjusters , like Alan Singer of San Diego , had been working in Charleston for nearly four weeks . 
`` He does n't signify what people want , so the unrest will go on , '' Mr. Oldenburg predicts . 
A two-day meeting of representatives of Cocom , the 17-nation group that oversees exports of sensitive goods to communist countries , did n't take any substantive decisions on trimming the list of items under controls . 
Investigating Jupiter in detail may provide clues to what astronomer Tobias Owen calls the `` cosmic paradox '' of life : Jupiter and other bodies in the outer solar system are rich in elements such as hydrogen that are essential for life on Earth , but these planets are lifeless ; Earth , on the other hand , has a diminished store of such material but is rich in life . 
Called Patients in the Know , the program features fact sheets designed to be easy to understand . 
The decision to put the entire collection on the block stunned many , since Mr. Dorrance had served as chairman of the Philadelphia Museum of Art , and it had been assumed many of the works would be donated to the institution . 
But Christies , Mr. Morishita insists , is happy to see him become a long-term stockholder . 
At 31 , Mr. McDuffie has a rich , full-bodied tone , an admirable rhythmic precision and an increasingly busy schedule . 
But even if no conscious life had evolved here at all , the universe is a big place , and given the right conditions , sympathetic to creating some form of life . 
It is the New Journalism come to television . 
Foreign Bonds 
The plastic resin is used in a wide range of products , including siding , pipe and electrical wire insulation . 
LIN now plans to dole out $ 42 a share in cash , up from the earlier $ 20 amount . 
Par said it selected him for the posts of president and chief executive on a permanent basis because of his experience in the industry and his performance at Par . 
Presidio said the properties are generally situated in Wyoming , North Dakota , Texas , Oklahoma and Louisiana . 
They were also as liberal or more liberal than any other age group in the 1986 through 1989 surveys . 
They say these are small prices to pay for galvanizing action for the all-important cause . 
Experts say that whatever a person 's particular weak point , timing is crucial . 
He believed colon cancer might also arise from multiple `` hits '' on cancer suppressor genes , because it often seems to develop in stages . 
Just a short span across the bay to the west , the quake also showed its mettle : A four-square-block area of the Marina District lies smoldering under a steady stream of seawater being pumped onto rubble to prevent it from blazing anew . 
Mattel Inc. said third-quarter net income rose 73 % , to $ 38 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 21.9 million , or 45 cents a share , a year ago . 
Most analysts think there 's little prospect the Contras can be a significant fighting force without U.S. arms , and after the February election their future in any form will be murky at best . 
The three most important things to understand about Mr. Allen is that he is a black conservative intellectual -- a triple threat to the liberal establishment . 
Bradford Crowe , director of the mayor 's City Economic Development Office , says : `` There is no question that Vermont-Slauson had a halo effect on the surrounding neighborhood . 
Did n't feel a thing , but noticed some strange bird behavior . 
`` We 're delivering a check for $ 750,000 to an automotive business in Berkeley that burned on Tuesday . '' 
But the median income of American families fell 0.2 % , the first time it has failed to rise since 1982 . 
The talks came as Lebanese negotiations on political changes appeared deadlocked . 
And David Riley , a federal examiner who worked under Mr. Scott , said he found his chief oddly upbeat about Lincoln . 
Alfred Harrison , the manager , shoves Mr. Straszheim 's handout back at him : `` Do we want to go through this ? 
Nobody proved that more masterfully than Mr. Coelho , the former Democratic majority whip . 
If the Senate plan prevails , the premium will be $ 33.90 , with the additional $ 4.90 going to pay for expanded hospital coverage under Part A of Medicare . 
`` Monitoring shows that the Natick team 's new system really does reduce cycle time for the morning package sort , '' reports James Barksdale , chief operating officer at Federal Express . 
RU-486 is being administered in France only under strict supervision in the presence of a doctor . 
Leverage is used only by some of the closed-end funds . 
First , he said , domestic interest rates are likely to stay at higher levels as increased anticipation of inflation followed rising consumer prices reported last week . 
He also noted that the Japanese , who had been buying at prices just above the $ 1.25 level , apparently pulled back from the market on Friday . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.55 % 30 days ; 8.45 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Sales of long-distance services , an extremely competitive market , rose 6.4 % . 
But no one else does . 
Or an interest in a retirement community in Nevada that will knock your socks off , once it is built ? 
Akzo is the leading seller of birth-control pills in Europe but is still seeking regulatory approvals to enter that market in the U.S. and Japan . 
Mr. Spielvogel said he hopes Mr. Achenbaum will do some strategic consulting at the agency for `` non-clients , in hopes that they become clients . '' 
When that agreement expires , Torstar will be free to increase its 22.4 % stake in Southam , or to make an offer for the whole company . 
An initial batch of Mr. Jackson 's checks was on sale at a baseball-card show held in San Francisco over Labor Day weekend . 
For Republicans who began this campaign with such high hopes , all of this is deeply frustrating . 
Werner K. Rey believes fortunes are made by being friendly . 
Albert Fried Jr. , a 59-year-old director and holder of a 9.5 % stake in the company , was named chairman of this maker of products for the construction equipment , material handling and railroad industries . 
That 's just what Joseph Granville expects . 
The company said it will use the proceeds of the offering for debt reduction and general corporate purposes , including acquisitions . 
The string of big junk bond defaults , which have been a major cause of the market 's problems this year , probably will persist , some analysts say . 
`` We 're finally getting -- and it 's been very painful -- some understanding of what the company 's long-term horizon should begin to look like , '' Mr. Eidsmo says . 
But when foreign traders tried to do business , they discovered that the eagerness of Chinese trade officials was just a smokescreen . 
Hercules dropped 2 5\/8 to 41 3\/4 on one million shares -- about six times its average daily trading volume -- after a disappointing third-quarter earnings report . 
The Denver-based concern , which emerged from bankruptcy-law proceedings late last year , is controlled by the Manville Personal Injury Settlement Trust . 
Global allocation funds take the asset-allocation concept one step further by investing at least 25 % of their portfolios outside the U.S. . 
`` Each one has a different agenda . '' 
Three days later , Mr. Lesk was named president and chief executive officer of Olga Co. , a competing intimate apparel division of Warnaco Inc . 
Asked the same question after his appearance , Democrat Florio identifies a staff member by name and explains her whereabouts today . 
In national over-the-counter trading Friday , SciMed shares tumbled $ 2.75 to $ 43 . 
The court left open whether FERC could reimpose a new deadline later . 
It also hopes to enter the U.S. market . 
But while the chip 's speed in processing power is dazzling , it 's real strength lies in its software inheritance . 
The U.S. argues that its plan would ease the transition to freer agriculture trade by converting certain non-tariff barriers into tariffs that , together with existing tariffs , then would be phased out over 10 years . 
The U.S. did n't openly oppose Cuba 's seating as the Latin American council delegate . 
He believes the tax code encourages the use of debt instead of stock and may fuel leveraged buy-outs , an area the SEC does n't regulate directly but one where it wields influence both on Wall Street and in Congress . 
He fusses endlessly over economic statistics , dissecting them in dozens of ways , probing for hours in search of potential problems . 
The agreement provides that Ikegai Corp. will remain a supplier to Ikegai-Goss , which makes printing presses for the newspaper industry . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit system , which runs subway trains beneath the bay , is braced for a doubling of its daily regular ridership to 300,000 . 
Tandy earned $ 88.8 million , or $ 3.64 a share , in the year ended June 30 . 
I 'm going to have to get another job this year just to eat . '' 
Quebecor still lags in the Quebec circulars market , while Mr. Peladeau 's former employees are expanding across Canada . 
Control Data , for one , plays down its employee suggestion program because it favors the team-management focus . 
I sense that it 's going to continue to grow . 
`` The market was pretty dull '' for most of the day , said Robert H. Chandross , vice president at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
The department is advising residents to plant Sagos , if they must , in the back yard and telling nurseries to be on the lookout for anyone trying to palm one off . 
In fact , they seemed a mite resentful . 
The vote in Ankara was boycotted by opposition politicians , who vowed to oust Ozal . 
Perhaps most striking , 35 % of households headed by people aged 18 to 44 have at least one foreign car . 
Mr. Kendrick is professor emeritus of economics at George Washington University . 
But quite a few money managers are n't buying it . 
While such changes might sound minor , they are n't : Merrill Lynch manages or oversees some $ 300 billion in retail accounts that include everything from mutual funds to individual annuities . 
CD yields are generally expected to fall further in coming weeks . 
However , in interviews later , both ministers stressed that they expect future OPEC quotas to be based mainly on the production capacity and reserves of each member . 
The St. Louis company said major rivals , Philip Morris Co. 's Miller Brewing unit and Adolph Coors Co. `` have been following a policy of continuous and deep discounting for at least the past 18 months '' on their premium brands , pricing their product as much as 25 cents a 12-pack below Anheuser 's Budweiser label in many markets . 
The buyers , these analysts added , could be either foreign or other U.S. concerns . 
Mr. McKinney will continue as chairman of the board and chairman of the executive committee of Banc One Indiana Corp. , the successor company to American Fletcher Corp. , but will no longer be active in day-to-day management . 
Earlier this week , Mr. Simmons objected to published reports quoting him as saying he planned to sell his Lockheed stake because `` the defense industry seems to be getting more uncertain . '' 
The defendants were indicted two years ago on charges that they conspired to defraud five thrifts of more than $ 130 million through a complicated scheme to inflate the price of land and condominium construction along Interstate 30 , east of Dallas . 
The new facility was to have been the world 's most advanced cereal manufacturing plant , and Kellogg 's largest construction project . 
Mr. Bush is plainly uncomfortable with the entire abortion question . 
The hotel is scheduled to open in 1992 . 
In the newspapers , on the radio and TV , psyllium is everywhere . '' 
The U.S. and Israel have been holding what an aide to Prime Minister Shamir called intense telephone negotiations in an effort to bridge differences over Mideast peace moves . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon-equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , which plunged more than 80 points in early trading Tuesday and then recovered nearly all of its losses by the close , fell 5.94 to 2653.28 in the latest session . 
`` That 's OK , '' Mr. Sagan replies . 
At least once an episode we see protestors marching around screaming slogans . 
Individual and Japanese participation in the auction was disappointing , according to dealers . 
Other conservatives thought to be on the administration 's short list include Washington lawyer Michael Uhlmann , who was passed over for the No. 2 job at the Justice Department , and Marshall Breger , chairman of a U.S. agency on administration . 
Analysts say investors remain skittish toward Salomon because of its volatile earnings . 
The sub-minimum wage would apply only to first-time teen-age workers for 90 days . 
Liberals may support the stabilizing , quasi-governmental role of the IMF on two conditions : that the administration give assurances that liberal Democrats ' support will not be used against them in congressional re-election campaigns ; and that the legislation address -- with dollars -- social and environmental concerns . 
That can be expensive , because the problem may not be noticed for a while , and the sheets are typically thrown away . 
For TCI , the investment in Showtime puts it in an unusual position ; as the largest cable operator , with control of close to 12 million of the nation 's 52 million cable subscribers , TCI is HBO 's largest customer . 
`` We are operating an information refinery that takes a broad stream of raw data and turns it into actionable knowledge , '' says Yosi Amram , founder and president . 
Lawyers at such firms as Sullivan & Cromwell ; Willkie Farr & Gallagher ; Wachtell , Lipton , Rosen & Katz ; and Fried , Frank , Harris , Shriver & Jacobson all say they , too , have experienced a significant slowdown , particularly during the past few weeks . 
It did n't disclose specifics but said it expects to complete the purchases by Nov. 1 . 
He succeeds Paul J. Montle , 42 , who will remain chairman . 
Cupboard doors were flying , the trash can in the kitchen walked a few feet , the dogs came running , and I scooted them into the dog run and stood in the doorway myself , watching the outside trash cans dance across the concrete . 
The sale , which had been expected , is part of KKR 's program to pay down $ 5 billion of a $ 6 billion bridge loan by February . 
Here in this new center for Japanese assembly plants just across the border from San Diego , turnover is dizzying , infrastructure shoddy , bureaucracy intense . 
Copper 
The rates were up from last week 's auction , when they were 7.37 % and 7.42 % , respectively . 
Japan is going on a capital-spending binge that could make its trade surpluses even harder to shrink . 
Nguyen Van Chan is living proof that old ways die hard . 
Lockheed Corp. said it will trim its Aeronautical Systems work force in California and Georgia by several hundred workers , reflecting the defense industry 's decline . 
Paribas said it will bid 1,850 francs a share for Navigation Mixte shares that qualify for a full yearly dividend , and 1,800 francs for those created July 1 , which are eligible for partial dividends . 
The $ 56 million of New York 's taxable general obligation bonds were priced to yield between 9.125 % to 9.90 % . 
He said Eaton 's quarter profit margin on controls was lower than he anticipated . 
Even though the announcement was true in the end , it was issued without the senator 's permission . 
However , last week Mr. Webster 's two top CIA deputies said congressional curbs had n't hampered the spy agency 's role in the coup attempt in Panama . 
Perhaps its loud signal may generate some awareness of the Soviet condominium being created in the isthmus thanks to U.S. default . 
Michael Swavely , president of Compaq 's North America division , attributed the company 's third-quarter performance to continued increases in international sales , which accounted for 43 % of the company 's sales , a 74 % increase from a year earlier . 
The company will save between C$ 4 million and C$ 6 million annually in office expenses and other administrative costs by moving to Calgary , Mr. Maier added . 
The statement angered Chairman Greenspan , but it was greeted with applause by the Bush administration and the financial markets . 
At this point , the options were : Crunch money to stop the boost in the aggregates , as Sir Alan surely advised , and forget the soaring pound . 
( During its centennial year , The Wall Street Journal will report events of the past century that stand as milestones of American business history . ) 
Czech reformers can recall the Wilsonian ideals of the same period in their country . 
The extrusion unit produces bare and painted custom extrusions for building products and construction industries . 
All the numbers were adjusted for normal seasonal variations in building activity . 
In the second quarter , American Pioneer reported a loss of $ 7.3 million , compared with net income of $ 1.1 million a year earlier . 
But our education proceeded at the hands of those others , who were merely competent and conscientious . 
But such a combination also presents great risks . 
In recent weeks Mr. Merksamer has approached a number of his suppliers and asked them to provide letters of intent saying they will continue shipping merchandise to the chain following the buy-out , say those familiar with the situation . 
Japan 's index of leading indicators rose to 63.6 in August , above the so-called boom-or-bust line of 50 for the first time since May , the Economic Planning Agency said . 
Mr. Lavelle faces a maximum of 20 years in jail and a $ 500,000 fine . 
Net loss : $ 100.2 million ; $ 1.90 a share 
Alternatively , it is to offer three Paribas shares for one Navigation Mixte share . 
The company just went public earlier this month . 
Consumer prices rose a surprisingly moderate 0.2 % in September , pushed up mostly by a jump in clothing costs , the Labor Department reported . 
With little competition , the computer industry here is inefficient . 
Federal Paper Board sells paper and wood products . 
He says his company 's prowess at packaging and marketing `` is why we 'll be good at Columbia . 
Explaining his change of mind , Mr. Straszheim says later , `` It 's hard to pin this on one factor . '' 
In September , Kellogg Co. launched a competing psyllium-fortified cereal called Heartwise . 
At the Baltimore firm of Weinberg & Green , new corporate and banking associates are required to enroll in a 20-class course . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
As for Ford , analysts expect the end of the Saab play will allow the U.S. auto maker to focus its resources on the intensifying struggle with GM for a stake in Jaguar . 
Coke now leads Pepsi in market share in caffeine-free diet colas but trails Pepsi in sales of caffeine-free sugared colas , according to Beverage Digest . 
Net also was aided by a gain on the sale of the company 's equity interests in South Africa effective Sept. 1 . 
He said that other participants in the conference `` do not believe that the rights of Americans should be guaranteed to citizens who are homosexual , '' but that `` I mean to persuade you to the opposite view . '' 
The forest-products concern currently has about 38 million shares outstanding . 
It levied the smallest number of suspensions of traders and fines of the four largest commodity exchanges studied over the past five years . 
The new product has performed well in a market test in Las Vegas , Nev. , Mr. Calloway said . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 3.10 to 376.36 . 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber tumbled 2 7\/8 to 43 7\/8 . 
But Eugene L. Nowak , an analyst at Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. , forecast that the sale will bring in `` $ 200 million or substantially more . '' 
ONCE YOU MAKE UP your mind about an investment , the rest is easy , right ? 
The company has said it wants to boost non-GM revenue to at least 50 % of its total business by the end of 1990 . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index climbed 5.29 to 340.36 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index added 4.70 to 318.79 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index climbed 2.65 to 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Officials say it is clear that alternate routes ca n't handle the overflow . 
Later , he marketed glue . 
`` I tried to steal the picture -- to buy it attractively -- and { Sotheby 's } would n't do it . 
And oh , yes . 
Analysts had mixed responses to the results . 
Fortunately , the Hubble Space Telescope -- set to be launched on the shuttle next year in a search for distant solar systems and light emitted 14 billion years ago from the farthest reaches of the universe -- was moved from Sunnyvale to the Kennedy Space Center in Florida at the beginning of October . 
`` Maybe I 'm a little stuffy , but I would n't sell them , '' sniffs Bob Machon , owner of Papa 's Sports Cards in Menlo Park , Calif . 
Weyerhaeuser Co. reported a one-time gain and strong wood-product sales that offset weakness in pulp and paper to fuel a 15 % jump in third-quarter net income to $ 166.8 million , or 78 cents a share . 
The proposal has set off a lively debate within an industry that was far from united to begin with . 
Cineplex traded on the New York Stock Exchange at $ 11.25 a share , up $ 1.125 , before trading was halted . 
Analysts agreed . 
`` In order to restore confidence and ensure the support of our principal lenders , '' Mr. Bond said , `` we embarked on fundamantal changes in the structure and direction of the group . '' 
Each time , the bank 's 90 % shareholder -- Petroliam Nasional Bhd. , or Petronas , the national oil company -- has been called upon to rescue the institution . 
LTV filed for protection under Chapter 11 in federal bankruptcy court in 1986 . 
THE CHECKOFF : Fiery ambition : 
M.B.A. candidates at the University of Pittsburgh earn up to $ 15 an hour on marketing or computer projects . 
Northwest , a unit of NWA Inc. , and McDonnell Douglas Corp. , which made the MD-80 aircraft , also are pursuing counterclaims against each other in the crash near Detroit Metropolitan Airport . 
Mr. Lego said the company foresees the need for a major boost in new-generation capability throughout the 1990s . 
Michael F. Harris , 53 , was named executive vice president , North America , for the Financial Times , the business newspaper published by this company that also has interests in book publishing , fine china , oil services and investment banking . 
Probing with the stimulators , National Institutes of Health scientists recently showed how the brain reorganizes motor-control resources after an amputation . 
Even rank amateurs can do it if they spend a few thousand dollars for a commercially available microwave receiver with amplifier and a VCR recorder . 
`` We could have sat on it longer , but the impetus is to get the gas to the marketplace , '' says Richard Poole , senior scout for Santa Fe International . 
Switzerland 's wholesale price index increased 0.3 % in September from August , and was up 3.9 % from a year ago , marking the first time this year that the index has fallen below 4 % on a year-to-year basis , the government reported . 
The earlier generation of `` our crowd '' bankers -- Belmonts , Warburgs , Lehmans , Baches and Schiffs -- had stressed above all probity , tradition , continuity and reputation . 
But , with the state offering only $ 39,000 a year and California 's high standard of living , `` there are n't too many to choose from , '' says Brent Scott , a recruiting officer . 
Two steps are necessary to translate this idea into action . 
But the oil ministers continue to study the plan , and it will probably be the basis for discussion at next month 's meeting . 
Sapporo Lion Ltd . ( Japan ) -- 50 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due Dec. 31 , 1994 , with a 0.25 % coupon at par , via Yamaichi Bank ( Switzerland ) . 
Ford said yesterday it will halt imports of the Merkur Scorpio , a $ 28,000 luxury sedan built by Ford of Europe in West Germany . 
An American Express Co. survey of its travel agents revealed that only 34 % believe their clients will pick a trip this winter based on the availability of winter sports , as opposed to 69 % who think that warm-weather sports will be the deciding factor . 
Western Digital does n't make the monitors . 
Of the four , only the bank and the plant drew bids -- one apiece . 
A senior dealer with Warburg Securities noted British Gas , the most active blue-chip stock at 20 million shares traded , was affected by the political implications of Mr. Lawson 's departure and Mrs. Thatcher 's cabinet shuffle . 
It is hoped that other Japanese would then follow the leader . 
Michael Rosen , president of Shop Television , said Penney decided to extend its involvement with the service for at least five years . 
The provisions , in deficit-reduction bills recently passed by the House and Senate , could further cool the takeover boom that has been the driving force behind the bull market in stocks for much of the 1980s , some tax experts and investment bankers argue . 
In the play 's major scenes Mr. Boyd demonstrates that he has a firm grasp of the Shakespearean dynamic . 
The payments are n't expected to have an impact on coming operating results , Linear added . 
Petrolane Gas Service 's 13 1\/4 % debentures traded at 102 , after trading around par earlier this week , and RJR 's 13 1\/2 % subordinated debentures of 2001 were at 101 5\/8 after trading at below par earlier this week . 
But sooner or later , most of us have to think about life insurance , just as we often have to think about having root-canal work . 
`` Canada could do plenty of things to get serious about Latin America without running the risk of getting caught in the cross fire '' between the U.S. and Latin American members of the OAS , said Jeffrey Simpson , a columnist in Toronto 's Globe & Mail newspaper . 
Computers that once were the state of the art , The marvels bought three years ago , Are now obsolete . 
`` For the past two years , the foreign trade sector has been a major contributor to economic growth . 
Mr. Carmon said he also presented the list last week to William Brown , U.S. Ambassador to Israel . 
Mr. Bush had threatened a veto previously . 
In England , Martin Leach , a spokesman for Lloyd 's of London , said the insurance market has n't yet been able to estimate the total potential claims from the disaster . 
Even if stock prices fully recover from Friday 's sharp decline , the unsettled conditions will frighten many investors . 
In fact , the last time they played this badly was in 1960 , their opening season . 
Mr. Patel resigned as senior vice president of Par in April . 
It wo n't be clear for months whether the price increase will stick . 
They merely collect campaign contributions from developers that help keep them in office . 
Texas Instruments , which had reported Friday that third-quarter earnings fell more than 30 % from the year-ago level , went down 2 1\/8 to 33 on 1.1 million shares . 
The carrier also seemed eager to place blame on its American counterparts . 
Federal Paper Board Co. said it completed the previously announced purchase of Imperial Cup Corp. , a closely held maker of paper cups based in Kenton , Ohio . 
Workers could dial out , but they could n't receive telephone calls . 
The company 's current management found itself `` locked into this , '' he said . 
Many issues `` bounced off the floor , '' Mr. Minella said , and benchmark junk issues `` recovered all of their losses '' from Friday and early yesterday . 
It was enjoyable to hear accomplished jazz without having to sit in a smoke-filled club , but like the first half , much of it was easy to take and ultimately forgettable . 
`` One of the three major markets in the world is getting chewed up pretty bad . '' 
Personal spending rose 0.2 % in September , the smallest gain in a year . 
U.S. District Judge Jack B. Weinstein of Brooklyn , N.Y. , ruled that a man implicated in an attack on an Israeli passenger bus in 1986 can be extradited to Israel for trial . 
Battelle 's Mr. McCall thinks steelmakers should concentrate more on construction . 
McCaw said the three independent directors provided for in the offer would be designated by the current board . 
But there was one bright spot yesterday . 
This creates several problems . 
They have a series with a good character , some interesting , even occasionally surprising plot lines , and they 're ruining it . 
LMEYER : 
`` Confidence was starting to come back because we did n't have wildly volatile days , '' says Tyler Jenks , research director for Kanon Bloch Carre & Co. , a Boston research firm . 
The people who tape the most buy the most . '' 
Sun Microsystems Inc. , a computer maker , announced the effectiveness of its registration statement for $ 125 million of 6 3\/8 % convertible subordinated debentures due Oct. 15 , 1999 . 
But unlike most patients , her roommate was her husband . 
The committee also has summoned Mr. Wall 's predecessor , Edwin Gray . 
Yesterday , the company introduced four products , three of which are aimed at a hot new class of computers called notebooks . 
What seemed like a good idea , to cast the Bridges brothers ( Jeff and Beau ) as the Baker brothers , actually turned out to be a good idea . 
And they have bought about $ 500 million in prepaid-tuition plans , offered in Michigan , Florida and Wyoming . 
Yet in 1989 , retail participation has been more than 20 % in every month , and was 23.5 % in August , the latest month for which figures are available . 
`` Indexing has been the most single successful investment concept in the last decade , but the index money has been just sort of sitting there , '' says Seth M. Lynn , president of Axe Core Investors Inc. , an indexer based in Tarrytown , N.Y . 
Last week another potential buyer , Whitehall Financial Group -- which had agreed in August to purchase most of Integrated 's core companies for $ 310 million -- ended talks with Integrated . 
Mr. Wood has been president and chief executive of Steep Rock Resources Inc . 
This year , Hoechst will produce about 62,000 tons of CFCs in factories in Frankfurt , Spain and Brazil . 
The company could be fined a maximum of $ 10,000 , or double the profit . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Analog Devices closed at $ 8.875 , up 25 cents . 
PS of New Hampshire amended its plan to call for two years of 5.5 % rate increases followed by five years of 4.5 % increases . 
`` We believe that there have continued to be indications of exchange-rate ` manipulation ' '' during the past six months , it said , citing the lack of market forces in South Korea 's exchange-rate system and the use of capital and interest-rate controls to manipulate exchange rates . 
By the end of the century scientists had embraced the system . 
PSE is a designer and operator of energy-cogeneration facilities and had 1988 sales of $ 234 million . 
`` You could say she survived , but it was n't easy on her . '' 
The OTC market 's largest stocks soared as well , as the Nasdaq 100 Index jumped 10.01 , or 2 % , to 463.06 . 
The jewelry chain , which is based in Sacramento , Calif. , had revenue of $ 62 million and operating profit of $ 2.5 million for the year ended June 30 . 
Unilab , which provides clinical laboratory services , competed with Central , based in Tarzana , Calif. , in a number of areas . 
They promised yet more for really good stuff . 
If the risks and rewards are reasonable , developers will respond . 
Messrs. Roberts and Stein could n't be reached for comment . 
An estimated $ 1.32 billion is provided for next year 's census , and negotiators stripped a Senate-passed rider seeking to block the counting of illegal aliens . 
The bonds ended about 1\/2 point higher yesterday . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Bankers Trust fell 12.5 cents to $ 50.50 . 
Other funds hold a smattering of junk bonds , too . 
Securities analysts , however , remained downbeat . 
The state has combed through records relating to architects , stockbrokers , lawyers in the New York City area , construction workers from out of the state , and homeowners who claim to be residents of other states -- especially Florida , which has no personal income tax . 
NBC 's winning streak has been canceled . 
The action came after the Senate approved the House-passed measure . 
The lightning moves show that the stock market remains fragile and volatile -- ready to jump at the slightest rumor -- a few days after its shocking 190.58-point plunge . 
Among other things , Innopac is involved in recycling polystyrene foam products that are often used by fast food chains , such as McDonald 's Corp. , for food packaging . 
He said that one of the computers took a three-foot trip sliding across the floor . 
That plan exceeded the numbers contained in his budget message by $ 45 billion . 
William Coors is their uncle . 
Dayton Hudson Corp. said it accepted for purchase seven million common shares at $ 62.875 each , under the terms of a Dutch auction self-tender offer . 
The Mexico-United States Institute is glad to see such a high official as Mexico 's undersecretary of finance view his country 's reforms `` in the context of a larger , world-wide process '' of profound change toward free-market economics , especially in the statist countries . 
Some abortion advocates have been asking themselves this very question . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Like Brecht , and indeed Ezra Pound , Ms. Bogart has said that her intent in such manipulative staging of the classics is simply an attempt to `` make it new . '' 
Proceeds from the note sale will be used to repay a portion of the bank borrowings used by Beatrice to redeem its $ 526.3 million principal amount of increasing rate debentures in August . 
The complaint alleges that the price is `` unfair and grossly inadequate '' and that the defendants are seeking to ensure a `` lockup '' of the purchase of Unitel , thereby discouraging other bids . 
The Corsica and Beretta make up the highest-volume car line at Chevrolet , but sales of the vehicles are off 9.6 % for the year , and fell a steep 34 % during early October . 
The chairman promised Mr. Stone a decision within two weeks . 
The dividend cut will prove most costly for John K. Hanson , Winnebago 's founder and chairman . 
Senate Banking Committee Chairman Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich . ) has also returned contributions he received from Mr. Keating a year ago . 
Most of the cases have been in California , where one agent was stabbed and another was shot and killed . 
Conceivably , in a scaled-back buy-out , they could be bumped back to coach seats for life . 
Stores in Hispanic areas will stock an assortment of Spanish-language magazines , Mexican cooking items and candies . 
Consumers , credit cards in hand , are n't running amok through the shopping malls -- or putting the economy at any great risk . 
In April , when many of them bought their CDs , six-month certificates were yielding more than 9 % ; investors willing to look could find double-digit yields at some banks and thrifts . 
The U.S. trade deficit swelled to $ 10.77 billion in August , prompting worries that the nation 's export drive had stalled . 
The French chemical giant would hold an 80 % share of the U.K. market for salicylic acid , methyl salicylate and bulk aspirin . 
The group 's resilience gets its first test today when 30 top pilot union leaders convene outside Chicago in a previously scheduled meeting . 
Flush with cash at home , but with fewer customers to lend to , leading banks are eager to expand overseas . 
It is also the sovereign power that , come 1997 , will take over this British colony . 
Sales were $ 2.14 billion , up 1.6 % from $ 2.11 billion the previous year . 
This year he produced a men 's line and offers dyed furs in red , cherry red , violet , royal blue and forest green . 
Circuit breakers , designed to give the markets a breather in cases of sharp price movements , curb trading of futures or stocks at various trigger points . 
The egg producers also lobbied the Food and Drug Administration . 
Not only does your product have to be excellent , but you also have to be able to collect . '' 
Now , at least some predictability has returned , for everyone from economists to motorists . 
Alter some details of this example and it could be taking place today at Federal Express in Memphis , the Defense and Underseas Systems divisions of Honeywell in Minneapolis , a General Electric plant in Columbia , Md. , or a number of other companies . 
For American car buyers , the proliferation of choice is both liberating and confusing . 
The House version of the legislation would kill that deduction , and label any such debt as equity , which is n't deductible . 
In addition , global petroleum demand has been climbing . 
The partnerships said they may seek board representation , and they may seek the support of CACI 's board and other major shareholders in connection with their plans . 
Ramada gained 7\/8 to 11 1\/4 after revamping the terms of its restructuring plan , which calls for the company to sell its hotel operations for $ 540 million and spin off its casino business to shareholders . 
Integrated said that it would continue to pursue `` other alternatives '' to sell the five core companies and that a group of senior executives plans to make a proposal to purchase three of the companies -- Integrated Resources Equity Corp. , Resources Trust Co. and Integrated Resources Asset Management Corp . 
`` Such a deadline is attainable , but it would have costs , '' Mr. Greenspan told Rep. Neal 's monetary policy subcommittee . 
Susan Rogin , a consultant to abortion-rights activists in the state , takes comfort from the fact that the state 's House abortion opponents `` have n't been able to muster the votes to overturn a veto on abortion in 16 years . '' 
With newly installed escalators , the store retains its signature wood-and-brass look but is less intimidating . 
Back in the U.S.A. this kind of chi-chi airborne activity wins heartwarmingly covetous responses . 
Texaco has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million . 
But the spokesman added that while Michael will earn less than last year 's $ 1.20 a share , it thinks Street estimates of $ 1 or so are low . ) 
The closely held Sunnyvale , Calif. , company also will announce an agreement to supply computers to Control Data Corp. , which will sell Mips machines under its own label . 
In January , the New York Merc signed a letter of intent with the Chicago Merc as a preliminary step to joining their electronic system called Globex . 
Late in the day , Mr. Wolf issued a onepage statement calling Mr. Peterpaul 's blast `` divisive and uncalled for . '' 
`` In the long run , the { stock } prices will go up . '' 
Federated ran into a cash crunch after it was acquired last year by Campeau , which relied heavily on debt to finance the transaction . 
After hours of negotiating that stretched late into Thursday night , underwriters priced the 12-year issue of resettable senior subordinated debentures at par to yield 14.75 % , higher than the 14.5 % that had been expected . 
As their varied strategies suggest , there is more than one way to respond to a disaster -- though it 's too soon to tell whether the changes will pay off . 
Japan does n't have enough AIDS patients to do significant experimentation in that country , they said . 
The investment bank has previously announced that as part of its punishment it would create an independent foundation to promote ethical behavior in the securities industry . 
The series is scheduled to resume Tuesday evening in San Francisco . 
In presenting the study late last week , Dr. Warshaw estimated the cost of these types of disorders to business is substantial . 
`` The upside was in the intangible real estate ... which is no longer an intangible . '' 
Chandler might have been predicting the course of his own career . 
One dealer , Martin Zimet of French & Co. in New York , says he `` would have loved to buy '' a Jan Davids de Heem painting from the bank . 
But Rep. John Bryant ( D. , Texas ) , the lead counsel for the House managers who conducted a lengthy inquiry into Judge Hastings ' activities , said `` a mountain of evidence points to his certain guilt . '' 
The conference , held in Lower Silesia , was co-sponsored by the Environment Ministry , the Rockefeller Brothers Fund , and the Polish Ecological Club , and was attended by 50 Poles from government and industry , as well as Hungarians , Czechs , Russians , Japanese and Americans . 
These figures are n't seasonally adjusted . 
In Birmingham , which is 57 % black , whites are the minority . 
Perhaps the ethics of an industry 's leader filters down and is one of the factors that ultimately shapes consumer trust in that industry . 
Operating profit rose threefold to $ 18 million , from $ 6 million . 
Under the law , Gramm-Rudman 's across-the-board-cuts in federal programs are supposed to be permanent . 
Mr. Zipper said the market is still settling down after the recent correction . 
When he arrived in the U.S. in 1969 -- the start of an eight-year tour -- he tried selling Japanese yen-denominated bonds to U.S. investors . 
ABC , a unit of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , and General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co. also risk losses if they outbid CBS for other contracts . 
( There are seven major languages and more than 70 dialects in the country . ) 
The increase reflects spending on the S&L rescue as well as payroll and Social Security checks normally issued in October that were issued in September this year because Oct. 1 fell on a Sunday . 
`` I want to know who made the decision that it was safe for 186,000 people to use every day , '' said Richard Katz , a state legislator who is chairman of the California Assembly 's transportation committee . 
He said it also agreed to sell a portion of its European real estate unit for $ 37 million . 
But East Germany is merely `` the land of truly existing socialism . '' 
Amerada Hess and Occidental Petroleum had gains . 
We had great success in Somalia . 
Book value per share , which is based on investments at cost , was a negative $ 6.69 a share . 
After years of quarreling over Bonn 's `` Ostpolitik '' , West Germany and the U.S. appear to have shifted onto a united course in Eastern Europe . 
Hughes Aircraft Co. , a General Motors Corp. unit , said the Intelsat VI commercial communications satellite is set to be launched Friday . 
Nixon , Hargrave , Devans & Doyle , based in Rochester , N.Y. , has opened an office in Buffalo , N.Y ... . 
Previous talks between Pittston , of Greenwich , Conn. , and the union have been sporadic and unsuccessful . 
In the first nine months , profit rose 10 % to $ 313.2 million , or $ 3.89 a share , from $ 283.9 million , or $ 3.53 a share . 
There are , of course , analysts who view the near-panic that briefly swept through investors on Oct. 13 and again on Oct. 24 as momentary lapses of good judgment that have only temporarily undermined a healthy stock market . 
Apogee said the charge stems from a building supply contract in which the company guaranteed a contractor 's performance . 
They divert law-enforcement resources at a time they are most needed for protecting lives and property . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
Coastal , a Houston oil and gas company , said it expects to begin operations in October 1990 . 
It is the right-wing guerrillas who are aligned with the drug traffickers , not the left wing . 
`` This is n't a new kind of union leadership , it 's a new Mexico . 
The campaign so divided union leaders that the government found them far easier to control . 
Advances in aircraft fuel efficiency over the years made a Shannon stop unnecessary for most Western air fleets , but Aeroflot still flies inefficient Ilyushins that ca n't make it from Moscow to Managua on one hop . 
Coastal would n't disclose the terms . 
The experiments involve encircling a thin rod of palladium metal with a wire of platinum and plunging the two electrodes into `` heavy '' water in which the hydrogen atoms are a doubly heavy form known as deuterium . 
`` On the comptroller side , you 're developing and making work financial controls governing a $ 6 billion budget . 
First , by making management focus on short-term results , they inhibit building for the future -- just the opposite of Japan . 
Fleet also noted that , unlike other banking companies in the Northeast , it has been only marginally hurt by nonperforming loans that have resulted from the slumping regional real estate market . 
PRIME RATE : 10 1\/2 % . 
In the nine months , net fell 3 % to $ 106 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 110 million , or $ 1.05 a share . 
Last year , the company had a nine-month loss of $ 15.1 million , or 23 cents a share . 
`` We think these trends will continue and will produce a very disappointing fourth quarter as well , '' he said . 
Former Patterson , N.J. , principal Joe Clark was no doubt the general public 's first experience with this new breed of no-nonsense administrator . 
Mr. Lorin , a stock promoter , pleaded guilty to the stock-manipulation charges in April and agreed to cooperate with the government 's investigation of Mr. Laff . 
This film did emphasize how long the Israeli\/Palestinian stalemate has existed by tracing the conflict to the days of World War I when the British tried to guarantee both a Jewish state and a Palestinian state without specifying how it was to be done . 
Soybeans averaged $ 5.28 a bushel , down 42 cents from September ; corn averaged $ 2.20 , down seven cents , and sorghum grain averaged $ 3.61 for each hundred pounds , down 19 cents , according to the department . 
The `` seismic '' activity of a financial market bears a resemblance to the seismic activity of the earth . 
We would even save on freight . '' 
The executive recalls Mr. Corry whispering to him and others , `` Remember , this was Dave 's deal . '' 
But for all their intellectual and stylistic differences , they make the perfect `` good cop , bad cop '' team , Hollywood associates say . 
The failure of the Saab talks `` makes it even more crucial for { Ford } to be victorious '' in the Jaguar contest , said Stephen Reitman , European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew in London . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
The left also is critical of the style of the Socialist government -- a remarkable parallel to the situation in Britain . 
Portfolio managers say sweeteners like equity kickers and stricter protective covenants may increasingly be required to sell junk-bond deals . 
The unit said it can provide no assurance a transaction will occur . 
This category now accounts for about 19 % of admits and 22 % of registrants . 
The successful launch continues a remarkable recovery in the U.S. space-science program . 
Meanwhile , the FEMA announced a toll-free telephone number ( 800-462-9029 ) to expedite service to victims of the earthquake . 
Certainly not the lawyers . 
The completion of the merger agreement follows months of twists and turns . 
-- Mimi Kay . 
`` I upgraded the firm to my buy list because I certainly see signs of improvement , '' says Lawrence Eckenfelder , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities . 
But at least they show up . 
Starpointe Savings Bank rose 3 to 20 after the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. approved Dime Savings Bank of New York 's $ 21-a-share acquisition of Starpointe . 
But some Japanese government officials and businessmen worry that the prominent purchase is just the sort of deal that should be avoided for the time being . 
Meanwhile , `` the bottom end of the market is becoming less loyal , '' says Laurel Cutler , vice chairman of the ad agency FCB\/Leber Katz Partners . 
Last week 's best and worst performing stocks among those issues that make up 80 % of the world 's stock market capitalization ( in local currency ) 
United Education & Software posted a $ 250,000 bond against potential losses to the student aid commission and to taxpayers in guaranteeing any more loans for National Technical Schools students prior to the hearing . 
Instead , the group is raising the proposal informally to try to test the board 's reaction . 
Such transactions numbered 670 in the second quarter , up from 527 a year earlier . 
However , the company also lost orders because of prolonged labor talks in the second quarter . 
We reinvented it . 
After that , the layout had been easy . 
In the 12 months ended in September , wages and salaries of private-sector workers rose 4.4 % , while health insurance costs spurted by 13.7 % . 
As a result , indexers have been looking for ways to give investors something more than the average for their money . 
The answer , say academic researchers , money managers and investment specialists , is yes -- as long as you approach the stock market as an investor . 
`` Business across the country is spending more time addressing this issue , '' says Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) . 
A Ford spokesman said the Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker is n't aware of any injuries caused by the windshield problem . 
Mr. Bince , the trust 's associate executive trustee , declares the bidding a failure . 
The offering , with an expected average life of 3.2 years , will float monthly at 20 basis points above the rate on an index of 30-day double-A-rated commercial paper , which now yields about 8.50 % . 
The Big Board 's composite index was up more than 1.4 % , and the Dow Jones Industrial Average jumped 1.6 % . 
And it treats such activities in a frivolous , cavalier fashion , with total indifference to common sense and public safety . 
We cruise toward another set of pilings . 
Others question the impact on Chivas 's upscale image of a promotion that has customers soaking off labels . 
COMPARE P\/E RATIOS WITH PROSPECTS . 
CMS Energy Corp. said it would begin paying a 10-cent-a-share quarterly dividend , the company 's first since 1984 . 
COCOA : 
An inquiry into his handling of Lincoln S&L inevitably will drag in Sen. Cranston and the four others , Sens. Dennis DeConcini ( D. , Ariz. ) , John McCain ( R. , Ariz. ) , John Glenn ( D. , Ohio ) and Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich . ) . 
In countries such as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapore , economies are growing , resulting in a rise in disposable income that consumers can use for soft drinks . 
Mr. Staloff , 44 , was a senior officer of the Philadelphia Stock Exchange and is considered a specialist in new financial products . 
Hoechst AG said it will stop producing fertilizer in 1990 because of continued losses and a bleak outlook . 
Skeptics say the slightly higher returns are n't enough to compensate for the extra risk . 
The bank holding company will auction another $ 50 million of commercial paper in each maturity next Tuesday . 
Mr. Schwarz 's father was a U.S. Trust trustee until 1974 . 
Born in a Baltic town in an area which is now part of Poland , he has dedicated his life to the party apparatus . 
Among gold stocks , Drexel likes Battle Mountain Gold Co. , Newmont Gold Co. and Freeport-McMoRan Gold Co . 
`` If you believe that a good performance next year is contingent on an acceleration of revenue , there is n't a lot here to base optimism on . '' 
Nissan has increased earnings more than market share by cutting costs and by taking advantage of a general surge in Japanese car sales . 
Although Paribas denies it , analysts say the new bid in part simply reflects the continuing rivalry between France 's two largest investment banking groups . 
The suites are air-conditioned , have wet bars and plush seating , and offer a clear view of the field -- all for a sale price of $ 475,000 to $ 1 million , depending on their size and location . 
Union Bank of Finland -- 100 million Australian dollars of 9 % bonds due Nov. 9 , 1990 , priced at 94 to yield 17.20 % less full fees , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
One solution would be to sell the shipyard to an outsider . 
The company has promptly paid all its expenses and obligations since March 16 , a Maxicare spokesman said . 
Only one in four companies with flexible benefit plans lets workers buy or sell vacation days , consultant Towers Perrin says . 
For most of the past nine years , he has striven to convince anti-abortion activists of his stalwart support for their position . 
The new stock baskets `` are going to make it easier for program trading to be done . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.35 % six months . 
The shutdown will idle 2,000 hourly employees and eliminate production of about 1,300 medium and heavy duty trucks . 
No one panicked , '' a spokeswoman says . 
Whether desirable or not , this is a child-care program , not an educational program . 
And IBM worries that the Japanese will take over that equipment market , too , unless U.S. semiconductor companies produce enough memory chips here to keep U.S. equipment makers healthy . 
The Circus Circus lures them with low room rates , inexpensive buffets and entertainment for children at no extra charge . 
Besides Bond Corp. , British Satellite 's other backers include Pearson PLC , Reed International PLC and Granada Group PLC . 
The same partnership is now crucial to Mr. Courter 's fortunes , but the abortion issue is only a reminder of the gap between his record and that of the more moderate , pro-choice Gov. Kean . 
( Reliance floated a $ 357 million petrochemical company in 1988 that was , at the time , the largest public issue in Indian history . ) 
Maybe we need a CIA version of the Miranda warning : You have the right to conceal your coup intentions , because we may rat on you . 
It is setting up a special team in charge of international markets and training workers to do business abroad . 
`` Interest by Japanese investors was limited , '' said Michael Moran , chief economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
Continental gave up some of its recent gains , dropping 8 to 338 , as rumors of an impending takeover attempt for the tiremaker faded , brokers said . 
We can only wonder who will be the next lost soul chosen to be America 's Celebrity Convict . 
The Federal Election Commission clears corporate plans to donate to an employee 's chosen charity in exchange for the worker 's gift to the company political action committee . 
`` It is close to being a record undersubscription , '' said Bob Bucknell , an analyst with London broker Smith New Court Securities . 
But due to dramatic events on the battlefield over the past few days and weeks , those Soviet bases may soon be as endangered and as lonely as the American runway . 
Some laggard food issues attracted bargain-hunters , traders said . 
For the six months ended Aug. 12 , Provigo posted net income of C$ 6.5 million , or eight Canadian cents a share , compared with C$ 18.1 million , or 21 Canadian cents a share , a year earlier . 
Mandom Corp . ( Japan ) -- 80 million Swiss francs of privately placed convertible notes due March 31 , 1994 , with fixed 0.25 % coupon at par , via Nomura Bank Switzerland . 
Since the spill last March , Exxon and the state have been wrangling over whether spraying dispersant on the oil in the first hours after the spill , when the weather was clear and calm , would have helped limit the environmental damage . 
`` Over the next couple of years we would not be surprised to see Europe and international { sales } represent 50 % of the company 's revenues , '' he said . 
After long stretches of this attendant ground activity came 20 or so lovely minutes of drifting above the Vosges watching the silver mists rise off the river and the French cows amble about the fields . 
`` I ca n't believe they ( GM ) will let Ford have a free run , '' said Stephen Reitman , a European auto industry analyst at UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
`` If K mart ca n't get its act together in discounting , why is it spending time worrying about other growing markets ? '' 
Valhi Inc. , another of Mr. Simmons ' companies , responded to an article Monday in The Wall Street Journal , which credited a story in the Sunday Los Angeles Daily News . 
Pension Reserves : Holdings by pension funds . 
Newspapers are full of headlines about companies defaulting on their debts and banks writing off real estate loans . 
`` We have always taken smaller accounts , but now we are looking for smaller accounts that will grow , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
Complete details were n't immediately available . 
In addition , the bank has an option to buy a 30.84 % stake in BIP from Societe Generale after Jan. 1 , 1990 at 1,015 francs a share . 
House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) helped secure $ 49.7 million for his state , or more than double the Pentagon 's budget . 
The year earlier , the company had a net loss of $ 4.3 million , or 20 cents a share , based on 21 million common shares and dilutive equivalents outstanding . 
There is a fundamental conflict between providing a subsidy and maintaining the integrity of a credit program . 
About 400,000 commuters trying to find their way through the Bay area 's quake-torn transportation system wedged cheek-to-jowl into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited forlornly for buses yesterday . 
This article is adapted from one in the October American Spectator . 
Junk bonds ended about one-half point higher with so-called high-quality issues from RJR Capital Holdings Corp. and Petrolane Gas Service Limited Partnership rising one point . 
Consumer Durables : Automobiles , appliances , furniture . 
Veiling his message has helped him endure . 
Finnish conglomerate Nokia Oy AB said it reached an agreement to buy Dutch cable company NKF Kabel B.V. for 420 million Finnish markka ( $ 99.5 million ) . 
Many in Washington say President Bush will have to raise taxes to pay for his war on drugs . 
The computer 's miscalculation has been painful for Renaissance . 
Dow officials were signaling that the company would earn less than $ 15 a share this year even before they announced in July a plan to acquire 67 % of Marion Laboratories Inc . 
The Senate Commerce Committee already has approved similar legislation . 
The machine can run software written for other Mips computers , the company said . 
The filing also said the trust is considering a sale of Manville securities in the open market ; an extraordinary dividend on the common stock ; or a recapitalization of Manville . 
The week 's other notable indicators include mid-October auto sales , September durable goods orders as well as September personal income , personal consumption and the saving rate . 
And the Columbia , Md. , company may have to settle for a lower price , he adds . 
`` It should read , `` Have You Anything Left ? '' 
The profit rate is still low and the Q ratio was only 65 % in 1987 and 68.9 % in 1988 . 
Per capita income , a widely used measure of a nation 's economic health , hit a record in 1988 , rising 1.7 % after inflation adjustment to $ 13,120 . 
`` I personally do n't enjoy seeing players who I remember vividly from their playing days running about and being gallant about their deficiencies , '' says Roger Angell , New Yorker magazine 's resident baseball sage . 
Despite the narrowing of the monthly trade gap , economists expect the current account deficit for all of 1989 to swell to about # 20 billion from # 14.6 billion in 1988 . 
`` I 'm afraid of a popular revolt if this situation is n't corrected , '' he adds . 
This somewhat-ambiguous assessment moves one Alliance portfolio manager to ask : `` So , what is this -- a Stealth recession ? '' 
The abrupt management change sparked widespread speculation that Mr. Roman had been pushed out of Ogilvy 's top spot by Mr. Sorrell . 
The stock market reacted strongly to the news . 
`` You see these in just about every LBO , '' said Robert Willens , senior vice president in charge of tax issues at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in New York . 
Alan McKim , chief executive officer of Clean Harbors said he was `` very much encouraged '' by the official 's praise of Clean Harbors for the quality of some of the data in the report . 
Mr. Smith , 39 , retains the title of chief financial officer . 
No employee or vendor would be involved . 
The only securities so far to be singled out are those issued by Bay View Federal Savings & Loan . 
It announced a 52 % plunge in pretax profit for the latest year . 
Of course , that is n't really the case . 
Industry watchers agree that Brooks Brothers is long overdue in updating its buttoned-down image , which has stunted its growth . 
Aetna Life & Casualty gained 1 3\/8 to 61 1\/8 , Cigna advanced 7\/8 to 64 3\/4 , Travelers added 1\/2 to 40 3\/8 and American International Group rose 3 1\/8 to 107 3\/4 . 
A subsidiary of a Taiwanese holding company with world-wide sales of $ 150 million , Giant is one example of the sudden globalization of Mr. Sinyard 's once-cozy market niche . 
The Big Board says program trading describes a variety of strategies involving the purchase or sale of a basket of 15 or more stocks . 
Many troubled properties have n't been foreclosed on and are hard to identify , says Albert I. Berger , who heads the Secaucus , N.J. , office of Helmsley-Spear Inc. , a real estate brokerage . 
The plastics plant is located on an 800-acre tract in the heart of the petrochemical corridor that reaches along the U.S. Gulf Coast . 
Among other software issues , Autodesk jumped 1 1\/4 to 42 , Lotus Development was unchanged at 32 1\/2 , Novell jumped 7\/8 to 30 3\/4 , Ashton-Tate gained 1\/4 to 10 5\/8 , and Oracle Systems rose 3\/4 to 25 3\/4 . 
Consumers Power Co. , now the main unit of CMS Energy , ran into financial problems over its $ 4.2 billion Midland nuclear plant , which was abandoned as a nuclear facility in 1984 because of construction delays and high costs . 
Under Chapter 11 of the Federal Bankruptcy Code , a company continues to operate under protection from creditors ' lawsuits while it works out a plan to pay its debts . 
Japan 's Finance Ministry strongly denied playing any role in the New York stock-price free fall . 
In the end , after meeting with the former housekeeper , Stevens sits by the seashore at dusk , thinking of her and of his employer , and declares `` I trusted . 
Their indicated market values thus are about $ 43.3 million and $ 28.6 million , respectively . 
The colleges , as educational institutions , had hoped that would n't be the case . 
Its greatest drawback may be its 3-inch thickness , big enough for one consultant to describe it as `` clunky . '' 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , K mart closed yesterday at $ 36 a share , up 12.5 cents . 
For one thing , buildings there tend to be newer and , thus , in step with the latest safety codes . 
Amgen rose 2 1\/4 to 54 3\/4 on almost 800,000 shares , and CVB Financial jumped 4 to 41 on only 1,000 shares . 
DEFERRED ANNUITIES : 
He knows that making George Bush look silly in a photograph with him will trigger Noriegan fulminations , and that announcing an end to the liberals ' cease-fire will produce mainly their concern over the Contras ' military activities in northern Nicaragua . 
Unice -- an acronym for the Union of Industrial and Employers ' Confederations of Europe -- fears that the charter will force EC countries to adopt a single pattern in labor relations . 
This amounts to a bounty for regulators -- the more regulating the more they get to keep . 
`` Unfortunately , '' Mr. Eskenazi wrote in a letter , `` those of us in law enforcement in Miami find ourselves frequently attempting to enforce the laws of the United States but simultaneously being caught between foreign policy considerations over which we have no control . '' 
Prices opened strongly on the basis of Monday 's Wall Street rally and yesterday 's gains in Tokyo . 
Under the type of transaction being discussed , the pilot-management group would borrow several billion dollars from banks that could then be used to finance a cash payment to current holders . 
To answer the brokerage question , Kidder , in typical fashion , completed a task-force study . 
`` I 've never seen so many { New York City } G.O. 's up for sale , '' said another trader . 
They lorded it over me . 
White House spokesmen last week said Mr. Bush is considering simply declaring that the Constitution gives him the power , exercising a line-item veto and inviting a court challenge to decide whether he has the right . 
`` There are certain bonds traders refer to as ` earthquake ' bonds because the ( issuers ) are on top of the San Andreas fault , '' said Zane Mann , editor of the California Municipal Bond Advisor , a newsletter for investors . 
Mr. Volokh soon found work in his field , but Ms. Volokh refused the obvious and available occupation - as translator for a Russian who spoke fluent English . 
On routes to South America , the company had no backup jets to ensure delivery when planes were grounded . 
Cotton Inc. 's new $ 9 million campaign calls cotton the `` Fabric of Our Lives . '' 
Qintex Australia owes creditors around A$ 1.2 billion . 
Mortgage - , Asset-Backed Securities 
After various adjustments , they produced a 0.5 % rise in the index for August and a 0.2 % rise for September . 
These are real costs . 
China had refused to repatriate citizens who sneaked into Hong Kong illegally since early this month , when the colony allowed a dissident Chinese swimmer to flee to the U.S. . 
Attorneys general in several states , including Illinois , are already suing Watson & Hughey Co. , an Alexandria , Va.-based outfit that they say has used deceptive sweepstakes ads to solicit donations for the American Heart Disease Foundation and the Cancer Fund of America . 
The 77-year-old Sisulu was among eight black political activists freed Sunday from prison . 
Neither Mr. Payne nor Mr. Decker could be reached to comment . 
`` It 's hard to get the administration 's attention on anything , '' said Rep. Bill Frenzel ( R. , Minn. ) , `` because the whole agreement was built on gimmickry . '' 
He 's currently in the midst of a 17-city U.S. tour with Yehudi Menuhin and the Warsaw Sinfonia , with stops including Charleston , S.C . ( Oct. 25 ) , Sarasota , Fla . ( Oct. 28 ) , Tampa , Fla . ( Oct. 29 ) and Miami ( Oct. 31 ) . 
Mr. Guzman Cabrera 's new order has n't arrived without resistance . 
Mr. Bush has said he personally approves of abortions in the cases of rape , incest and danger to the life of the mother . 
That was borne out by the Justice Department 's decision '' to settle the case . 
The NSC staff `` does n't have the horsepower that I believe is required to have an effective interagency process , '' says Frank Gaffney , a former Pentagon aide who now runs the Center for Security Policy , a conservative Washington think-tank . 
That 's a good sign when profits are stable during a time revenue is in the trough . 
Ramada 's stock rose 87.5 cents on the news to close at $ 11.25 in composite New York Stock Exchange trading . 
In general , the thrust of the department 's directive is to encourage prosecutors to limit pretrial asset seizures if there are less intrusive means of protecting assets the government may subsequently be able to seize after a conviction , Mr. Runkel said . 
Or political arrangements `` to alleviate the grievances and demands of Soviet ethnic minorities and republics . '' 
Some U.S. entrepreneurs operate on a smaller scale . 
Norton had operating profit of $ 76.8 million , or $ 3.66 a share , up 11 % from $ 69.5 million , or $ 3.31 a share . 
Traders said major securities firms are reluctant to become market makers because they fear the baskets may attract only limited trading . 
`` There is no question that investor confidence ( in the stock market ) is critical . '' 
That was the New York Stock Exchange 's blooper . 
Akio Tanii , president of Japan 's Matsushita Electric Industrial Co. , presented the U.S. consul general in Osaka with a $ 1 million check to help San Francisco 's earthquake victims . 
The dealers immediately showed their new acquisition to an expert and came to see it as a fake . 
Paul Fireman , Reebok chairman and chief executive officer , said , `` Our gains in earnings provide further evidence that the controls we have put in place and our sales mix are continuing to improve the company 's overall profit performance . '' 
That gives them enormous leverage , including the threat of a strike to block any buy-out or recapitalization attempt they oppose . 
While the practice was discouraged in the past , the conference agreement is laced with veterans ' hospitals , environmental projects and urban grants designated for specific communities . 
`` You can tell they 've got nothin ' . '' 
In yesterday 's third-quarter earnings report , the company alluded to a $ 40 million provision for restructuring costs involving U.S. exploration and production operations . 
But the current Soviet purchasing spree may be a one-time affair . 
Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. posted a loss for fiscal 1989 of 980.2 million Australian dollars ( US$ 762.4 million ) , the largest in Australian corporate history . 
The case had been closely watched because attorneys anticipate increasing litigation nationally over the so-called sick-building syndrome . 
The project is one of a select group of public projects opened to U.S. firms under a U.S.-Japan construction trade agreement reached last year . 
Turnover remained relatively small . 
`` That 's my job -- get { policyholders } what they 're entitled to , '' says Bill Schaeffer , a claims supervisor who flew in from Aetna 's Bridgeport , Conn. , office . 
Its language -- call it Streetspeak -- is increasingly mellifluous , reassuring , and designed to make financial products and maneuvers appear better , safer or cheaper than they really are . 
U.S. Judge Leonard B. Sand set the Garcias ' sentencing for Jan. 5 . 
Sales fell 2.5 % to $ 1.54 billion from $ 1.58 billion . 
Consider , for example , the greenhouse effect and climate change ; numerous blue-ribbon scientific committees , including one from the National Academy of Science , judge there is a greater than 50 % probability of a grave problem in the offing . 
Sales for the quarter slipped 2.7 % to $ 601.3 million from $ 618.1 million . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
After gaining strength during a brief run-up when trading began , the Nasdaq Composite Index weakened under selling pressure . 
They say investors will favor companies that historically have posted annual earnings growth of 15 % to 20 % . 
Analysis of ice from the Dunde ice cap , a glacial plateau in Tibet 17,000 feet above sea level , show that average temperatures were higher in 1937-87 than in any other 50-year period since before the last Ice Age , Mr. Thompson said . 
In a statement , Craig O. McCaw , chairman and chief executive officer of McCaw , said : `` We trust LIN will take no further actions that favor BellSouth . '' 
The insured bonds , rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.00 % in 1990 to 7.20 % in 2009 . 
In September 1971 California officials seized `` bootlegged '' lenses -- made by unlicensed companies -- after some showed traces of bacteria . 
In addition , the tax-collecting agency says that it will take the unusual step of looking to the private sector to fill two new high-level positions to guide the 120,000-employee agency : a comptroller to oversee daily finances and a chief information officer to update the information system , which includes probably the largest computer data base in the world . 
The ultimate aim of Western support for East bloc reforms , he said , is to create `` an equitable and stable peaceful order in Europe from the Atlantic to the Urals . '' 
Second Section volume was estimated at 15 million shares , down from 24.5 million shares Friday . 
At IBM , the company 's Open Door system is sometimes the subject of memorandums from the chief executive . 
West German officials also have the special goal of holding out hope for East Germany 's fledgling reform movement . 
In the meantime , the arbs are bleeding . 
He discovered a 75-cent discrepancy in the charges made to various departments for computer time and traced it to a user named `` Hunter , '' who had no valid billing address . 
A few months later , under pressure from the United Steelworkers of America , LTV instituted a new program to provide retirement benefits similar to those in the terminated plans . 
`` I 'm not going to jump on them the first day they come out . '' 
Year-earlier earnings reflected costs of $ 14.3 million related to the acquisition of IMS International . 
FRINGE-BENEFIT spending by small and medium-sized employers has dropped to 25 % of payroll from 29 % three years ago , says the National Institute of Business Management , an advisory service . 
Big personal computer makers and many makers of engineering workstations are developing 486-based machines , which are expected to reach the market early next year . 
Since late 1987 , for example , it has put off a rule dealing with deferred income taxes because of the continuing controversy over the issue . 
The woman had nearly died . 
The study , by the CFTC 's division of economic analysis , shows that `` a trade is a trade , '' a member of the study team said . 
The tremor was centered near Hollister , southeast of San Francisco , and was felt as far as 200 miles away . 
Nestle S.A. is based in Vevey , Switzerland . 
Whittle is spending $ 150 million initially to launch the network . 
Trading was active . 
Allianz 's entry reflects the increasing eagerness of West German companies , looking ahead to the reduction in European Community internal barriers in 1992 , to get involved in what until now were considered internal French affairs . 
New weapons systems will be around until the next century , notes John Tascher , the Defense Department 's metric coordinator . 
$ 100 million of 8 5\/8 % bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 priced at 101 1\/4 to yield 8.74 % annually less full fees , via Yamaichi International ( Europe ) Ltd . 
Steppenwolf needs the extra seats even more than the fly space . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Central Fund was unchanged at $ 4.6875 a share . 
Virginia Commonwealth University sociologist David Bromley , who more than any other researcher has delved into the complex world of Unificationist finances , has concluded that profitable operations in the U.S. have been the exceptions rather than the rule . 
Sheraton , a subsidiary of ITT Corp. , will have a 40 % share in the two hotels ; Pan American , a subsidiary of Pan Am Corp. , will have a 10 % share . 
But investment bankers say that stock market uncertainties in the U.S. may cause many European companies to mark time before bidding for American companies , in the hope that share prices will come down . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Inland closed yesterday at $ 35.875 a share , down $ 1 . 
The judge said Givens may deduct his $ 30,180 of losses from horse breeding , but rejected the $ 12,275 in deductions from the cattle operation . 
World prices tumbled , mostly from their own weight , according to analysts . 
Interpublic 's chairman and chief executive officer , Philip Geier Jr. , made the pitches in visits to Mr. Saatchi in London , the executives said . 
Rewards have been suggested -- but never adopted -- for filers who come through TCMP audits without change . 
One of the hotels , to be called the Sheraton Moscow , will have 450 rooms and will cost an estimated $ 75 million to build . 
The lower boundary was established just after the opening in a brief round of selling ; the upper boundary was set at midday as scattered bargain-hunting pushed prices higher . 
Furthermore , she had insisted on paths so narrow ( five to eight feet ) and hedge corners so square that standard maintenance equipment -- trucks or cherry pickers -- could n't maneuver . 
But many economists pointed to a 1.8 % September rise in orders outside the volatile transportation category . 
GM sought U.S. antitrust clearance last week to purchase more than $ 15 million worth of Jaguar shares but does n't own any yet , according to GM officials here and at the company 's Detroit headquarters . 
The resistance lacks not only air power , armor and expertise but often such essentials as maps , mine detectors , or even winter gloves . 
The company also retained attorney Martin P. Levin , a director of the company and former head of the Times-Mirror Publishing Group , as an adviser . 
But it said extraordinary expenditures for its radio station and restoration of buildings increased the deficit to $ 57.2 million . 
After the market closed Tuesday , the American Petroleum Institute had reported that crude stocks increased by 5.7 million barrels in the week ended Friday , which traders viewed as bearish . 
Other , as yet unnamed , cities will follow . 
The sheets tell how the medicine works , describe how to use it and list its possible side effects . 
Fresenius , a West German pharmaceutical concern , has been discussing a transaction in which it would buy Delmed stock for cash to bring its beneficial ownership to between 70 % and 80 % . 
Mr. Florio savors this vindication , but at age 52 , the congressman is also a product of his times and losses . 
But Brooks declined , figuring that transporting the mucked up money to Washington would cost the company thousands more . 
`` But we should n't leave out political reasons , number one . 
Neither technique is perfect , but both are better than the current system , which misstates the costs of new credit programs by amounts that vary substantially and average about $ 20 billion annually , according to the Congressional Budget Office . 
`` It gave me great pride to see the inventor of the microcassette in Japan look at the pico and shake his head and say ` unbelievable , ' '' says Mr. Jachmann . 
The company 's decision was made after First Hospital failed to obtain financing for its offer . 
Also , the company posted improved third-quarter earnings . 
Transport giant TNT , which owns half of one of the country 's two major domestic carriers , said the cost of the dispute had been heavy , cutting TNT 's profits 70 % to $ 12 million in the three months to Sept. 30 . 
The new representative office , with one manager and two assistants -- none a member of the Rothschild family -- will carry out no banking operations of its own . 
Double Check 
With a pilot who speaks no English . 
`` Under any circumstances , Saudi Arabia should get more '' rather than less , Mr. Nazer said . 
The Tokyo Regional Taxation Office declines to comment , and Mr. Kori , the tycoon 's secretary , says the problem simply resulted from a difference of opinion over what was considered income . 
The Ministry of Education is nothing but a cartel for licensed teachers , and certainly does not act on behalf of students . 
Sale of the solution in concentrated form to Communist countries is prohibited by Japanese law and by international agreement . 
Also , Richard A. Barkley , a former marketing executive with FMC Corp. , was appointed president of Continental Container Systems , a producer of can closing machinery that Figgie acquired late last year . 
There has been no announcement of the Burger King arrangement by either party , possibly for fear that McDonald 's and other fast-food rivals would seize on it in scornful advertising . 
The British chemical and textile company 's plan , which requires shareholder approval , would create a new , listed U.K. stock with a probable market capitalization between # 300 million ( $ 473 million ) and # 400 million , analysts said . 
Nowhere in the federal securities law is simple negligence or inadvertent action a source of liability under similar circumstances . 
( The press had a field day with questions about what would happen to `` six-footer , '' `` yardstick '' and `` inchworm . '' ) 
Warner-Lambert shares closed at $ 109.50 a share , up $ 1.50 , in Big Board composite trading yesterday . 
He appeared late one night in the bedroom of the new defense secretary , Dick Cheney . 
The Justice Department scrambled to play down the significance of revised guidelines concerning prosecutions under the federal racketeering law . 
Now , Maxwell founder Robert Maxwell says he has an appetite for new acquisitions in the U.S. , adding that he could spend `` a good deal more '' than $ 1 billion on another U.S. purchase . 
Sales for the just-ended period fell to about $ 225 million , the maker of computer parts said . 
`` We 're in the process of discussing an amended plan with the creditors and anticipate filing that amended plan shortly , '' Mr. Lorenzo told reporters . 
When properly applied , the adhesive is designed to retain the windshield in place in a crash test at 30 miles per hour . 
`` I do n't know anybody in the industry who has n't experienced litigation , '' he says . 
Ford might challenge the proposal by offering a full bid if holders and the U.K. government agreed to drop the anti-takeover barrier early . 
James R. Lees , 51 , vice president of Newport 's European operations , was named executive vice president and chief operating officer of European operations , assuming some former duties of Mr. Weekes . 
For the first nine months , the trade deficit was 14.933 trillion lire , compared with 10.485 trillion lire in the year-earlier period . 
The Second Section index , which rose 15.72 points Thursday , was up 11.88 points , or 0.32 % , to close at 3717.46 . 
UNC Inc. , an Annapolis , Md. , contractor that earned $ 23.8 million on revenue of $ 400.4 million in 1988 , has gone even further in realigning its military business . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
The order is the biggest in the company 's history . 
The banking company said it reached an agreement in principle with International Business Machines Corp. on a systems operations contract calling for IBM to operate First Tennessee 's computer and telecommunications functions . 
Revenue rose 33 % to $ 378.1 million from $ 283.8 million . 
Separately , the hotel and gambling giant said it was proceeding with plans to make a tender offer and solicit consents with respect to approximately $ 1.4 billion of its publicly traded debt . 
But in the `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' case the author found most of his material in court records or via the Freedom of Information Act . 
Nonetheless , it will barely make a dent in Mitsubishi Estate 's finances , analysts say . 
About 20,000 years ago the last ice age ended . 
`` There were no { sell } lists and the calendar is lightening up a bit . 
Imperial Cup has annual sales of approximately $ 75 million . 
Times Mirror Co. said third-quarter net income fell 13 % to $ 70.1 million , or 54 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 81 million , or 62 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Canadian steel production totaled 290,541 metric tons in the week ended Oct. 21 , a 5.1 % increase from 276,334 tons the previous week but a 7.2 % decline from 313,125 tons a year earlier , Statistics Canada said . 
IBM 's visits to the debt market are closely watched by treasurers at other corporations and by credit market analysts . 
The other insiders , all senior or executive vice presidents , sold between 2,520 and 6,881 shares , representing between 8 % and 70 % of their holdings , according to SEC filings . 
The issue , formally titled MNB Home Equity Loan Asset Backed Certificates , Series 1989 , will represent interest in a trust fund of home equity revolving credit line loans originated by the retail finance division of Maryland National Bank and secured primarily by second deeds of trust or second mortgages on single to four-family residential properties . 
Mr. Evans will stay until a successor is found , but not later than the end of the year , the company said . 
For the third quarter , Rubbermaid earned $ 32.6 million , or 44 cents a share , up 16 % from $ 28.1 million , or 38 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Your editorial mockingly entitles this legislation the `` Lawyers ' Employment Act . '' 
The damage to the Bay area 's roadways could cause significant economic hardship . 
California , where earthquake damage may top $ 5 billion , plans a special legislative session . 
The price will depend on how much Picop shares fetch on the local stock market . 
Both groups believed that tens of billions of dollars of service exports -- such as inbound tourism ; legal , accounting and other professional services furnished to foreigners ; financial , engineering and construction services ; and the like -- were not being counted as exports . 
Blocked by patent protection from following suit , Dictaphone decided to go a step further and cut the cassette in half again -- down to the length of a paperclip . 
Jackson & Walker has an office in Fort Worth , Texas , and Dotson & Scofield has an office in New Orleans . 
But it would also encourage lenders to choose more creditworthy customers , and go a long way toward reducing defaults . 
`` In this market of 40 channels , sophisticated viewers and the remote control , trial is n't a guarantee of anything , '' ESPN 's Mr. Werner says . 
What makes people blurt out their credit-card numbers to a caller they 've never heard of ? 
Air-freight carriers raised their rates for U.S. products going across the Pacific to Asia by about 20 % earlier this month . 
Total return is price changes plus interest income . 
However , she remembers the lean years and recalls with relish wearing her first major American purchase -- that turban 10 years later and having a Los Angeles boutique owner ask her if it was a Chanel . 
Thomas H. Johnson , president of the Coatedboard division of Mead Corp. , was named president of Manville Forest Products Corp. , a Manville unit , and senior vice president of Manville Corp . 
`` It makes people think , maybe this guy is n't so squeaky clean after all , '' says Mr. Garth , Mayor Koch 's media consultant . 
Curtin Windsor , then the ambassador to Costa Rica , recalls being invited to Panama by Mr. Noriega 's brother Luis Carlos for a weekend of deep sea fishing and `` quiet , serious conversation '' on the Aswara Peninsula . 
In over-the-counter national trading , Bowater Inc. jumped $ 1.50 to $ 27.50 . 
Steven C. Walker , senior vice president of this bank holding company , was named president , chief executive officer and a director of both Commercial National and Commercial National Bank . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Feb. 8 , 1990 , and May 10 , 1990 , respectively . 
CBS will air the Super Bowl , baseball playoffs , college and pro basketball finals and other premier sports events . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended about 1\/2 point higher , or up about $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield slid to 7.93 % from 7.98 % Friday . 
The company did n't provide an explanation for the softer pretax profit performance and officials could n't be reached for comment . 
The researchers said they have isolated a plant gene that prevents the production of pollen . 
The notes can be redeemed starting in July 1991 . 
However , excluding the year-earlier charge for recall of steering gear , operating profit in the latest quarter declined 14 % , reflecting higher start-up and product development expenses in passenger-restraint systems . 
The amount of the settlement will be taken as a charge against earnings in the fourth quarter . 
The drop in earnings did n't surprise analysts who said the Pittsburgh glass , coatings and chemical concern had been predicting a slow quarter because of the sluggish construction industry , a major market for the company 's flat glass . 
The group 's Mark Cahoon says its efforts begun in 1989 have led to the introduction of bills in Massachusetts , Minnesota and Colorado to establish evenhanded procedures affecting all kinds of taxpayers . 
But no significant problems have been reported among hundreds of people tested with the devices . 
But membership in the International Association of Financial Planners ( IAFP ) , the industry 's biggest trade group , is still nearly triple what it was in 1980 , and it 's believed that the ranks of planners who do n't belong to any group have soared as well . 
Yesterday , just a day after Mr. Roman announced he would leave to take a top post at American Express , WPP said Mr. Berry would return to take an international role at the parent company . 
Chevron added 1 to 65 . 
With the nonferrous metals business undermined in Switzerland by tough foreign competition and high domestic costs , this looked like a dull undertaking . 
Japanese investors , reassured by Monday 's strong rally on Wall Street , erased most of that day 's losses on the Tokyo Stock Exchange . 
Isler Sailing International 's advisory board includes Ted Turner , Turner Broadcasting chairman and a former Cup victor ; Peter G. Diamandis , head of Diamandis Communications , and Joseph B. Vittoria , chairman and chief executive of Avis Inc . 
Fujitsu was n't the only company willing to sacrifice profit on the project . 
The Dow Jones industrials finished up 41.60 , at 2645.08 . 
In return , Mrs. Thatcher is excoriated from Fleet Street to Paris as an obstructionist . 
Ground zero of the HUD scandal is the Secretary 's `` discretionary fund , '' a honey pot used to fund projects that were n't approved through normal HUD channels . 
They are what they are . 
As the violinist tells it , his grandmotherly looking teacher `` put her hands on her hips , stomped her foot and said , ` You 've just got to get the { expletive deleted } out of there . ' '' 
Morgan Stanley and Kidder Peabody , the two biggest program trading firms , staunchly defend their strategies . 
Bridge and road builders had a field day , including Kasler Corp. , up $ 2.125 to $ 9.875 , Guy F. Atkinson Co. , up 87.5 to $ 61.875 , and Morrison Knudsen Corp. , which reported higher third-quarter earnings yesterday , up $ 2.25 to $ 44.125 . 
Sanjay Joshi , European economist at Baring Brothers & Co. , said there is no sign that Britain 's manufacturing industry is transforming itself to boost exports . 
But the apple industry is ripe for change . 
`` Emerging growth stocks have n't been popular in America for years , they 've been neglected , '' he said , and their prices often trail the market as a whole . 
Marks & Spencer PLC reported a 12 % gain in first-half pretax profit , mainly because of improving performances in the U.K. and continental Europe . 
Sverdlovsk is a large gray cloud over glasnost and indeed over the legitimacy of the arms-control process itself . 
But top sports events are still a strong bet to lure audiences 30 % or 40 % larger than those CBS usually gets . 
Japanese and U.S. photographic firms are beginning to produce electronic cameras and X-rays that do n't require silver , dealers say . 
NBC 's options could range from news-oriented programming to sports shows , although the network declined to comment . 
Charles O. Givens of Mount Vernon , Ind. - investment broker , ex-accountant , and son of a former stable owner - bred Tennessee Walking Horses for six years , raised cattle for four , and never made a profit on either . 
Many employees stayed home yesterday , but customer service was being maintained . 
Because the cycle of poverty along the lower Mississippi goes back so many generations , breaking this cycle will be next to impossible . 
Ms. Brannigan is a staff reporter in The Wall Street Journal 's Atlanta bureau . 
Dealers said the market gained some late steam on a flurry of buying by market-makers looking at blue-chip issues and stocks viewed as oversold during the market 's recent downtrend . 
It said net income was 17 cents a share in the third quarter , compared with 16 cents a share a year earlier . 
District police in 1983 descended on his suburban home , which he and his large family used as both residence and factory , and demanded proof the house and equipment were his . 
Fireman 's is part of a $ 38 million syndicate that supplies business interruption insurance to the city on the Bay Bridge , which must pay employees during the three weeks or more it is expected to be out of service and deprived of toll income . 
The loss of 40 jobs by a depressed county in rural Missouri is hardly of national importance except for this : If the most environmentally safe way of dealing with a national problem can not be built in Atchinson County , what hope have we for dealing with the wastes our economy produces ? 
Nestle 's share of 7 % before Friday 's purchases is far below the shares of market leaders Hershey Foods Corp. and Mars Inc. , which have about 40 % and 36 % of the market , respectively . 
He said Mr. Steinberg had insisted that the merger talks move quickly . 
Although the government said the economy grew an estimated 2.5 % in the third quarter , in line with expectations , analysts are increasingly predicting much more sluggish growth -- and therefore more corporate earnings disappointments -- for the fourth quarter . 
Call it the uninformed trudging after the incomprehensible . 
AIDS is n't considered a widespread problem in Japan -- the government reports about 1,000 known carriers of the virus -- but many companies have poured substantial resources into research in recent years , hoping to cash in on a possible cure . 
The plan Eastern hopes to pursue , he said , calls for Eastern to have $ 390 million in cash by year 's end . 
All of their friends have children and they ca n't , so now they want a child more than anything -- perhaps even more than Michael wanted his fancy convertible or his deluxe stereo equipment . 
For example , an auction house 's comments on the condition of a work of art that is up for sale should be looked at with `` very open eyes , '' he says . 
The suit , filed in federal trial court in Des Moines , Iowa , where Meredith is based , alleges that the diversified media company 's relocation unit cheated the government by misrepresenting the value of government employees ' homes . 
The Financial Times 100-share index has dropped about 12 % from its 1989 high of 2423.9 on Sept. 8 . 
The newspaper also ran a series of controversial short stories by Nguyen Huy Thiep , a former history teacher , who stirred debate over his interpretation of Vietnamese culture and took a thinly veiled swipe at writers who had blocked his entry into their official association . 
Japan 's exports of cars , trucks and buses declined 2.4 % to 535,322 units in September from a year earlier , the Japan Automobile Manufacturers Association said . 
Gemina , which owns 13.26 % of Nuovo Banco , abstained in the final vote on Credit Agricole , which was nonetheless approved by a majority of shareholders . 
Federal researchers said lung-cancer mortality rates for people under 45 years of age have begun to decline , particularly for white males . 
By the end of this week , Drexel should have another three to four settlements , Mr. Cohen said . 
The other months posted advances of 10 cents to 20 cents an ounce . 
Then a political novice , she stepped into a whirl of `` pro-choice '' marches , house parties and fund-raisers . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 28 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 27 . 
Orders for capital defense goods skyrocketed 56 % , and a government analyst said nearly all areas saw increases , including airplanes , missiles , ships , tanks and communications equipment . 
Baker had the good luck to arrive in 1925 Paris , where blacks had become exotic . 
Lloyd 's said there are currently 115 open account years involving 68 of the market 's roughly 360 syndicates . 
Penn Central Corp. , Cincinnati , said it agreed in principle to acquire Noranda Inc. 's Carol Cable Co. unit for $ 177 million . 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. , for one , is still a favorite of widows , orphans and trust departments -- but shorn of its regional telephone units and exposed to competition on every side , it is a far different investment prospect than it was before divestiture . 
Mr. Langton 's group , Concerned Off-Road Bicyclists Association , mounted petition drives to help keep open certain Santa Monica Mountain trails designated for closing . 
B.A.T said it may make more equity purchases until the close of business today , depending on market conditions , but will cease further purchases until Nov. 22 , when it releases third-quarter results . 
Though Lloyd 's has talked for years about computerizing underwriting transactions , the effort has n't gotten very far . 
QuesTech Inc. , Falls Church , Va. , also has acquired some companies outside the military market . 
Erbamont will then be liquidated , with any remaining Erbamont holders receiving a distribution of $ 37 a share . 
`` The perception out there is that we are very conservative and we only sell one type of suit , '' Mr. Roberti says , referring to Brooks Brothers ' signature three-button `` sack suit , '' with a center-vented jacket and boxy fit . 
The secretary would be required to block an acquisition if he concluded that it would so weaken an airline financially that it would hurt safety or reduce the carrier 's ability to compete , or if it gave control to a foreign interest . 
Bruce Willis 's best attribute as an actor is his coy , lazy voice , and that 's all you get of him here , speaking for the baby . 
Non-lawyers will be added to the inquiry panels that look into allegations of misconduct . 
For most field workers , it 's about time . 
`` It 's not uncommon for these guys to send pictures of themselves or their families to ingratiate themselves to their clients , '' says Terree Bowers , chief of the major-frauds section of the U.S. attorney 's office in Los Angeles . 
With the company also exercising a plan to buy back as many as 10 % of its shares outstanding , B.A.T closed at 783 , up 27 . 
`` It took away the need to know the bad third-quarter report of IBM , for example , '' Mr. Kegler says . 
The system could be used in a fire or earthquake to locate problems , among other things . 
Anthony J. Iaciofano , a lawyer for Burlington , said the company believes the Beebes ' symptoms were not related to the carpeting . 
Failure of U.S. equipment makers , IBM fears , would leave it dependent on many of the Japanese companies that compete with it in other parts of the market . 
A part of the construction-oriented conglomerate SsangYong Group , it took over the dying Dong-A Motor Co. in 1986 . 
Comprehensive Care Corp. , which has agreed to be acquired by closely held First Hospital Corp. , reported a $ 4.7 million loss for its Aug. 31 first quarter and said it is negotiating an extension of senior bank debt past its Oct. 18 due date . 
Total sales gained 20 % to 122.36 billion yen from 102.01 billion yen . 
f - As of Wednesday 's close . 
The Clarksburg , W.Va. , producer of gas and oil , said it wants shareholders to approve the split because it would `` enhance the marketability '' and trading of the stock . 
Program trading amounted to 12.3 % of average daily volume in June . 
Also , he notes , `` most corporate bonds are callable . '' 
The volatility was dizzying for traders . 
Year-earlier results for the quarter and the nine months were restated to reflect a change in accounting standards . 
In 1979 , however , Westinghouse abandoned the project along with its stake in advanced television . 
They 've been given a mandate from Switzerland '' to expand their U.S. chocolate operations . 
Most of its 4,500 workers were at work yesterday , and no production slowdown was anticipated as long as electricity remains available . 
The dollar climbed immediately higher on news of Mr. Greenspan 's testimony , settling lower in later trade as dealers squared positions ahead of today 's preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product . 
Korean car exports have slid about 40 % so far this year , but auto makers here are n't panicking . 
And while last week the agency hired a top Chiat\/Day\/Mojo executive , Bill Hamilton , to try to bolster its work , `` Graham has to get the revenue of that New York office moving , '' says James Dougherty , an analyst with County NatWest Securities . 
Profit margins at U.S. company-owned stores in the quarter were up nearly 1 % , which the company attributed in part to lower food costs . 
Through a separate agreement between Peter Dauchy , president , and a group of selling shareholders , the company said , Mr. Dauchy will on Oct. 30 buy 231,405 shares from the group , boosting his stake to about 717,000 shares , or 50.7 % of the total after the buy-back . 
Per-share net rose to 47.46 yen from 39.31 yen . 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 26.54 billion from $ 24.05 billion . 
No one seems willing to hold anyone in public life to a standard higher than the narrowest construction of the law . 
It is Texaco 's first major acquisition since the legal battle with Pennzoil began over four years ago . 
He joins Nov. 13 , dissolving his consulting firm , Canter , Achenbaum Associates . 
At the same time , a recent poll shows that Mrs. Thatcher has hit the lowest popularity rating of any British leader since polling began 50 years ago . 
When problems surface , the temptation becomes strong to summarily overhaul a market system that has served for more than 100 years . 
And some doctors who have conducted hours of tests on themselves report temporary headaches . 
Within a few years , the outcome in most states is likely to be that abortion will be more restricted , but not completely banned . 
`` Hurricane Hugo losses and the continuing industrywide downturn in the property and casualty insurance business were the major factors affecting quarterly comparisons , '' said Rand V. Araskog , chairman and chief executive officer . 
The sales are expected to raise more than 600 million Australian dollars ( US$ 462.2 million ) , Mr. Skase said . 
`` The days when when the thrust of casinos was all high rollers , with no windows and clocks and lots of red and black decor , are gone , '' Mr. Sain of the visitors ' bureau says . 
When it opened in 1939 , Shannon was the first landfall in Europe for thirsty airplanes flying from North America . 
Compared with the first nine months of last year , average franchisee store sales this year were down nearly $ 3,200 , reflecting a fierce discounting war among fast-food chains . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Earlier this month , IMA said it had received about $ 1 billion of senior debt financing from Chemical Bank and six other banks ; Chemical Bank said it was `` highly confident '' it could arrange the balance of about $ 509 million . 
Some U.S. products are filtering into the Soviet market under an emergency import program . 
Rep. Bates has publicly begged for forgiveness from voters and was re-elected with 60 % of the vote last November . 
The company declined to estimate the value of the Norwegian holding . 
The flood of claims and counter-claims worried consumers and actually hurt sales of the new cereals . 
Soon after taking over last June , Mr. Corry rescinded a pay cut imposed on clerical workers , a move that Mr. Roderick had n't made in spite of improved earnings . 
`` They will do it every chance they get , '' said one program-trading executive . 
Traders said program activity was n't in evidence through most of the session , however , and Big Board volume dropped to 155,650,000 shares from about 238 million Tuesday as concerns about the potential for additional sharp swings in the market kept other trading in check . 
Equities tumbled at the opening as Tuesday 's gyrations on Wall Street , where the Dow Jones Industrial Average recovered most of an 80-point loss , fueled fears of another stock market crash , brokers said . 
In August , representatives of Keidanren , Japan 's largest business organization , visited Moscow to explore exports and investments that would help the Soviet economy . 
The IRS denied cost deductions because few of the temps got to go aboard . 
And the show 's creativity makes up for any technological deficiencies . 
The report takes a more alarmed view of AIDS and recommends a more sweeping response than many other analyses . 
With its ability to pick up rustlings and flapping wings , `` it was meant to be a toy for children for bird watching , '' says Mr. Appel . 
`` It 'll never be like what Bristol-Myers does , '' he adds , `` but it helps establish recognition with the public -- and with banks . '' 
This time , the scandal centers on donations made by the not-quite-mainstream pachinko parlor industry . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Aetna closed at $ 60 , down 50 cents . 
The district , built on landfill , suffered heavy quake damage , including collapsed buildings . 
Workers at Peugeot S.A. 's car plant at Sochaux , in eastern France , voted to end a six-week-old strike that has cost the Peugeot group production of 60,000 automobiles , a company spokesman said . 
Alcan Aluminium was an exception , as it gained 1 3\/8 to 23 on two million shares . 
`` Teddy Z , '' which centers on a mailroom clerk-turned agent at a Hollywood talent agency , was scheduled in the coveted 9:30 p.m. slot to follow `` Murphy Brown , '' a situation comedy about a television news magazine , starring Candice Bergen . 
In the past five years , USX has turned steel into a profit maker by closing several plants and reducing labor costs . 
The former congressman , who resigned as speaker of the House after an investigation of his financial dealings , is ensconced in his district office , maintained by taxpayers on a $ 200,000 allowance . 
The two men spent an hour at Exit 10 , rehashing the event , `` fulfilling the lifelong dream of a young boy now turned 50 , '' Mr. Engelken says . 
Mr. Gorbachev would appear to see his central task , however , as that of ensuring that foundations of an alliance among labor , capital and the state are properly laid before the demands for a multiparty system reach a crescendo . 
But most of them , led by Morgan Stanley & Co. , moved back in earlier this year . 
CRI , which sponsors Champs , is a world-wide real estate investment firm . 
It was a heady experience for the pockmarked and slightly built Mr. Noriega , who was known to his friends as Cara la Pina -- pineapple face . 
The executive said that the anticipated earnings increase is fairly modest because Nissan is spending heavily to bolster its dealership network in Japan and because of currency-exchange fluctuations . 
In his office overlooking the runway of Shannon Airport , Mr. Ovcharenko enthusiastically throws out what he calls `` just ideas '' : 
But opponents fear overcrowding . 
And as for Tom Landry , well , in Mr. Jones 's mind , he had played out his winning years . 
Santa Fe stopped freight trains Tuesday night while its officials inspected track but resumed service at 10:45 p.m. when they found no damage . 
This is reflected in a built-in mortality cost -- in effect , your share of the company 's estimated liability in paying off beneficiaries of people who had the effrontery to die while under its protection . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Ford Motor Co. and Chrysler Corp. representatives criticized Mr. Tonkin 's plan as unworkable . 
In recent years , growth has come in the foreign markets . 
Mr. Morishita says he intends to expand his business to many other areas at home and abroad . 
According to the Soviet news agency Tass , `` Gorbachev expressed the conviction that the leadership of the Socialist Unity Party of { East } Germany , being sensitive to the demands of the time , ... will find solutions to complicated problems the GDR { German Democratic Republic } encountered . '' 
People familiar with the exchange said another idea likely to be approved is expanding the monthly reports on program trading to cover specific days or even hours of heavy program trading and who was doing it . 
Janet Malcolm , a professional writer on psychiatric matters , wrote a series of articles for the New Yorker , later published in book form by Knopf under the title `` In the Freud Archives . '' 
In another sign of slowdown fears , investors dumped technology shares . 
`` These systems are more rugged than many people would believe , '' said Thomas Kurlak , who tracks the computer industry for Merrill Lynch Research . 
It is the opinion of Timothy Good , author of `` Above Top Secret : The World UFO Cover-Up '' ( Quill\/William Morrow , 592 pages , $ 12.95 ) , that the world laughs too fast . 
Even as the stock market has generally done well this year , IBM 's shares have slipped steadily from its 52-week high of $ 130.875 . 
The oil company claims that Alaskan officials prevented Exxon from spraying dispersant onto the almost 11 million gallons of oil dumped when one of its tankers ran into an underwater reef . 
As rescuers pressed their efforts after finding a survivor in a collapsed freeway , the San Francisco Bay area girded for hundreds of thousands of commuters seeking to avoid routes ravaged by last Tuesday 's tremor . 
What this all means in shorthand is that Soviet dominance in Ethiopia is collapsing as fast as President Barre 's regime in Somalia is . 
Although the bidding group has n't had time to develop its latest idea fully or to discuss it with banks , it believes bank financing could be obtained . 
This includes $ 4.6 billion of long-term debt , $ 457.5 million in short-term debt , and $ 95.7 million of the current portion of long-term debt . 
He also said tragic results could follow any `` hint of weakening '' of the U.S. defense commitment to Seoul . 
`` I feel people should be allowed to remember players as they were . '' 
The software company said revenue slid 28 % to $ 53.9 million . 
NCAA Executive Director Richard Schultz , in accepting a place on the Knight Commission , urged that the panel take a `` balanced '' view , which looks for all the world like a plea not to rock the boat too much , and the presidents ' recommendations could face considerable opposition at the NCAA 's full convention in January , which will vote on them . 
Environmental groups have been calling for faster action on dangerous pesticides and may welcome part of the proposal . 
( So long as you do n't look down . ) 
Revenue rose 14 % to $ 4.03 billion from $ 3.54 billion . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index rose 1.71 to 370.58 . 
You make a forecast , and then you become its prisoner . '' 
He succeeds Alvin A. McCall in the position . 
But he said Columbia remains `` one of the most strongly capitalized thrifts in the industry , '' based on the economic value of its assets and tangible capital . 
Mr. Lescaze is foreign editor of the Journal . 
The latest round of losses is likely to be a serious blow to the Chicago Board Options Exchange , which has never fully recovered from the aftershock of Black Monday , when investors fled the market because of huge losses . 
Several engineering and research offices needed closer scrutiny to make sure they were n't in danger of crumbling , but `` the bulk of the place is in pretty good shape , '' an official said . 
At Lockheed Corp. 's missiles and space systems group in Sunnyvale , about 40 miles south of San Francisco , workers were asked to head to work yesterday after it was realized that `` there were no show-stoppers '' in the 150-plus buildings on its one-square-mile campus . 
The clause was part of an agreement in which pilots accepted a substantial pay cut as long as no other labor group got a raise . 
On days when prices are tumbling , they must be willing to buy shares from sellers when no one else will . 
He said even though there was arbitrage buying in New York because of the weak dollar , cocoa fell to relentless pressure from bearish traders . 
The proposal would restore some discipline erased from the budget process by the 1974 Budget `` Reform '' Act . 
To help out this week , the White House is dispatching chief of staff John Sununu and three Cabinet members -- HUD 's Jack Kemp , Transportation 's Samuel Skinner and Treasury 's Nicholas Brady , according to Peter Powers , the Giuliani campaign manager . 
`` Even if you look at it as a turnaround situation , it 's expensive , '' said Wayne Hood of Prudential-Bache Securities Inc . 
Her appetite for children also was large . 
Interest on the bonds will be treated as a preference item in calculating the federal alternative minimum tax that may be imposed on certain investors . 
But Mr. Schulte , the bondholders ' adviser , said Revco was dragging its feet in responding to the proposal . 
Avoiding failure is easy . 
Among utilities , Drexel currently favors Entergy Corp. and General Public Utilities Corp . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , down more than 60.25 points early in the day , finished 18.65 points lower at 2638.73 . 
Pfizer posted its largest gains in healthcare sales , up 3 % , and consumer products , up 23 % . 
Manufacturers Hanover said that excluding the addition to its reserves , certain tax benefits , and a one-time $ 16 million gain on the sale of an interest in a foreign leasing company , third-quarter earnings were $ 75 million . 
But he thinks investors may be overreacting to the market 's problems . 
President Frank Richardson attributed the decline to lower natural gas prices , which countered higher earnings from the crude oil sector of Shell 's exploration and production operation . 
Mr. Freeman said in August that he would retire by the end of this year to take `` executive responsibility '' for an embarrassing effort to discredit banker Edmond Safra . 
Until a recent comeback , it saw steep losses in ad pages and circulation . 
The authorities have steered foreign reporters to her office to see an example of `` the new way of thinking . '' 
The initial spots will appear during morning and prime-time news shows . 
A shiny new takeover deal sparked a big rally in stock prices , which buoyed the dollar . 
`` I see we have about half the audience working for us , '' he said , tongue in cheek . 
Ohbayashi officials said the purchase was undertaken to participate in ventures in and around New York City . 
If the Legislature does n't repeal the law , due for revision in 1990 , Mr. Jones says Humana may move its insurance operations , including 3,000 jobs in Louisville , to another state . 
Allegany Health System -- three-part issue of $ 156.7 million of revenue bonds , tentatively priced through a Morgan Stanley & Co. group . 
As Helen Boehm , who owns an art porcelain company , sipped her luncheon cocktail , she reeled off the names of a few pals -- Prince Charles , Princess Diana , Sarah Ferguson , John Kluge , Milton Petrie . 
Seiren Co . ( Japan ) -- 
In such positions , he explained , `` you have to create something new , and the computer is n't able to do that right now . '' 
Fujisawa continued to attract investors because of strong earning prospects stemming from a new immune control agent . 
The prices of the individual stocks that make up the average were correct , Quotron said , but the average was wrong . 
Our traditional project loans have , for instance , supported sensible energy pricing in the power sector , sound interest-rate policies in the credit area and the operation of public utilities as efficient , autonomous agencies . 
The funds should help ease a cash bind at HealthVest , which has been unable to pay its debts because Healthcare has n't made complete rent and mortgage payments since July . 
It does n't pay a dividend , and this trust needs income . 
That may be the last thing she needs . 
The new beer , introduced this week at a liquor industry convention , is imported from Switzerland 's Cardinal brewery . 
If Japanese companies are so efficient , why does Kawasaki-Rikuso Transportation Co. sometimes need a week just to tell its clients how soon it can ship goods from here to Osaka ? 
In a meeting in New York yesterday , the committee put on hold instructions it gave two weeks ago to its experts to explore other options for Eastern 's future , the sources said . 
The consensus of this group , which he dubs `` realists , '' is that the local economy will grow through the 1990s at annual rates averaging between 3 % and 5 % . 
In March , American Medical received a $ 24-a-share offer to take the company private from an investor group including large holder M. Lee Pearce . 
Money , such as in Recruit 's political donations , and women , as in the cases of Prime Minister Sosuke Uno and Secretary General Tokuo Yamashita , seldom have caused political scandals in Japan . 
The Dedham , Mass. , couple knew even before Bonnie became pregnant in 1987 that any child of theirs had a 50 % chance of being at risk for retinoblastoma , an eye cancer that occurs about once every 20,000 births . 
Dow would earn $ 14.85 a share for the year if it equaled that year-ago fourth-quarter performance . 
What shook America was not a battle for justice but for naked power , in which an army of judicial activists rolled over a judge they had demonized . 
We know that very early exposure to schooling improves performance in the first grade , but afterward the difference is quickly washed away . 
( The sale caused a rift between the widow and some of her husband 's followers . 
Food , tobacco , drugs and utilities are the classic examples . 
Since most prosecutors would n't be able to demonstrate conclusively that racial considerations did n't affect sentencing , executions everywhere might come to a halt , Mr. Boyd explains . 
A successful vote would put pressure on the British government to lift the restriction . 
He said this improvement means it is still possible to reach the targeted current account surplus of four billion rand for 1989 . 
`` I 've been two-thirds in cash since July , and I continue to think that having a defensive position is appropriate , '' he says . 
`` We would have paid more if we thought that law was n't going to pass , '' he said . 
In addition to having high price-earnings ratios , most pay puny dividends , if any . 
Other plans generally would n't pay unsecured creditors ' interest accrued since the filing . 
But it gave ground to Mr. Inouye on a number of projects , ranging from a $ 11 million parking garage here , to a land transfer in Hawaii , to a provision to assist the Makwah Indian Tribe in Washington state . 
More venturesome businesses are applying their skills in commercial fields . 
Bethlehem Steel Corp. has agreed in principle to form a joint venture with the world 's second-largest steelmaker , Usinor-Sacilor of France , to modernize a portion of Bethlehem 's ailing BethForge division . 
`` But if you support him over rape victims , this may be your last term . '' 
Other forms of red tape are more pervasive . 
This is not only because it kills the unborn , a job at which it actually is not outstandingly efficient , zapping only 50 % to 85 % of them depending on which study you read ( prostaglandin , taken in conjunction with the pill , boosts the rate to 95 % ) . 
In October 1987 , President Corazon Aquino vowed that her government would `` get out of business '' by selling all or part of the state 's holdings in the many companies taken over by the government during the 20-year rule of Ferdinand Marcos . 
Mr. Edelman could n't be reached for comment . 
In addition , neurologists were beginning to report these observations as well . 
Mr. Keating lives in Phoenix , and the California thrift 's parent is an Ohio-chartered corporation with holdings in Michigan . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year issue rose less than an eighth of a point , or less than $ 1.25 for each $ 1,000 of face amount . 
The charity admits spending a lot on fund raising , but says that was necessary to establish a donor base it can tap at much lower cost in years to come . 
The ANC leaders speak in tones of moderation , emphasizing discipline , hoping the government will be encouraged to take further steps , such as freeing Nelson Mandela , the most prominent ANC figure , and unbanning the organization . 
Indeed , the gap is so large that Mr. Allen 's critics refuse to engage the debate . 
Overall , the portfolio narrowed its quarterly loss to $ 70 million from $ 80 million a year earlier . 
Nevertheless , Merrill Lynch has agreed that if the thrift that issued Dr. Blumenfeld 's CD , Peoples Heritage Federal Savings & Loan Association in Salina , Kan. , is liquidated and the CD terminated , the brokerage firm would cover the premium Dr. Blumenfeld paid . 
`` But call her ` Patty , ' and it 's a sure giveaway you 're not in her circle , because she does n't use that name , '' says Joan Kron , editor-in-chief of Avenue magazine , a monthly publication sent to all the right names . 
The capital appreciation bonds are tentatively priced to yield to maturity from 7 % in 2001 to 7.10 % in 2003-2005 . 
In the past year , both have tried to stretch the limits of their businesses . 
Researchers at Sandia National Laboratories in Albuquerque , N.M. , reported they went so far as to take a `` cold fusion '' experiment and three neutron detectors into a tunnel under 300 feet of granite to shield the detectors from cosmic rays . 
Mr. Tait say he does n't blame Lilly . 
The use of 900 toll numbers has been expanding rapidly in recent years . 
Most of the money was lent to a series of shell companies in Panama and Luxembourg that were owned , directly or indirectly , by the Vatican bank . 
A Fidelity spokesman in Boston denied the speculation , saying the program-trading issue was more of a regulatory problem . 
`` If someone actually sat down and thought about what they were being sold , '' says Gerald Perritt , editor of the Mutual Fund Letter in Chicago , they might shy away . 
H.F. Ahmanson & Co. , the nation 's largest thrift holding company , posted a 12 % earnings decline for the third quarter while another large California savings and loan , Great Western Financial Corp. , reported a slight earnings gain . 
The executive branch bears the first responsibility for timidity . 
Most of the telephone problems in the immediate aftermath stemmed from congestion . 
Economists said the report raised speculation that the economic slowdown could turn into a recession , which would pave the way for the Federal Reserve to lower interest rates . 
Instead , he should listen to see how that criticism can be used constructively to advance his objective of carrying out a set of tasks through the efforts of his subordinates . 
Michael Hicks , who manages sales and trading for brokerage concern Societe Generale Strauss Turnbull , said : `` It 's a nervous market . 
In this method , a person invests a regular amount every month or quarter into the stock market whether the market is up or down . 
`` Everybody is worried about the possibility of cancellations , '' says Kurt Barnard , publisher of Barnard 's Retail Marketing Report . 
At that price , the company has an indicated value of $ 42.9 million . 
In 1987 , KKR for the second time piled debt onto Storer 's TV stations , selling them for $ 1.3 billion to a new entity that was 45%-owned by KKR and 55%-owned by Gillett Corp. , which now operates the SCI TV stations . 
Some organizations have devised their own systems to sort through news wire items as they come in . 
That 's more than 10 times the usual housing site size . 
Mr. Skase also said the restructuring plan calls for the merger of Qintex Australia with Qintex Ltd. , which owns 55 % of Qintex Australia . 
Mr. Broderick , the Massachusetts grower , says the `` big boss '' at a supermarket chain even rejected his Red Delicious recently because they were n't waxed and brushed for extra shine . 
The marriage of news and theater , if not exactly inevitable , has been consummated nonetheless . 
Some of the more cautious CD holders might like `` pre-refunded '' municipals . 
Other stocks in the Dow industrials that failed to benefit from the market 's rebound included United Technologies , which dropped 1 to 53 5\/8 , and Bethle hem Steel , which fell 1 to 16 7\/8 . 
Interest during first year paid semiannually at 7.51 % . 
Why not watch or hear your experience historicized while you were living it ? 
Under the agreement , Westinghouse will be able to purchase smaller combustion turbines from its Japanese partner , and package and sell them with its own generators and other equipment . 
Dealers said they also took profits to reduce holdings in their own account at the end of the October transaction period . 
The government built ports , bridges , highways , schools , hospitals and railways . 
A senior vice president and a vice president at James River Corp. sold the majority of their shares in the Richmond , Va. , paper-products concern in late August and early September , reports filed with the SEC show . 
Children from the community will have worthier role models than the drug kingpins . 
The wounds from the 1987 crash have n't yet healed , and not all claims against the exchange clearinghouse -- by those who bet the Hang Seng index would fall -- have been settled . 
Also , the high price of San Francisco real estate puts the state at odds with federal regulations more attuned to the national average . 
`` The alternative -- Giuliani -- is ghastly . '' 
A final ratings tally from A.C. Nielsen Co. is due today . 
`` No , darling , '' she said recently in her fluent , slightly affected English , during a trip East to promote Movieline 's national expansion . 
Mr. Gaskin formerly was president and chief executive of Taylor & Gaskin Inc. and was a director of Prab Robots since 1985 . 
New management can take several steps to reduce dishonesty . 
Mr. Rahn was pointing out an elephant rumbling through Wall Street while conventional wisdom had fastened on the UAL flea . 
In a statement , Equitec Chairman Richard L. Saalfeld said the transfer will benefit both the company and investors in the 12 limited partnerships included in the proposed rollup . 
Annualized average rate of return after expenses for the past 30 days ; not a forecast of future returns . 
A severe recession could , of course , raise delinquency rates , but so far the current levels of consumer debt do n't seem to loom as a major threat . 
The league is the brainchild of Colorado real estate developer James Morley -- once a minor-leaguer himself -- who says he had the idea last January while lying on a beach in Australia . 
Anthony Wang , president , attributed the drop to the disruption of the company 's business resulting from the prolonged process of acquiring Cullinet . 
Meanwhile , overall evidence on the economy remains fairly clouded . 
The project could result in the U.S. taking more than 10 % of its natural gas supplies from Canada , up from about 5 % currently . 
For private-sector union workers , the cost of wages and benefits rose 0.9 % in the third quarter . 
In other European markets , shares closed sharply higher in Stockholm , Frankfurt , Zurich and Paris and higher in Milan , Amsterdam and Brussels . 
These measurements can indicate temperature changes , researchers said , because the rates of evaporation of these oxygen atoms differ as temperatures change . 
Michael J.C. Roth , USAA executive vice president , called program trading `` mindless . '' 
But the Glacier Bay case , the fund 's first test , shows how easily the fund can be undermined . 
`` I understand the firm 's enthusiasm in getting the deal , but such a large company would have been better off showing a little more discretion . '' 
In place of the games , ABC said it planned to broadcast next week 's episodes of its prime-time Wednesday and Thursday lineups , except for a one-hour special on the earthquake at 10 p.m. last night . 
There 's contract revenue from { limited research and development } partnerships . 
Kyocera advanced 80 yen to 5,440 . 
At Chase Manhattan Bank in New York , for example , the yield on a small denomination six-month CD fell about a quarter of a percentage point to 8.06 % . 
Presumably , UAL is now trading closer to its value based on earnings . 
Leading up to the speech was a drumroll of economic statistics suggesting that the British war on inflation will be more bruising than previously assumed . 
As the largest holder of acquisition preferred units , Mesa Limited Partnership would own about 28 % of Edisto after the transaction . 
The FCC plans to hear a day of testimony Nov. 16 on the plight of AM radio . 
DAYTON HUDSON CORP. , Minneapolis , retailer , annual sales of $ 12.2 billion , NYSE , closed seven of its 13 Bay-area Target discount stores and nine of its 20 Mervyn 's department stores because of pending reviews by structural engineers or requests from authorities , who were trying to keep shoppers off the freeways . 
The new options carry out part of an agreement that the pension fund , under pressure to relax its strict participation rules and to provide more investment options , reached with the SEC in December . 
But Mr. Gilmartin said the hurricane damage was n't extensive enough to prompt premium boosts . 
Much of the moderation came from declining energy prices , which have since turned up a bit , analysts said . 
Pachinko , a kind of pinball , is Japan 's favorite form of legal gambling . 
This is particularly good news for those who hate risk , who are incapable of doing extensive amounts of planning and who refuse to see their life styles hurt in any way . 
But Pfizer Inc. , based in New York , reported flat earnings . 
But Mr. Hemming said he was n't aware of the nature of the talks under way between committee members and their advisers . 
More carefully targeted intervention might actually reduce the need for government action . 
`` The problem is that while on the surface everything is all right , the question is , '' said Mr. Barakat , `` was there any structural damage to the pipelines or anything else . '' 
Midmorning , he dons an orange-and-blue uniform and , for fun , may field a bunt from Dave Kingman . 
Jewelry Makers Copy Cosmetics Sales Ploys 
Turkey 's legislature elected Prime Minister Ozal as the country 's first civilian president since 1960 , opening the way for a change of government under a new premier he will select . 
After failing to find a buyer for the Sears Tower in Chicago , Sears , Roebuck & Co. is negotiating with Boston pension fund adviser Aldrich , Eastman & Waltch Inc. to refinance the property for close to $ 850 million , according to people close to the negotiations . 
With a five-year defense plan costing more than $ 1.6 trillion , it 's about time we put together a defense strategy that works in Washington . 
The minimum coupon is 13 3\/4 % . 
While the model was still on view , Manhattan Community Board 1 passed a resolution against South Gardens . 
`` The RTC needs the most able , competent management available . '' 
Sometimes , as with `` Batman , '' the pair really do make the film . 
In response to this , the Socialist prime minister has simply cited his free-market accomplishments . 
Thus , the `` shadow '' jury was born . 
In the Treasury market , analysts expect bond prices to trade in narrow ranges this week as the market takes in positive and negative news . 
Meanwhile , net at GM 's finance arm , General Motors Acceptance Corp. , fell 3.1 % . 
After San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos spoke on television of the need for building inspectors to check the soundness of buildings , Los Angeles dispatched 32 inspectors to help . 
The accord with MIPS calls for Control Data to share its expertise in data storage , the companies said . 
Served up as a solo , however , the music lacks the resonance provided by a context within another medium . 
Mr. Kasparov remarked later that `` even a weak club player '' would have avoided the queen move . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
And , according to one dealer , Mr. Wachter had a penchant for introducing Mr. Paul with the phrase : `` He can buy anything . '' 
Executives universally believe workers should know their employer-sponsored benefits . 
Such efforts -- unheard of only a few years ago -- are the latest attempts to revive the sagging $ 1.76 billion U.S. ski industry . 
Even if Wall Street finds ways around the new rules , a Senate aide contends LBOs will become somewhat more difficult . 
`` A key part of the question is , how soon does this disk-drive come and how soon does production ramp up ? '' said Steve Cohen at SoundView Financial Group . 
The letter to Mr. Bush was signed by Reps. Bruce Vento ( D. , Minn. ) , the chairman of the Banking Committee 's RTC Task Force , Thomas McMillen ( D. , Md. ) , Kweisi Mfume ( D. , Md . ) and Paul Kanjorski ( D. , Pa . ) . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday . 
I was just sitting down to meet with some new therapy clients , a couple , and the building started shaking like crazy . 
Provigo was the most active industrial stock on the Montreal Exchange , where it closed at C$ 9.75 ( US$ 8.32 ) , up 75 Canadian cents . 
And when responsible scholars gain legitimate access to unpublished materials , copyright should not be permitted to deny them use of quotations that help to establish historical points . 
With a six-shooter in one hand and bourbon in the other . 
Union Pacific Corp. 's rail unit said that except for damage to shipping containers in its Oakland yard , its track , bridges and structures were unharmed . 
The deal , which will involve an initial $ 20 million investment , was struck with a handshake , he added . 
But `` a bunch of utilities '' should post profit increases . 
`` That suggests there is a little more inventory overhang than some people expected , '' said Edward Boss , senior financial economist at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
And he had n't used hormones , which many growers employ to elongate their Delicious apples for greater eye appeal . 
International Technology Corp. and Davy McKee Corp. , a unit of London 's Davy Corp. , said they were awarded a $ 55 million contract by the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers for the closure of the Helen Kramer Landfill Superfund site in Mantua Township , N.J . 
Britain 's B.A.T Industries PLC is trying to unwind its U.S. retailing operations , which include such well-known stores as Saks Fifth Avenue , Marshall Field 's , Breuners and Ivey 's . 
Ticketron 's automated wagering business , which operates lotteries in a half dozen states , is not for sale , the company said . 
By 1995 it will be planted more often than any other apple tree , according to a recent survey of six apple-industry sages by Washington State University horticulturist Robert Norton . 
The state has a $ 1 billion reserve , and is expected to add $ 1 billion to that fund in the next year . 
Mr. Whittle said private and parochial schools in both states will be canvassed to see if they are interested in getting the programs . 
Two of the major factors buoying prices , the prolonged strikes at the Highland Valley mine in Canada and the Cananea mine in Mexico , were finally resolved . 
NO MORE STUBBED toes or bruised shins , promises Geste Corp. of Goshen , Ind. , the designer of a bed support to replace traditional frames . 
It shows a boy hurling rocks at a street lamp . 
But he noted that speculators apparently do n't believe there is much more of a decline in store for cocoa . 
News of the restructuring plan sent Sea Containers ' shares up $ 1 to $ 62 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
But the firm also tracks smaller technology companies as a subset of the larger group . 
Vickers makes tanks for the U.K. army , Rolls Royce cars , and has marine and medical businesses . 
Here is the red tape that irks surveyed business owners the most : 
`` I think if you { can } speed things up , you can slow them down , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Phillips Petroleum shares fell $ 1.125 to $ 23.125 . 
Though no formal trade barriers exist , the Japanese computer industry is difficult for outsiders to enter . 
The hastily drafted measure could hurt California by requiring it to put up more matching funds for emergency highway assistance than otherwise would be required . 
Hawker Siddeley Group PLC , a U.K. engineering company , reported a 16 % jump in pretax profit for the six-month period ending June 30 . 
Even perks have been reduced . 
According to federal officials and drug-industry studies , nearly half of the 1.6 billion prescriptions filled each year are n't used properly , meaning that money is wasted on some prescriptions and patients are deprived of the benefits of medication . 
The proposal to sell directly to the public remains mired in bureaucratic quicksand . 
-- The reward for that reckless lending was high reported earnings ( and management bonuses ) ; the price , a sea of bad loans . 
For one thing , it may be tough to attract people because skiing is still expensive : a lift ticket can cost up to $ 35 a day and equipment prices are rising . 
`` Investors have to accept the possibility of a significant slowdown in economic activity in the runup to 1997 , '' she says . 
The owners are trying to boost profit in other ways , too . 
Today 20 million of the 25 million Americans using contact lenses are using the soft type . 
They are approaching everyone on the street and asking if they want to be in a docudrama . '' 
The company said the growth was led by its major operations , particularly mailing , shipping , dictating and facsimile businesses . 
What few comments he has initiated have been oblique , such as urging `` greater efforts toward the protection of human life '' at a meeting of Catholic lawyers in Boston last month . 
However , to resume the bull trend , according to Mr. O'Neill , copper would have to close over $ 1.19 . 
A bunch of tans and bathing suits posing as lovable lifeguards . 
They will be joined by Larry Gainen , who resigned from the firm of LePatner , Gainen & Block . 
In each case , the exchange is valued at $ 56.25 a share . 
Chevron 
The stock market 's precipitous drop frightened foreign investors , who quickly bid the dollar lower . 
Union sentiment also could influence shareholder reaction to a Jaguar-GM accord . 
At the time merchants were asking for premiums of about five cents a pound . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index of giant insurance and banking issues lost 2.38 to 458.32 . 
The issue is being sold through Freddie Mac 's 17-member securities selling group . 
The stock market reacted as Mr. Rahn did , crumbling as it absorbed the news that Mr. Darman 's strategy had been abandoned . 
Smith-Kline Beecham goes further and sometimes features its grievance procedure in closed-circuit TV programs . 
The takeover-stock traders were hoping that Mr. Davis or one of the other interested parties might re-emerge with the situation in disarray , or that the board might consider a recapitalization . 
Dubbed the `` Dire Emergency Supplemental to Meet the Needs of Natural Disasters of National Significance , '' the measure is vintage Whitten in asserting federal responsibility and in disdaining budget impediments . 
We doubt this claim just as we doubted Mr. Shevardnadze 's assurance last year that Krasnoyarsk did n't violate the ABM treaty . 
The glitzy office that Ivan Boesky vacated for a prison cell had previously contained commodity operators Marc Rich and `` Pinky '' Green , today fugitives from a potential century apiece of jail sentences . 
More than three-fourths of poor black families were headed by women . 
Revenue in the latest quarter rose 14 % to $ 589 million from $ 515.1 million . 
Additionally , the end of the month position-squaring might have also played a minor role , traders said . 
Further staff cuts are likely , the spokesman indicated . 
Just this past week , a leading Japanese bank asked for a meeting with the machinists ' union leaders to determine where the union would stand if another bid or recapitalization became possible . 
Says one West German official : `` What 's necessary now is the process of democratization . 
But here in Morgenzon , a sleepy town amid the corn fields of the eastern Transvaal , the Orange Workers are holding the pillars steady . 
4 . Make your due-process system visible . 
There are $ 15,015,000 of 7 1\/2 % bonds priced at par and due 2008 and $ 24,985,000 of 7.6 % bonds priced at par and due 2015 . 
Investors in the over-the-counter market dumped banking and insurance issues , sending the Nasdaq composite index lower for the third consecutive session . 
They fear that the boom may be too big for Japan 's or anyone else 's good . 
In an interview in New York , Mr. Breene , fresh from a Concorde flight from Paris where executives had worked through most of the night , outlined big plans for the new agency . 
Revenue was $ 873.9 million , up 7.3 % from $ 814.8 million . 
Corporate efforts to control health-care costs by requiring evaluations prior to planned hospitalization and surgery have n't been sweeping enough to reduce the long-term rate of cost increases , according to a study by the Institute of Medicine . 
But as one expert tells me : `` Whoever it is will have to work pretty damn hard to be worse than Barre . '' 
They do indeed want their own nation . 
The entire division employs about 850 workers . 
The Nikkei index of 225 selected issues fell 109.85 points to 35417.44 . 
Soviet companies needing Western currencies to buy equipment and supplies abroad will be able to submit bids . 
Shell 's chemical earnings fell by $ 67 million , to $ 137 million , reflecting lower margins and less demand for commodity chemicals . 
Dade County and federal authorities , learning that he intended to fly through Miami , made plans to arrest him on the gun-running charges as soon as he hit U.S. soil . 
Scenario 3 , the `` Current Dollar Freeze , '' has been the approximate position of the House of Representatives for about four years . 
This autumn 's edition of the biannual fair will run through Oct. 31 . 
Nevertheless , Salomon 's stock fell $ 1.125 yesterday to close at $ 23.25 a share in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
The consequence can be inflation , brought on as the effect of a desperate bid to avoid the deflationary shock of a sudden crash . 
Bus production also slipped , by 49 % from a year earlier to 2,936 units . 
Most of the factory closings and job cutbacks will affect Trinova 's Aeroquip operations , which manufacture automotive plastics , hoses and other industrial and automotive parts . 
Senate leaders had hoped to be able to send a compromise version of the measure to President Bush by the end of the week , but Speaker Foley said that was n't likely . 
But the nature of the problem is such that many others feel it has to be addressed soon , before all the evidence is in . 
Then , as growers bred them more for looks , and to satisfy supermarket chains ' demands of long-term storage , the Red went into decline . 
But Japanese agencies are cautious about expanding abroad because client relationships are different . 
And he managed to fend off further advances and even strike up an unlikely friendship with the interloper . 
Some $ 170 million of the $ 233 million increase in nonperforming loans was related to real estate , and roughly three-quarters of that was in the troubled New England market , according to Richard Driscoll , vice chairman . 
`` The interest deduction was the engine that made these things more productive . 
Villages like Zalubice exist in a desert of poor schools and few doctors . 
So far , the mega-issues are a hit with investors . 
`` The name Classic Coke has tremendous value , and they have n't merchandised that name before , '' says Jesse Meyers , publisher of the trade journal Beverage Digest . 
I had to reach back to French 101 when the monsieur avec clipboard leaned over my shoulder during the coffee phase of dinner and asked whether I wanted to ride in a montgolfiere . 
Although the economy showed no change of pace from the second quarter , many analysts expect it to slow considerably in the fourth quarter as demand for autos falls , partly because of higher prices on models introduced last month . 
Brokers agreed with the two-tier price theory . 
The transaction represents Lynch 's entry into the telephone business . 
Golenbock , with 35 lawyers , has lost several partners during the past year . 
Legal controversies in America have a way of assuming a symbolic significance far exceeding what is involved in the particular case . 
Berlitz will borrow an amount equal to its expected net proceeds from the offerings , plus $ 50 million , in connection with a credit agreement with lenders . 
Stocks : 
Here are auction details : 
Giant Industries Inc. , initial public offering of 3,111,000 common shares , of which 2,425,000 will be sold by the company , and the rest by holders , via Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. and Hanifen , Imhoff Inc . 
The Senate , 84-6 , voted to increase to $ 124,000 the ceiling on insured mortgages from the FHA , which lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults last year . 
Even the Bank of China , which normally took weeks to process letters of credit , was settling the letters at record speed to dispel rumors about the bank 's financial health . 
That would give the Pentagon flexibility that no other federal agency has . 
Moody 's said the ratings anticipate a successful debt-reduction program and modest improvement in discretionary cash flow because of planned asset sales . 
The insurance-industry association also strongly disagrees with the proposed community rating , which `` does n't save one dollar , '' argues James Dorsch , HIAA 's Washington counsel . 
Final approval was on a 67-31 roll call in the Senate , which sets the stage for a veto confrontation with Mr. Bush over the issue of publicly financed abortions for poor women . 
In his Rolling Stone interview in 1980 , Mr. Bush volunteered his abortion-rights remarks to contrast himself with his rival , Ronald Reagan . 
Most other supercomputer manufacturers have yet to adopt the Posix standard , Mr. Paluck said , adding that they prefer to maintain proprietary systems that lock in customers . 
According to the report , inventories outside the farm sector grew at an annual rate of $ 24.6 billion in the third quarter , up from a $ 19.5 billion pace in the second quarter . 
The company said it plans to use the sale proceeds to invest in business opportunities more closely identified with the company 's `` refocused direction . 
( All bourbon comes from Kentucky , though Jack Daniel 's Tennessee whiskey often is counted as bourbon because of similarity of taste . ) 
With the increase , even more developing-country energy and talent would be diverted from creating profitable economic systems to setting up economic planning ministries that generate IMF-approved economic plans . 
The laptops are not revolutionary and , indeed , are tardy in a market first opened by GRiD Systems Corp. , now a unit of Tandy Corp. , almost two years ago . 
Normally , once the underlying investment is suspended from trading , the options on those investments also do n't trade . 
Mr. Morishita considers himself a connoisseur of art . 
No way . 
The noncallable issue , which has a one-time put Oct. 15 , 1999 , was priced at a spread of 66 basis points above the Treasury 's 10-year note . 
That inquiry has n't resolved similar allegations involving another Chemical options trader . 
Lone Star Technologies said it and its subsidiary 's creditors agree that the parent company owes the unit money , but they have n't been able to reach agreement on the amount . 
Analysts were most unsettled by evidence the backlog of orders at factories is slipping . 
Mr. Kossuth , 52 years old , succeeds Ermanno Pascutto , 36 , who resigned to join Hong Kong 's Securities and Futures Commission . 
He succeeds Paul P. Aniskovich Jr. , who resigned to pursue other business interests , the company said . 
Moreover , Individual Inc. 's computers can weigh the value of an article based on how closely the story matches the subscriber 's interest area . 
Mr. Dinkins 's campaign manager and former chief of staff , Bill Lynch , denies that the Manhattan borough president has taken too long to decide important issues . 
`` We must either integrate honestly or segregate honestly . '' 
Peter Gumbel in Moscow contributed to this article . 
The U.S. officials said that despite the rapid changes under way in Eastern Europe and the Soviet Union , all the Cocom members agreed on `` the continuing need for this organization , '' which was founded 40 years ago at the start of the Cold War . 
General Dynamics appealed to the high court , backed by numerous business trade groups , arguing that the appeals court definition restricts the defense too severely . 
Honeywell Inc. said it hopes to complete shortly the first of two sales of shares in its Japanese joint venture , Yamatake-Honeywell , for about $ 280 million . 
BankAmerica eased 1\/2 to 31 7\/8 and Wells Fargo lost 1\/2 to 81 1\/2 ; the two bank holding companies , based in San Francisco , were forced to curtail some operations due to the temblor . 
`` I felt kind of safe , '' she says . 
Some highly publicized cases involving RICO TROs have been the subject of considerable criticism in the press , because of a perception that pre-trial freezing of assets is tantamount to a seizure of property without due process . 
Instead , the press corps readily accepted the notion that a snag in the takeover financing of United Airlines instantly knocked 7 % off the value of the nation 's capital stock and caused convulsions around the world . 
Until now it had sat idle . 
Antwerp auctioneer Campo is less concerned with market niches than with Belgium 's crushing tax and auction-fee burden . 
A half-dozen Soviet space officials , in Tokyo in July for an exhibit , stopped by to see their counterparts at the National Space Development Agency of Japan . 
Supporting banks will sign a `` Texas Declaration of Independents . '' 
The secretary is the world 's biggest borrower of money . 
`` A few boilerplate warnings about cancer appear but that 's only two inches in all four pages . 
Asked how the company hopes to expand its computer hardware business , Mr. Ousley said it sees good opportunities in systems integration . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
In the U.S. , more than half the PC software sold is either for spreadsheets or for database analysis , according to Lotus . 
`` People are placing small bets . 
Each of the units consists of two warrants , each of which could be used to purchase a half-share of common stock , and one depositary preference share . 
Nine-month sales grew 12 % to $ 3.39 billion from $ 3.03 billion a year earlier . 
Both men were charged in a subordinate court and released on bail of S$ 1 million . 
A daily news briefing from the company librarian , for example , would have a distinctive format on the screen , just as a paper version would have . 
If the House prevails in its efforts to kill the catastrophic-care plan , the monthly Part B premium will be $ 29 next year . 
Reports by the Office of Technology Assessment do n't prescribe any specific legislative action but suggest a range of options that Congress may pursue . 
An NFL spokesman also says the league will probably expand its offerings to cable TV companies like ESPN . 
Bancroft Convertible Fund Inc. , New York , likely will reject a renewed offer from Florida investor Robert I. Green to buy Bancroft for $ 18.95 a share . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Most studies show that buy-and-hold investors historically have earned an annual return from stocks of 9 % to 10 % , including both dividends and price appreciation . 
Moreover , Suez had just finished winning an even larger battle last year for control of Societe Generale de Belgique . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Philip Morris closed at $ 43.375 , up 12.5 cents . 
The board has 13 members elected by holders and five presidential appointees . 
A spokesman said HealthVest has paid two of the three banks it owed interest to in October and is in negotiations with the third bank . 
Revenue rose slightly to $ 3.8 billion from $ 3.7 billion . 
Specially trained IRS agents will look for under-reported income and unsupported deductions and credits . 
It is an admirable public relations program initiated by a single political leader during a four-year blink of history . 
The result is a $ 45 billion market , according to Securities Data Co . 
The high court refused to hear appeals by Rexall Drug Co. , which went out of business in 1987 and was taken over by RXDC Liquidating Trust ; E.R. Squibb & Sons Inc. , a unit of Squibb Corp. ; and Eli Lilly & Co . 
Equally important , the initial discovery of the gene that controls retinal cell growth , made by a Boston doctor named Thaddeus Dryja , has opened a field of cancer study , which in recent months has exploded . 
The latest period included the gain , which was $ 77 million before tax , from the previously announced sale of the institutional money management business of Lehman Management Co . 
`` The { influence of the } U.S. is not being felt in Central America ; Washington 's decisions do not respond to a policy , and are divorced from reality , '' says Fernando Volio , a Costa Rican congressman and former foreign minister . 
At TWA , the System Board of Adjustment hears 50 to 75 cases a year , only a fraction of the complaints brought to personnel specialists . 
British Airways fell 1 to 31 7\/8 . 
While many commentators , particularly French ones , worry that hasty and emotional reaction to the changes in the East might lead to dangerous pressures for a denuclearized Europe or the speeded-up withdrawal of American troops , Mr. Roper in London sees a more positive scenario . 
In July , Eastern and its creditors agreed on a reorganization plan that called for Eastern to sell $ 1.8 billion in assets and to emerge from bankruptcy-law protection at two-thirds its former size . 
In September 1988 , Eagle acquired Biny Clothing Inc. , a closely held New York chain operated under the Bonds name . 
Benjamin Jacobson & Sons has been the New York Stock Exchange specialist firm in charge of trading stock in UAL Corp. and its predecessors since the early 1930s . 
Holders at the meeting elected a full slate of Canadian Express nominees to Enfield 's 11-member board . 
The $ 125-billion-a-year Bay area economy represents one-fourth of the economy of the nation 's most populous state and accounts for 2 % to 3 % of the nation 's total output of goods and services , according to the Center for Continuing Study of the California Economy in Palo Alto . 
Home Nutritional Services Inc. , a wholly owned subsidiary of Healthdyne Inc. , proposed initial offering of four million common shares , of which 1.8 million will be sold by Home Nutritional Services and 2.2 million will be sold by Healthdyne , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Cipher Data , a San Diego maker of magnetic tape peripherals and optical disc drives , said the loss included reserves of $ 3.8 million related to a corporate restructuring . 
The Big Board yesterday began trading in its own basket trading vehicle representing the S&P 500 stocks . 
California Health Facilities Financing Authority -- $ 114 million of health facility revenue bonds ( Catholic Healthcare West ) , Series 1989A , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
BIGGER THAN A BREADBOX was this cash hoarder 's reputation for honesty . 
Senators are focusing on making a capital-gains differential permanent . 
Zurich-based magazine Bilanz lists Mr. Rey as having a fortune of about 1.5 billion Swiss francs . 
Those days are over now , he believes . 
One of them , 25-year-old Markus Hess of Hannover , allegedly used the international telecommunications network to break into more than 30 high-security computers in the U.S. , searching for secrets . 
He also said the introduction of a 3 % consumption tax in April has helped sales . 
Meanwhile , the U.S. House of Representatives yesterday approved an $ 837.5 million aid package for Poland and Hungary that more than doubles the amount President Bush had requested . 
The computer system was operating , so orders could be taken . 
A breakdown showed that food prices were the most active part of growth with a rise of 0.6 % . 
But Peter Brody , Magnascreen 's president , says Japanese companies are poised to snatch the technology and put it to commercial use , just as they did with earlier U.S. innovations in color television and video recording . 
Moves to accelerate the removal of dangerous pesticides gained new impetus during this year 's Alar scare , when the EPA was harshly criticized for failing to yank the possible carcinogen , a growth regulator used to make apples redder and crunchier . 
The announcement of the buy-out 's troubles triggered the market 's nose dive a week ago . 
Now it offers richer commissions to lure a broker a week . 
A former U.S. Marine , Mr. Dinkins got off to a quick start in politics , joining a local Democratic political club in the 1950s , linking up with black urban leaders such as Charles Rangel , Basil Paterson and Mr. Sutton , and getting himself elected to the state assembly in 1965 . 
He chastises Jo Franklin-Trout for her inept presentation of advocacy journalism , judging her project as `` intellectually slipshod . '' 
The new holding company , Webster\/Eagle Bancorp Inc. , will have about $ 1.2 billion of assets and 19 banking offices in Connecticut . 
Each of the 1,075,000 warrants entitle the holders to purchase one share of Apogee common stock for $ 2.25 . 
While Mr. Woodland does n't predict a significant climb for the U.S. unit in light of recent moves in interest rates around the world , he noted that `` its downside potential is surprisingly and -- for dollar bulls -- `` impressively '' limited . 
Currently , there is a lull in the psyllium war . 
UAL fell $ 6.25 a share to $ 191.75 on volume of 2.3 million shares in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange as concern deepened among takeover stock traders about the length of time it will take to revive the purchase . 
A Saatchi spokesman declined to comment about Interpublic . 
The market also shrugged off positive factors , such as higher bond prices and a slowdown in monetary growth in September , traders said . 
Last week the company indicated it would cut back on the working capital it would supply to Qintex Entertainment . 
Wednesday 's report from the purchasing agents will be watched to see if the index maintains a level below 50 % , as it has for the past couple of months . 
Rights attached to the company 's common shares were issued that are triggered if a hostile bidder acquires more than 20 % of the shares outstanding . 
Last week , the Grand Union offering was sweetened to include warrants that allow bondholders to acquire common stock . 
The other involves the sale of about 35 of the company 's high-end workstations to the National Institutes of Health . 
MCA said it expects the proposed transaction to be completed `` no later than Nov. 10 . 
The selling that started on Friday continued yesterday . 
Yesterday , in national trading in the over-the-counter market , Gen-Probe common closed at $ 3.25 a share . 
By moving the design of new products in-house -- instead of contracting out the work -- the company also has been able to come up with designs that can be manufactured more efficiently , he said . 
The average seven-day compounded yield fell to 8.55 % from 8.60 % the week earlier , Donoghue 's said . 
A Ford official confirmed in Tokyo that the U.S. motor vehicle maker is studying such an arrangement . 
The new Mips machine , called the RC6280 , will cost $ 150,000 for a basic system . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Simmons said he and companies he controls , NL Industries Inc. and NL Chemicals Inc. , hold 6,744,600 shares of Lockheed , of Calabasas , Calif . 
Buying activity Tuesday centered on a wide range of midcapitalization , domestic demand-related shares whose prices range from 1,000 to 2,000 yen . 
He views the $ 1.10 to $ 1.12 range as a buying opportunity and considers the market oversold . 
Ah , the glamour of professional sports . 
A 30 % cut in this year 's capital gains alone amounts to roughly $ 50 billion . 
Amgen Inc. said its second-quarter earnings increased more than tenfold to $ 3.9 million , or 22 cents a share , due to increased sales of the company 's new antianemia drug for kidney patients . 
There may be a truce in the long war of nerves between the White House and Congress over how this country conducts secret intelligence operations abroad . 
Now , clients know that new associates have had some practical training before working on their cases , says James J. Hanks , a partner at the firm . 
A similar machine already on the market , made by Rank Sintel Ltd. , a unit of Rank Organisation , costs about $ 500,000 . 
William O. McCoy , president of the company 's BellSouth Enterprises Inc. unit , said the revised agreement with LIN would dilute BellSouth earnings by about 9 % in both 1990 and 1991 and by significantly less thereafter . 
Nikon forecast sales for the year ending March 31 will rise 9.6 % to 240 billion yen . 
It is on behalf of these people , and out of my real respect for them , that I am responding to Mr. Asman 's opinions of their country . 
Outside investors , scarce since '86 , are edging back . 
Money is n't the only reason for the shift in practice preferences . 
At Pacific Telesis Group , flextime is left up to individual working groups , because some of the telephone company 's employees must be on-site during normal business hours , a spokeswoman says . 
That 's certainly good news for such companies as Compaq Computer Corp. , Houston , which has only a four-day supply of microprocessors from the Valley on hand because of a just-in-time manufacturing approach that limits the buildup of inventory . 
The Nasdaq Bank Index rose 0.17 to 432.78 . 
`` Because personal computers will soon be on the desks of all of our tellers , and customer service and loan representatives , information will be instantly available to help customers with product decisions and provide them with information about their accounts , '' according to John Kelley , executive vice president and corporate services group manager at First Tennessee . 
While international politics may argue for the capital increase , there is a clear economic case against it . 
Some of these problems are neither new nor unique to the OTC market . 
Non-executive directors of Qintex Australia , who must approve payments to the senior executives , balked at the amount . 
Last November , a federal grand jury indicted GE on charges of fraud and false claims in connection with an alleged scheme to defraud the Army of $ 21 million on a logistics computer contract . 
It noted , however , that it has n't determined any specific terms of a possible transaction . 
What Gov. Clinton is advocating , in effect , is extending the educational system down to the pre-kindergarten years . 
A Genentech spokeswoman said the agreement calls for Hoechst to promote TPA for heart patients and streptokinase for other clot-reducing purposes . 
But the pilots union , which has been pushing for a takeover since 1987 , appears to be pressing ahead with the revised bid to avoid further loss of momentum even though it has n't found a partner to replace British Air . 
The U.S. and Canada , which do more trade than any other pair of nations , are to meet next month to arrange an acceleration of planned tariff cuts under the U.S.-Canada free trade agreement . 
And using liquidation value assuming the sale of all UAL assets , First Boston estimated the airline is worth $ 253 to $ 303 a share . 
The government later brought a $ 1.1 billion fraud suit against Mr. Keating and others . 
Growth stocks may be as big as Philip Morris or medium-sized such as Circuit City Stores , but their common characteristic is a history of increasing profits on the order of at least 15 % to 20 % a year , money managers say . 
They said they dropped plans to infiltrate the Kennedy Space Center after NASA beefed up its security . 
`` If you have a position , you 're better off to stick with it than to move around very much , '' says Republican strategist John Sears . 
`` These products are the heart of our transmission-product line , '' Mr. Buchner said . 
The drop in mortality rates for women was less steep -- 8.9 % for blacks and 5.3 % for whites . 
The troupe currently performs in a converted dairy that seats 211 and provides little capacity for staging anything beyond a simple one-set production . 
By contrast , a parliamentary system based on abstract political rights and groups was held to cause , rather than resolve , conflict . 
A merchant bank and investment fund have agreed to co-sponsor a reorganization plan to bring Sharon Steel Corp. out of Chapter 11 proceedings and to acquire the company 's steel-related assets in a transaction valued at more than $ 300 million . 
And a squad of influential former Senate aides employed by the Wall Street firm Salomon Brothers came to the Capitol in a vain attempt to strip the provision . 
Mr. Shiflett is an editorial writer for the Rocky Mountain News . 
Analysts agree that the price drop should especially benefit the two big tissue makers , Scott Paper and Kimberly-Clark . 
However , he said he planned to spend the weekend making calls to gather additional support . 
`` I said , ` Somebody come get me . 
The announcement , in which they said hostilities had ceased , followed a two-day meeting in Madrid . 
They should never be on . 
In stock-index arbitrage , traders buy and sell large amounts of stocks with offsetting trades in stock-index futures and options . 
Massachusetts -- Approximately $ 230 million of general bonds , consolidated loan of 1989 , Series D , via competitive bid . 
Mr. Packwood all but conceded defeat , telling Mr. Mitchell : `` I sense at this stage you may have the votes . '' 
`` If the earnings acceleration is to take place , that should be the quarter . 
But acting as a drag on prices was the improved harvest weather over the weekend and the prospect for continued fair weather this week over much of the Farm Belt . 
In the Bell Labs experiments , an MRI-type of machine , synchronized with the heartbeat via an electrocardiogram , rapidly flashes a magnetic field on and off as blood passes a certain point in a vessel . 
He says that because Seita 's profits are limited by government-controlled cigarette prices , he does n't have the cash to diversify as heavily into food and drink as the U.S. concern has done . 
Graham Pimlott , 40 , was named to the new post of chief executive officer of the merchant-banking corporate-finance division . 
From its inception , Conner has targeted the market for battery-operated machines , building hard-disk drives that are smaller and use far less power than those offered by competitors such as Seagate . 
`` The biographer\/critic , '' Judge Leval wrote , `` should not be required simply to express ... conclusions without defending them by example . 
The telephone number for the charity in Shelton , Conn. , has been disconnected , and the former officials could n't be located . 
Nelson Holdings International Ltd. dropped the most on a percentage basis , to 1,000 shares from 255,923 . 
`` We think there will be positive as well as negative reactions , '' says Raymond Pettit , senior vice president and chief financial officer of Rockefeller Group . 
And important U.S. lawmakers must decide at the end of November if the Contras are to receive the rest of the $ 49 million in so-called humanitarian assistance under a bipartisan agreement reached with the Bush administration in March . 
Now , stock prices seem to be in a general retreat . 
Rumors of an impending devaluation have been circulating in Moscow for weeks , but the size of the cut took many Western bankers by surprise . 
Among the insider sales , Charles Raikes , the firm 's general counsel , sold 12,281 shares in August , representing 46 % of his holdings in the company . 
In fact , the generation of painters growing into maturity right now works with such profoundly held humanist assumptions and such passionate commitment to moral and ethical principles that it makes Che Guevara 's famous linkages of art , idealism and revolution seem modest . 
It also is trying to shore up its tobacco business . 
Chugai agreed to pay $ 6.25 a share for Gen-Probe 's 17.6 million common shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis . 
Excluding the one-time charges , the company would have posted earnings of $ 298 million , or 73 cents a share . 
A balance of $ 25.8 million remained in late order-taking , according to the lead manager . 
The offices are done in hardwood and oriental rugs , leatherbound books and , of course , a $ 12 million Rubens . 
Her goal : to top 300 ad pages in 1990 , up from about 274 this year . 
His performance was so effusive and driven that the phrases rarely breathed . 
HHS OFFICIALS expect Secretary Sullivan to continue a ban on research using fetal tissue . 
`` Only a decade ago cancer was a black box about which we knew nothing at the molecular level . 
The airlines presented it as offering consumers more choice and better flight connections . 
The laws take effect next month . 
Canadian officials said the trade pact has kindled an export interest among many small Canadian companies that previously had little or no foreign sales . 
Even the beloved Dallas Cowboys were bought by an Arkansas oil man . 
The small U.S. firms are persisting because of their strong positions in patents , and because the prize is still there to be seized . 
Aside from Europe , the Pacific division is where Coke will be focusing much of its attention for years to come . 
Its interest expense surged to $ 21.5 million from $ 12.4 million . 
But the steam may never reach the engine room . 
`` In the past , you just wore Fruit of the Loom and did n't care , '' says Peter Kim , U.S. director of consumer behavior research for the J. Walter Thompson ad agency . 
Lloyd 's overblown bureaucracy also hampers efforts to update marketing strategies . 
Ending tax-free shopping in the European Community after 1992 could threaten more than 3,000 jobs , the International Duty Free Confederation said . 
Insurance analysts say the exchange 's downturn in profitability is likely to be aggravated by more than $ 600 million in aviation losses ( including the 1988 Pan Am airline disaster over Lockerbie , Scotland ) and a still-uncalculated chunk of claims from September 's Hurricane Hugo . 
The Amex Market Value Index fell 1.25 to 375.16 . 
Industry observers expect a wide divergence in performance . 
The volume resulted in dial-tone delays that were as short as 15 seconds and as long as five minutes . 
On a demonstration board , emcee Shelby Lyman showed a quick kill initiated by a knight sacrifice ; no spectator refuted this line of play . 
-- Marvin Alisky . 
The report follows five-consecutive declines in full monthly figures . 
Last April , the new defense secretary , Richard Cheney , acknowledged that , `` given an ideal world , we 'd have a nice , neat , orderly process . 
A survey of 54,000 of them conducted by the IAFP in April showed that these practitioners alone had controlled or guided the investment of $ 154 billion of their clients ' money in the previous 12 months . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Hundreds of smaller creditors could get nothing , according to attorneys involved . 
Mr. Hersly formerly was group vice president of marketing and product planning for Chyron and president of the telesystems and video products division . 
Sotheby 's made the $ 100 million guarantee to keep the Dorrance collection away from its archrival , auction house Christie 's International PLC ; Christie 's has handled smaller sales for the Dorrance family over the years . 
Montedison now owns about 72 % of Erbamont 's shares outstanding . 
Some analysts are concerned that the mega-issues , in such an unregulated environment , could lead to a mega-crash . 
Pierre Peladeau , a Canadian newspaper publisher little-known in the U.S. , figures to become a big player in North American printing -- and his ambitions do n't end there . 
A poll conducted in July by a Gallup affiliate showed that 64 % of Costa Ricans believe that if their country is militarily attacked by either Nicaragua or Panama , the U.S. will come to its defense . 
That amounts to more than $ 350 billion a year . 
Most will stay open late Saturday night and open their doors again Sunday . 
But it is driven by the same fiscal pressures that have forced lawmakers to resort to various bookkeeping devices to juggle as much as $ 1 billion in spending that would otherwise put the bill over budget . 
Like Mr. Brown , they sometimes go to surprising lengths to meet that overarching corporate goal : delivering the goods on time . 
The probe involves testing procedures used on certain government contracts by the company 's Metatrace unit . 
There are those who say that this is nothing new , that America has always suffered from a bad case of schizophrenia when it comes to the dichotomy between what is professed and what is practiced . 
Some 1,750 members quit the exchange last year , more than triple the number of resignations in 1987 . 
The TW buy-out may yet be financed . 
Mr. Shaffer takes primary responsibility for the electronic and technical-services group . 
It is most effective taken about a week after a woman misses her menstrual period up through the seventh week of pregnancy , when it is markedly less effective . 
They do n't even want to talk to you . 
Father Trabold often uses what he calls `` a therapeutic exorcism '' : a few prayers and an admonition to the spirit to leave . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Soviet leader Mikhail Gorbachev opened a major U.S. trade exhibition in Moscow and spent two hours touring some of the 150 stalls representing such blue-chip companies as General Motors Corp. , International Business Machines Corp. and Johnson & Johnson . 
BNL , which is controlled by the Italian Treasury , was rocked by the disclosure last month that its Atlanta branch extended more than $ 3 billion in unauthorized credits to Iraq . 
`` When Sears has a sale at a special price , '' the woman in the ad declares , `` it 's something you do n't want to miss . '' 
Ferembal has 930 workers at four canning manufacturing plants and one plastic container facility . 
As a public figure , Mr. Masson had to prove malice and , as proof of malice , Mr. Masson contended that defamatory quotations ascribed to him by Ms. Malcolm were in fact fabricated . 
Mr. Taylor 's overwhelming victory against Republican Tom Anderson reclaims a seat the Republicans had held for 17 years and gives the Democrats their fifth victory in the seven special House elections held this year . 
In a ruling by the Fifth U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals in New Orleans , Mr. Gaubert received the go-ahead to pursue a claim against the Federal Home Loan Bank Board and the Federal Home Loan Bank of Dallas for losses he suffered when the Bank Board closed the Independent American Savings Association of Irving , Texas . 
As the death toll from last week 's temblor climbed to 61 , the condition of freeway survivor Buck Helm , who spent four days trapped under rubble , improved , hospital officials said . 
Increasingly accurate estimates of the severity of the quake became available before I got to my car . 
Born in 1937 in a Baltic Sea town now part of Poland , he was eight years old when World War II ended . 
Details of credit enhancements vary widely from issue to issue . 
SEC Chairman Richard Breeden said the cooperation by the exchanges would enable investors to buy and sell options listed solely on the Pacific exchange , guaranteeing the liquidity of the market . 
Most also were relatively undercapitalized compared with the size of most Wall Street securities firms . 
It is famous as the winter home of the whooping crane , that symbol of the destruction of wild America . 
Israeli counterterrorism officials provided the State Department with a 20-page list of recent terrorist incidents they attribute directly to forces controlled by PLO Chairman Yasser Arafat . 
ESPs are also an attempt by the Big Board to head off the exodus of program trading business to overseas markets such as London . 
It included lawyers from civil rights and consumer groups , plaintiffs ' lawyers and defense attorneys , corporate counsel and law professors . 
Mr. Decker is about 45 years old . 
This same tendency toward openness impressed a group of visiting U.S. congressmen this spring . 
And the merchandise was , well , fake . 
Perhaps even the American apologists will now accede . 
Westinghouse 's plant will provide electrical power to the Southern California Edison Co. and backup power and steam to the U.S. Borax & Chemical Co . 
The pilots could borrow against the value of their concessions , using the proceeds to buy back stock from the public and give themselves the majority control they have been seeking . 
`` The period when growth stocks should be performing well is when their earnings are growing at a superior rate to the general level of corporate profits , '' says Stephen Boesel , president of T. Rowe Price 's Growth and Income Fund . 
Sea Containers plans to sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 each . 
A magistrate had initially refused the request , ruling that the attack had been a political act for which the man , Mahmoud El-Abed Ahmad , would be exempt from extradition . 
British Airways PLC said it is seeking improved terms and a sharply lower price in any revised bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. following the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion , $ 300-a-share buy-out bid . 
INTENSIVE AUDITS are coming to 55,500 taxpayers as research guinea pigs . 
With interest in emigration and investment abroad soaring since June 4 , that assumption no longer seems so safe . 
Have the freedoms of glasnost gone to Mr. Ovcharenko 's head ? 
The urgency is heightened because this week 's earthquake -- while major and followed by hundreds of aftershocks -- did n't release enough pent-up energy tension along the faultlines to preclude more and bigger quakes soon . 
August adjusted spending by wage-earning families was down 0.6 % to 309,381 yen from a year earlier . 
`` Before the sun sets on the '80s , it seems nothing will be left unhocked . '' 
`` At this price , $ 18 plus or minus , and with costs being significantly less than they were several years ago , the economics are pretty good , '' says George Kadane , head of the company . 
Capital requirements will be declining and no new generating facilities will be required for several years , Moody 's said . 
It was Nasdaq 's biggest percentage gainer . 
And especially , as the Cobb Parkway strip attests , in cars . 
The producer of paper used in magazines and by commercial printers said spending on the expansion is planned to begin in the first quarter of 1990 . 
Troubled Saatchi & Saatchi Co. has attracted offers for some of its advertising units , with potential suitors including Interpublic Group , but has rejected them , people familiar with the company said . 
Mr. Niciporuk here wants 60 acres used at the moment by a state farm . 
`` That 's just nonsense . '' 
( See related story : `` The American Way of Buying : Is Buying a Car a Choice or a Chore ? -- 
The results made net income for the year ended Aug. 31 C$ 2.7 million , or 20 Canadian cents a share , down from C$ 9.7 million , or 70 Canadian cents a share last year . 
For the six months ended Sept. 30 , Daiwa reported unconsolidated ( parent company ) net income of 79.03 billion yen ( $ 556.5 million ) on revenue of 332.38 billion yen ( $ 2.34 billion ) . 
`` The report provides detailed documentation of the extent and nature of the problem and indicates how we may want to shape solutions , '' said Joseph Genova , chairman of the committee that oversaw the survey and a partner at the law firm of Milbank , Tweed , Hadley & McCloy . 
But Beijing ca n't cut back on such essential imports as raw materials for too long without hampering the country 's export business . 
The Senate passed the same bill yesterday , with a veto-proof majority of 67 . 
But there are signs now -- the strikes by miners , Boeing workers , telephone workers , etc. -- that this attack on wages is being more fiercely resisted . 
Here , in an area smaller than a city block , lay buried traces of countless weird creatures that had frolicked more than 500 million years ago -- creatures whose anatomical variety far exceeded what can be found in all the world 's oceans today . 
They are based on dubious psychological and sociological theories rather than on educational experience . 
The government currently is subsidizing an estimated 23,000 loans above 11 % under the 235 program , and however disruptive to private investors , the refinancing is expected to yield at least $ 15 million in savings in fiscal 1990 . 
The software conversion costs would dwarf any savings . '' 
The Merksamer bankruptcy-law filing appears to supersede that agreement . 
Art , says the playwright in `` Wedding Song , '' is `` the surrogate for the action that an idealist like me is unable to take . '' 
Vincent Jolivet Kenmore , Wash . 
He was co-chairman of Mr. Bush 's Arizona campaign committee in last year 's election , and also worked for Mr. Bush in the 1980 election . 
In addition , GM 's North American vehicle production fell 8.4 % from a year ago , which hurt Delco Electronic 's earnings , a company spokesman said . 
Japanese government bonds ended lower after the dollar rose modestly against the yen . 
Analysts estimate Colgate 's world-wide third-quarter sales rose about 8 % to $ 1.29 billion . 
For now , says Laurence Drivon , president-elect of the 6,000-member California Trial Lawyers Association , `` the last thing we really need to worry about is whether anybody is going to get sued , or whether they have liability or not . 
`` I like to succeed , '' says Mr. Rey during a recent morning of working at home , which he also likes . 
The disclosure follows last Friday 's news that Bond Corp. incurred an overall loss of A$ 980.2 million for the fiscal year ended June 30 , the largest loss in Australian corporate history . 
Harold Jones , Lincoln 's chief retail banking officer , said there has n't yet been `` a discernible response , '' although the ad included a coupon that could arrive later in the week . 
Separately , a Campeau shareholder filed suit , charging Campeau , Chairman Robert Campeau and other officers with violating securities law . 
In 1972 , the Justice Department required that the electoral map in the borough of Brooklyn be redrawn to concentrate black and Hispanic votes , despite protests that the new electoral boundaries would split a neighborhood of Hasidic Jews into two different districts . 
Both will report to Tim Breene , a former WCRS executive who will be chief executive officer at the new agency . 
He also noted that various work environments , such as night work , have their own `` stressors . '' 
Speaking to a joint meeting of Congress earlier , he said South Korea ca n't move quickly on such agricultural trade issues `` without causing political and social trauma . 
U.S. law requires criminal defendants to turn over foreign documents such as those sought in the Marcos case . 
Its telecommunications headquarters in Burlingame , Calif. , had been knocked out since the quake . 
Meanwhile , another hospital 's proposal for a new-generation lithotripter is pending before the board that administers the certificate-of-need law . 
`` The cost of competition has become extremely high , '' he says . 
Bankruptcy specialists say Mr. Kravis set a precedent for putting new money in sour LBOs recently when KKR restructured foundering Seaman Furniture , doubling KKR 's equity stake . 
Diversified , the holding company for Fidelity Federal Savings & Loan Association , said the agreement also gives Star States the option to acquire 588,300 of Diversified 's 1,774,326 shares outstanding `` under certain circumstances . '' 
The announcement came as Societe Commerciale , a trading company with activities in more than 40 countries , reported a loss of 320.5 million francs ( $ 51 million ) for the first six months of this year , partly because of provisions on future losses . 
This is not nearly good enough . 
CMS is nearly done converting the Midland plant to a gas-fired cogeneration facility at a cost of $ 600 million . 
Jim Beam Brands Co. , a division of American Brands Inc. , is the leading exporter of bourbon and produces 10 other types of liquor . 
As a police helicopter circled overhead , Mr. Sisulu repeated the ANC 's demands on the government to create a climate for negotiations : Release all political prisoners unconditionally ; lift all bans and restrictions on individuals and organizations ; remove all troops from the black townships ; end the state of emergency , and cease all political trials and political executions . 
Gives me the willies just thinking about it . 
He said 30 % of the loans he sampled were `` dead meat on the day they were made . '' 
A parliamentary investigative committee dominated by the Congress ( I ) Party concludes that there were no middlemen in the deal and no payment to any Indian individual or company . 
International Business Machines Corp. was given a $ 31.2 million Air Force contract for satellite data systems equipment . 
That 's an emerging business in which computer makers or consultants provide turnkey communications and computing services to major corporations . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
Some fund managers say inflows could increase in coming days as a result of stock selling in the wake of Friday 's 190.58 point drop in the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
Traders anticipated a volatile session due to the October expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
In the end , Teddy returns alone to America , leaving Ruth in Max 's chair . 
Already the firm has paid $ 211,666 of the fine , the suit said , and it will have to liquidate additional assets in order to pay the rest . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
The agency 's workers and private companies would be allowed to bid for the assets up for sale . 
Thus falsely reassured , investors sent $ 11.4 million to the Newport Beach company , most of which was diverted to unauthorized uses , the indictment charges . 
Mayer , Brown & Platt , Chicago , added two partners to its Houston office , Eddy J. Roger Jr. , and Jeff C. Dodd ... . 
He adds that `` they were aware of the propensity for earthquakes and the San Andreas Fault . '' 
Those employees are suspected of illegally gaining an estimated $ 376.8 million , the prosecutor was quoted as saying by the Excelsior news service . 
Since few insurers have announced what amount of losses they expect to see from the earthquake , it 's impossible to get a clear picture of the quake 's impact on fourth-quarter earnings , said Herbert Goodfriend at Prudential-Bache Securities Corp . 
Orders for military equipment , household appliances , machinery and other goods expected to last at least three years dipped 0.1 % last month , to $ 126.68 billion , after leaping 3.9 % in August , the department said . 
In such an environment , a market maker can absorb huge losses . 
Complying with environmental and workplace regulations runs a close second . 
That came in the seventh inning of Game Four when , trailing 8-2 , they scored four times and brought their big heat -- Will Clark and Kevin Mitchell -- to the plate with one out and a runner on . 
McCaw Cellular Communications Inc. must extend its offer for LIN Broadcasting Corp. because it has `` not yet announced committed financing sufficient to complete '' the bid , LIN said in New York . 
These shares will be bought by SIBV-MS Holdings at $ 41.75 each after the acquisition of the minority shares . 
New York , one of the nation 's largest issuers of tax-exempt bonds , sold $ 750 million of municipal bonds just a few weeks ago . 
In Geneva , however , they supported Iran 's proposal because it would have left the Saudi percentage of the OPEC total intact , and increased actual Saudi volume to nearly 5.3 million barrels daily from five million . 
The report says that investigations were severely hampered by lack of cooperation from Bofors . 
Amdahl 's results were somewhat worse than expected . 
What 's more , a flood of new products has given consumers a dizzying choice of brands , many of which are virtually carbon copies of one other . 
Merc officials said Gary N. Roberts was disciplined following the exchange 's investigation of his trading in several commodities pits from July to November 1988 . 
Oakland officials were still uncertain about the magnitude of structural damage late yesterday ; a section of I-880 , a twotiered highway , collapsed in Oakland , causing a majority of the deaths resulting from the quake . 
The 650-or-so local whites who are n't Orange Workers are more troubled . 
Lodestar Group said it will make a $ 6-a-share offer for the remaining Kinder-Care Learning Center common stock if it acquires a majority of the company 's shares in a pending rights offering by Kinder-Care Learning Center 's parent , Kinder-Care Inc . 
Charles Davidow , of the Washington , D.C.-based law firm Wilmer , Cutler & Pickering , which represents Mr. Boesky in this matter , said only that `` discussions are under way . 
But as part of the overall agreement , Grumman and its outspoken supporters on Capitol Hill effectively will be precluded from reopening the emotional issue in the debate over next year 's budget . 
Third-quarter and nine-month results do n't include any provision for premium returns that could be ordered by the California Department of Insurance under Proposition 103 . 
Health-care companies should get healthier in the third quarter . 
That was the question structural engineers and California transportation officials were asking themselves yesterday as rescue workers began the gruesome task of trying to extract as many as 250 victims from beneath the concrete slabs of the double-deck Nimitz Freeway in Oakland that caved in during Tuesday 's temblor . 
Fujitsu Ltd. is lavishing the most expensive promotion campaign in its history -- including a 100,000-guest bash at Tokyo Dome -- for its sophisticated sound\/graphics FM Towns machine , which it advertises for everything from balancing the family checkbook to practicing karaoke , bar singing . 
In the second quarter , Bethlehem posted a $ 50 million charge related to its plans to realign the division . 
The Oakland Athletics ' four-game sweep over the San Francisco Giants in the World Series may widen already-sizable losses that the ABC network will incur on the current , final year of its baseball contract . 
But only bridges supported with single rows of columns were top priority , and the Nimitz Freeway , supported by double rows , was left out , Mr. Drago explained . 
Although it would be costly to shoot multiple versions , TV programmers could let audiences vote on different endings for a movie . 
But the spokesman confirmed that Saatchi has received several inquiries from companies interested in acquiring its Campbell-Mithun and Rowland units . 
Three years ago , the ratio was reversed . 
And lawmakers are putting the finishing touches on a compromise that would give the Air Force nearly all of the $ 2.4 billion it wants for production of Northrop Corp. 's radar-eluding B-2 bombers , which cost $ 530 million apiece . 
Showtime is a distant No. 2 to Home Box Office , and in May filed a $ 2.5 billion antitrust suit against Time Warner , charging the company and its HBO and American Television cable units with conspiring to monopolize the pay TV business . 
Third-quarter sales of the Indianapolis , Ind. , company rose 11 % to $ 1.045 billion from $ 940.6 million . 
Prosecutors depict a company that allegedly sat on damaging evidence of overcharges from 1983 to 1985 , despite warnings from an internal auditor . 
Myrtle Beach , S.C . 
A few days later , American Medical announced sharply lower earnings , taking charges of $ 24 million for insurance reserves and canceled real estate leases . 
Then the computers give us more information than we can ever read . 
Still , Mr. Auvil points out , Grannies became popular without big , red looks , so why not Fujis ? 
In addition , Northeast promised the State of New Hampshire that rate increases would be limited to 5.5 % annually for seven years . 
Such support usually comes from arbitragers who use a strong British pound to buy copper in New York . 
And four states -- California , Florida , Michigan and Pennsylvania -- have adopted rules that all parties involved must consent when phone calls are recorded . 
In addition to Backer Spielvogel Bates , a Saatchi unit that has handled the account since 1970 , the other agencies include Lowe Marschalk , a unit of the Lowe Group ; Grey Advertising ; and WPP Group 's Scali , McCabe , Sloves agency . 
A domestic foreign exchange market would be set up as part of an overhaul of the nation 's banking system . 
The spirits , of course , could hardly care less whether people do or do n't believe in them . 
`` Tokyu is one of the potential buyers who might raise its hand . 
`` Our attitude is that ( the ranking ) is like Miss America . 
A major reason is that they believe the Packwood-Roth plan would lose buckets of revenue over the long run . 
Net sales of bond funds for the month totaled $ 1.1 billion , down two-thirds from $ 3.1 billion in August . 
I believe we have to take a shot at getting as much done as we can through the court , through Justice and through state and federal regulatory agencies . 
But it may amount to little more than posturing ; the two have continued on-again , off-again settlement talks over the last few weeks , and people familiar with the talks say the matter could be resolved within a week . 
Under the proposed plan , the fund would also lend Santa Fe Pacific Realty $ 75 million in the form of a note that would be convertible into additional shares of the realty company after the second year at the then-prevailing market price . 
Many physicians have expressed concern over the heavy bleeding , which occurs even if the drug fails to induce an abortion . 
The remaining four trustees on the Claimants Trust have 60 days to nominate a successor to Mr. Saltzburg . 
But we can think of many reasons to stay out for the foreseeable future and well beyond . 
Now that 's advice the writers should take to heart . 
Medical costs continued their steep ascent , rising 0.8 % after four consecutive months of 0.7 % increases . 
The joke here is that the Giants lost by de fault . 
Administration officials traveling with President Bush in Costa Rica interpreted Mr. Ortega 's wavering as a sign that he is n't responding to the military attacks so much as he is searching for ways to strengthen his hand prior to the elections . 
A pleasant place to come and spend a few hours . '' 
Merieux , a vaccine and bioresearch firm based in Lyon , France , is controlled 50.1 % by state-owned Rhone Poulenc S.A . 
What you want to know is when the road 's rough , when there 's snow and ice , how 's this car going to perform ? '' 
West German government bonds fell as much as 0.60 point in light , nervous trading . 
Excluding an increase in the tax rate and the effects of foreign currency translations , Mr. Millis said the company 's results `` were still a little disappointing . '' 
SCI TV 's grace period for paying its bills is due to expire Nov. 16 . 
( Ms. Bartlett would not discuss her garden for this article . ) 
The outbreaks were traced to staphylococcus aureus , a type of bacteria that produces a toxin capable of surviving the high temperatures used in canning vegetables . 
There are $ 12,915,000 of 7 % term certificates due 2007 , priced to yield 7.15 % . 
Some of those debtholders have filed a suit , saying they believed they were buying government-insured certificates of deposit . 
`` A significant increase in gold sales to 248,279 ounces for the quarter from 188,726 in the third quarter of 1988 was more than offset by the continued decline in average gold price realization to $ 367 from $ 429 per ounce , '' the company said . 
Apparently they are learning to say no to excess risk . 
Robert Robie , 51 , was named to the new positions of vice chairman and chief credit officer . 
Two Japanese scientists said they discovered an antibody that , in laboratory test-tube experiments , kills AIDS-infected cells while preserving healthy cells . 
If those who have the money do n't get involved with the museums and the charities , then City Hall will do it , badly . 
`` I do n't think anyone is now immune from takeover , '' said Robert Schneider of Duff & Phelps Inc. , Chicago . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Carter Glass , a former treasury secretary who was then back in Congress , probably influenced the decision . 
The late buying was drawn into the London market , dealers added , after Wall Street showed signs of stability following its rocky opening . 
The agency then turned to a former backup singer for Ms. Midler who appeared in the ad and crooned what was generally considered a more than credible imitation of Ms. Midler 's 1973 hit song `` Do You Wanna Dance . '' 
The collection was at the heart of a grandiose plan Mr. Paul had in which the art was to do double duty -- as an investment for CenTrust and as decoration for the S&L 's new office tower , designed by I.M. Pei . 
Should the rest of the Series be played at all ? 
International Paper fell 1 3\/8 to 51 1\/2 , Union Carbide eased 7\/8 to 25 , Chevron gained 1\/8 to 64 , and Eastman Kodak closed down 3\/4 to 44 1\/4 . 
Shippers cut about $ 35 billion from their annual , inter-city truck and rail costs , to about $ 150 billion , or about 6.4 % of gross national product , down from 8 % of GNP in 1981 . 
Moreover , some investors think a recession or renewed airfare wars will pummel airline stocks in coming months . 
`` Investors are n't going to be throwing money at any of the proposed LBOs , but doing deals on the basis of ridiculous assumptions never made sense , either . '' 
In addition , corporations are now shouldering a bigger share of the tax burden , as the authors of the 1986 law hoped . 
Dealers said the shares were hit by fears of a slowdown in the U.S. economy . 
Rep. Chalmers Wylie , an Ohio Republican , rallied to the cause : `` I think the gentlelady is making an important statement . 
Deutsche Bank , Dresdner Bank and Commerzbank all also have expressed eagerness to expand in France before 1992 . 
`` Texas has lost its distinctiveness , leaving Texans with a hunger to feel proud about themselves , '' says Stephen Klineberg , a sociology professor at Rice University , Houston . 
The weight of Lebanon 's history was also against him ; and it is a history Israel is in danger of repeating . 
`` They say , ` Johnny Payson got $ 53 million for his , so certainly $ 10 million is n't too much for mine . ' 
Among them were B.A.T Industries , which settled 6 pence a share lower at 753 ( $ 12.10 ) . 
Surplus power would be sold on the open market , Enron said . 
The bank says it 's interested in purchasing banks in Morocco , Portugal and Puerto Rico . 
Put option on March 31 , 1992 , at an indicated 109 to yield 3.865 % . 
GP Express , an independent airline serving much of Nebraska , estimates that nearly 40 % of its revenues come from the subsidies that , in some cases , exceed the cost of a ticket . 
Chairman and Chief Executive Joseph Corr was succeeded by Frank Lorenzo , chief of parent Texas Air . 
The U.S. automotive loss was a sharp reversal for a company that had reeled off 12 consecutive quarters of improved earnings until the 1989 second quarter . 
But industry observers still questioned whether Georgia Pacific will ultimately prevail . 
Traders expect the bonds to yield about 0.60 to 0.65 percentage point above the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond , which ended Tuesday with a yield of about 7.90 % . 
All are non-Russian republics along the southern border of the Soviet Union , and all but Kirgizia have reported rioting in the past six months . 
Last week , following fruitless settlement talks , Warner , now merging with Time Inc. , filed a $ 1 billion breach of contract suit in Los Angeles Superior Court against both Sony and Guber Peters . 
The company continues to trade in the over-the-counter market with an exception to listing requirements . 
`` We do n't want to be known as ambulance chasers , '' says William Garrison , Lake View 's president . 
`` These people are n't necessarily stupid or naive . 
As a result , the company has suspended its quarterly dividend . 
A huge silver stockpile at exchanges , refiners , consuming industries and government warehouses of at least 617 million ounces is the market depressant , says Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. in a report . 
Here are two cases to illustrate . 
The Socialists held 184 seats going into the balloting . 
But , in the same circumstances , the returns would be a more extreme 14.6 % and 2.6 % for the Vanguard Bond Market Fund , with its 12 1\/2-year average maturity . 
The country has in recent years accepted more than 500,000 refugees from at least four bordering nations . 
Terms call for First Security to issue about 0.55 share of its stock for each Deseret share held , or a total of about 550,000 First Security shares . 
Of course , Mr. Wolf , 48 years old , has some savings . 
Nationwide Health said that although it has the cash to cover the 25-cent-a-share dividend , its banks have denied the company 's request to pay it because the trust has n't met certain terms . 
For the year ended March 31 , Dentsu sales rose 19 % to $ 8.9 billion from $ 7.5 billion , and net income jumped 59 % to $ 102 million from $ 64 million . 
The Deerfield , Ill. , medical products and services company posted net of $ 102 million , or 34 cents a share , compared with $ 85 million , or 28 cents a share , a year ago . 
Serial bonds are priced to yield to 7.10 % in 1999 . 
General equity funds fell an average of 2.35 % in the week ended Thursday , compared with a 2.32 % slide for the Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index . 
Some in Hollywood suggest Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters took encouragement from Warner studio executives such as Mr. Semel and Mr. Canton too literally . 
The defense electronics concern attributed the operating improvement to higher profit margins and lower net interest expense . 
New York City -- 
He said summer drought problems that had hit several southern agricultural regions had stopped being a major source of price pressure in September . 
An announcement is more likely next week , though . 
He suggests investors think about buying cyclical shares in the weeks ahead , as well as growth issues . 
The emergence of Russian corporatism had been anticipated in journalist George Urban 's introduction to a series of colloquies -- `` Can the Soviet System Survive Reform ? '' -- published this spring . 
But even that goal may prove optimistic . 
Throughout the 1970s , Stamford school and city officials made no effort to locate the mural . 
A key marketing target for Digital will be the large number of big customers who already own both Digital and IBM systems . 
It said net income dropped to $ 15.1 million , or 98 cents a share , from $ 35.2 million , or $ 2.66 a share . 
Executives close to Philip Morris said that the tobacco and food giant has asked Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide Inc. , a unit of Saatchi & Saatchi Co. , and possibly others to work on creative ideas for the account . 
Says Mr. Chan : `` When I showed it was from my own brain , they lost for the second time . '' 
`` If your prospect is feeling risk the whole time and you 're not feeling as if you 're backed up by a stable company , you 've lost it before you 've begun , '' says Mary Ann Cluggish , a Wellesley , Mass. , sales trainer and consultant who works with high technology companies . 
Two new Remics totaling $ 900 million were announced by Freddie Mac yesterday . 
State and local taxes increased to $ 131.3 million from $ 99.1 million a year ago . 
Among the possibilities the Treasury is considering are requirements that banks keep records identifying the originators and recipients of international wire transfers . 
The difference between the price and the face value payable at maturity is the investor 's return . 
`` This city already has too many tourists , and it ca n't hold them all , '' says Pierluigi Beggiato , the president of the Venice hoteliers association . 
The whole idea of computer-integrated manufacturing , CIM , seems to be making a comeback after losing a little luster over the past couple of years when it became apparent that it was n't a panacea that would make U.S. plants more efficient and banish foreign competition . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Mr. Paul boasts that he spotted bargains in old masters just before they took an upward turn . 
However , nationally , Mr. Pilevsky controls through limited partnerships about 85 shopping centers with about 17 million square feet . 
But manufacturers now buying fabric for spring season goods wo n't be paid until March , April or even May . 
For most of the past 30 years , the marriage was one of convenience . 
Only two states -- Vermont and Washington -- this year joined five others requiring private employers to grant leaves of absence to employees with newborn or adopted infants . 
That ratio is dangerously close to the ratio of 19.7 that prevailed before the 1987 stock-market crash , Mr. Arbel says . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
U.S. and Soviet officials hailed the joint project as a new indication of the further thaw in U.S.-Soviet relations . 
But writing history is tough enough without judges gratuitously throwing obstacles in the scholar 's path . 
Ellen Cokely , a tourist from Alton , Ill. , seems inclined to agree . 
Another U.S. proposal filed Monday urges more `` fair play '' in services trade , including predictable and clear rules and equality in the treatment of foreign and domestic service companies . 
Over at the Shell station , owner Rudi van Dyk , who doubles as Morgenzon 's mayor , worries that the Orange Workers have made his town the laughingstock of the nation . 
For 1988 , BellSouth earned $ 1.7 billion , or $ 3.51 a share , on revenue of $ 13.6 billion . 
But analysts noted that excluding transportation - where what they believe was a temporary surge in auto demand pushed up the figures - order backlogs have declined for three months in a row . 
`` The guys are being macho , and the girls are walking around in little things . 
The $ 5.9 million payment was due Oct. 1 and the deadline for default was Oct. 19 . 
Dr. Lourie says the Justice Department interviewed him last July . 
The Red Cross has opened 30 shelters in the Bay area , serving 5,000 people . 
Instead , the bill simply calls for twice-a-year meetings between the committee and top administration officials . 
The line seems awfully thin for criminal-law purposes . 
Turkey in any event is long past it . 
Sears said claims from the storm , as expected , reduced its third-quarter net by $ 80 million , or 23 cents a share . 
It would n't discuss a price . 
Mr. Peladeau has never made any apologies for publishing the tabloid , a brash mix of crime and sports . 
Two well-known colleagues who believe Mr. Straszheim was right the first time are David Bostian Jr. and A. Gary Shilling , both of whom run their own New York research firms . 
Amtech , which makes an automated process system that improves the yields of semiconductor manufacturers , said profit for the year ended Sept. 30 rose to more than $ 800,000 from $ 446,000 last year . 
But we still hear him moaning at night because the Navy has a few ships left , and to satisfy him the Navy 's sea lift forces were given to a new Air Force bureaucracy in Illinois , its space operations to another command in Colorado , the frogmen to a new Army bureaucracy in Fort Bragg , and the Navy 's Indian Ocean and Persian Gulf forces to an Army bureaucracy in Florida . 
Most expect the decline in New York stock prices to continue this week . 
Chemical Waste Management posted the biggest increase in short volume on the New York exchange , up 3,383,477 shares to 5,267,238 . 
The Big Board `` is partly to blame { for the price swings } , because they 're cowards , '' said Mr. Wohlstetter . 
As a result of the transaction , which is expected to be approved at a shareholders meeting Nov. 24 , Giovanni Agnelli & Co. will control 79.18 % of IFI 's ordinary shares . 
According to those familiar with the situation , other bidders included Ratners Group PLC of London and Kay Jewelers Inc . 
BROKERAGE HIRING languishes amid market turmoil . 
Not all the scandal-tripped have enjoyed soft landings . 
Mr. Corry , who has boned up on corporate raiders by reading T. Boone Pickens 's autobiography , had hoped the detente would continue . 
Mr. Locke teaches English and comparative literature at Columbia University . 
Mr. Pilson and his team huddled in a hallway and took just 10 minutes to return with a $ 300 million offer . 
For example , China 's hard-currency income is expected to suffer from the big drop in tourist arrivals since June 4 . 
A big bankruptcy-court case might tarnish KKR 's name , and provide new fuel for critics of LBOs in Washington and elsewhere . 
The letter , attached to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , said the approval is also contingent upon obtaining satisfactory financing . 
Must it now accept that one of its strongest allies blames it for the genocide of another people ? 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
Yesterday , Mr. Skase said the company is `` solvent and with the continued support of its bankers is able to meet its financial commitments . '' 
Decades earlier , Maria Callas sang the Dallas staging that introduced the flashback idea . 
I 've seen a great many moviestar film portraits , and this one is outstanding . 
These securities get top credit ratings because the issuers have put aside U.S. bonds that will be sold to pay off holders when the municipals are retired . 
And Time Warner Inc. is developing a spinoff of Time magazine aimed at kids , on the heels of its successful Sports Illustrated for Kids . 
Should the green light Judges Alarcon and Hall have given to the fabrication of quotations become standard practice , it will notably reduce the value of journalism for historians -- and for citizens . 
In an interview in the navy 's official weekly magazine Cols Bleus , the navy 's second-in-command , Adm. Yves Goupil , said the navy still intends to buy 86 Rafales as scheduled in the late 1990s and early 21st century . 
Nearly 75 options traders on the Chicago Board Options Exchange who cleared trades through Petco , including a handful of traders who lost between $ 500,000 to $ 1 million themselves as a result of Friday 's debacle , are trying to transfer their business to other clearing firms , CBOE members said . 
Much of the money from the sales is earmarked for a multibillion-dollar agrarian-reform program . 
But `` on a new car , a rebate does n't work well '' because it cheapens the vehicle 's image , contends Thomas D. Mignanelli , executive vice president of Nissan 's U.S. sales arm . 
Because we all were busy riding a wave . 
The cancellation bodes poorly for a company already beset with an identity crisis exacerbated by the retirement of general director Beverly Sills and the amazing appointment of Christopher Keene as her successor after his years of feckless toiling in the pit . 
TransAtlantic , whose Transol Investments Ltd. unit owns the largest minority stake in Sun Life , has agreed not to make a takeover bid for the British life insurer without the prior consent of the French company , known as UAP . 
For the portion of an investor 's portfolio that stays in stocks , professionals have a number of suggestions . 
The Manhattan U.S. attorney 's office stressed criminal cases from 1980 to 1987 , averaging 43 for every 100,000 adults . 
While the State Department positions itself for the post-Barre period in Somalia , it should continue to back former President Carter 's well-intentioned role as a mediator between Mr. Mengistu and the Eritrean guerrillas in Ethiopia , while concomitantly opening up channels of communications with the Tigrean rebels through neighboring Sudan . 
Richard J. Riordan was elected a director of this single-family home builder , increasing the board to nine . 
The role of academic criteria in choosing Berkeley 's freshmen can only decline as a result . 
Net interest income for the third quarter declined to $ 35.6 million from $ 70.1 million a year ago . 
The Soviets insisted that aircraft be brought into the talks , then argued for exempting some 4,000 Russian planes because they are `` solely defensive . '' 
A number of times they detected neutrons in one , sometimes two , of the three detectors , but only once during 411 hours of the experiment did they detect a neutron burst in all three detectors -- and they think that was a spurious event . 
The company 's earnings before interest , taxes and depreciation , which bondholders use a measurement of the chain 's ability to pay its existing debt , increased 11 % in fiscal 1989 to $ 926.1 million from $ 833.6 million . 
`` In the kind of literature I read I come across countervailing opinions quite frequently . 
Mr. Bush said that he initiated talks with the Soviets on the informal meeting by sending a proposal to Mr. Gorbachev last July , which the Soviet leader readily accepted . 
Mr. Ross , who has been studying retail investors ' perception of risks in the brokerage industry , said a market plunge like Friday 's `` shatters investors ' confidence in their ability to make any judgments on the market . '' 
`` Sometimes { traders } lose sight of that , '' he says . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : 
`` Until the new mainframe products kick in , there wo n't be a lot of revenue contribution at the high end , and that 's hurt us , '' said Mark Steinkrauss , Digital 's director of investor relations . 
But we still see this as an opportunity to discuss many , many very important issues . 
Mr. Dorfman provides confirming evidence of this phenomenon when he reports that your staff of dart throwers would have accumulated only $ 112,383 by randomly selecting four new stocks to be held in a portfolio each month . 
For these workers at the bottom of the mine 's pay scale , this is usually enough to overcome the temptation to steal -- a crime that could earn them up to 15 years in jail . 
Merieux officials said last week that they are `` highly confident '' the offer will be approved once it submits details of its proposed investments to federal regulators . 
Kraft recently agreed to spend an additional $ 3 million on similar programs through 1990 . 
Just ask Richard Blumenfeld , a New Jersey dentist who considers himself `` a reasonably sophisticated investor . '' 
A simple economic theory may provide at least a partial explanation for the split personality displayed by Americans in the voting booth . 
This is raising eyebrows . 
`` I do n't think we created him as much as we fed him , nurtured him and let him grow up to be big and strong . 
Created by an artist who flaunts her ignorance of plants and gardens , South Gardens , as now planned , will die from congestive garden design . 
And the injunction Judges Miner and Altimari would so readily have granted had New Era sued in time ? 
The researchers also pulled off a second genetic engineering trick in order to get male-sterile plants in large enough numbers to produce a commercial hybrid seed crop . 
Suits are likely to be filed against engineering firms , contractors and developers , as well as against local-government agencies . 
Nothing was going to hold up the long-delayed settlement of Britton vs. Thomasini . 
The reason is simple : Education takes place in the classroom , where the influence of money is minimal . 
Moreover , an aide to Mr. Brown said Gov. Deukmejian `` has expressed a desire not to spend all the reserve on this . '' 
It still does n't look like governments are coughing up everything they know . 
In autumn last year , for example , the regime garrison at Kandahar was prepared to surrender the city to resistance moderates . 
Among the issues the board will examine is whether United Airlines , a unit of UAL Corp. , should have been able to detect the cracks through maintenance checks . 
The stock market 's woes spooked currency traders but prompted a quiet little party among bond investors . 
But as much as $ 177 million , or nearly 30 % of the account , is marked for potential transfers to research , management and flight accounts that are spent out at a faster clip . 
Itel bought a 17 % stake in Sante Fe Pacific last year and Olympia & York later purchased about a 20 % stake ; they would have interests in the new realty company in line with their holdings in Sante Fe Pacific . 
The prospectus also notes that the securities are not guaranteed by any government agency . 
Weighing 6.7 pounds with battery , the notebook measures 8.2 by 11.7 inches , has a 20-megabyte hard disk drive and boasts a backlit screen that is 22 % larger than Compaq 's . 
Stewart & Stevenson makes equipment powered with diesel and gas turbines . 
She concedes that such a position is `` unfair '' to the thousands of conscientious and qualified people plying the trade , but as a consumer advocate she feels impelled to take it . 
Interest will be imposed on unpaid taxes , but late-payment penalties on the returns will be waived if the balance due and paid is 10 % or less of the liability . 
In recent days , Mr. Krenz has sought to project a kinder image . 
But you knew that , did n't you ? 
The offices took 10,000 square feet of a building with 14-foot ceilings and big , operable windows . 
`` So before I start to be really critical of NBC , I would like to know more about what happened . '' 
Together , Citicorp and Chase received $ 8 million in fees to raise the rest of the financing . 
And they still oppose as too costly an employer-paid health insurance bill sponsored by Sen. Edward Kennedy ( D. , Mass . ) despite his proposal to phase in small business only gradually . 
Traders said a variety of factors triggered the rally . 
The most controversial form of program trading , stock-index arbitrage , is `` making it tough for traders to make money , '' declares Robert Antolini , head of OTC trading at Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
The agreement requires approval from Australia 's Foreign Investment Review Board and National Companies and Securities Commission , and from shareholders of Paxus . 
Heading the list : insurance , construction and technology companies located in the San Francisco Bay Area . 
Guillermo Ortiz 's Sept. 15 Americas column , `` Mexico 's Been Bitten by the Privatization Bug , '' is a refreshingly clear statement of his government 's commitment to privatization , and must be welcomed as such by all Americans who wish his country well . 
However , unpaid distributions on the acquisition preferred are cumulative and would total $ 23 million a year , hurting NRM 's financial flexibility and its ability to raise capital , NRM said . 
In any event , Ms. Gruberova barely ventilated Violetta 's anguish in her long meeting with Wolfgang Brendel , who as Germont seemed fairly desperate trying to inject an Italianate lilt into his heavy , teutonic baritone . 
Mr. Bush said he would allow the bill to become law without his signature , because he said only a constitutional amendment can protect the flag adequately . 
Business lines increased 3.7 % to 3.3 million . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Coca-Cola Enterprises closed at $ 16.375 a share , down 62.5 cents . 
After a four-year , $ 7.7 billion acquisition binge that brought a major soft-drink company , soda bottlers , a fast-food chain and an overseas snack-food giant to Pepsi , Mr. Calloway said he does n't expect any major acquisition in the next year or so . 
The Orange Workers are just putting this preaching into practice . 
The bill would require the agency to block the acquisition of 15 % or more of an airline 's stock if the purchase threatened safety , reduced the carrier 's ability to compete , or put the airline under foreign control . 
Apparently , however , the improvement came too late . 
Jaguar was boosted 21 to 715 on follow-through buying after Ford Motor 's announcement Tuesday that it might be prepared to mount a full bid for the U.K. luxury auto maker . 
LIN said it expects to borrow the money to pay the dividend , but commitments from banks still have n't been obtained . 
A proposal to raise prices of beer , tobacco and luxuries was rejected 338-44 . 
On Wednesday , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. had to slash the size of Continental Airlines ' junk-bond offering to $ 71 million from $ 150 million . 
For instance , the new U.S. package makes clear there would be a transition period during which GATT members could use a combination of tariffs and quotas to cushion their farmers from foreign competition . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 28 , 1989 , through Oct. 26 , 1994 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 26 . 
`` We 've known for six months the effect of this drug , and our advice to our people has been not to buy the company 's stock , '' Dr. Starzl said , adding that profiting from FK-506 would n't be ethical . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange is losing its cool here , '' said James Andrews , head of institutional trading at Janney Montgomery Scott Inc. in Philadelphia . 
Adds John Poag , a 727 captain and past chairman of the company-sponsored Flight Advisory Board : `` They 've made all these magnanimous gestures to the Flying Tiger pilots , and for us , nothing . '' 
Using Gnu-Emacs , the spy could substitute a bogus `` atrun '' program for the one that routinely cleans up the Unix system every five minutes . 
While lower joblessness is generally good news , the hefty drop last month indicates that the economy is n't slowing down as much as hoped -- despite a doubling of interest rates over the last 16 months . 
Inflation is at record levels . 
`` The market is beginning to disassociate itself from Wall Street , '' said one New York trader . 
The September index fueled speculation , damaging to the dollar , that the Federal Reserve soon will ease monetary policy further . 
In the past Mr. Threlkeld has been known to have substantial long positions that is , he had bought copper futures in anticipation of rising prices -- in the copper futures market . 
The drug is being used primarily to treat anemias . 
Although Axa has been rebuffed by Farmers and has n't had any meetings with management , Mr. Bebear nonetheless appears to be trying to woo the company 's executives with promises of autonomy and new-found authority under Axa . 
`` Where 's the bid ? '' asked Pierre Panet-Raymond , an analyst and broker with Toronto securities dealer McDermid St. Lawrence Ltd . 
Although we were white , the same economic factors affected us as affects the black people Mr. Farney writes about . 
Says Clayt Wilhite , president of the D'Arcy Masius ad agency 's U.S. division , `` Every time 24 hours pass without any advertising reinforcement , brand loyalty will diminish ever so slightly -- even for a powerful brand like Budweiser . '' 
`` It 's really bizarre , '' says Albert Lerman , creative director at the Wells Rich Greene ad agency . 
In making Malcolm and Nora such wonderfully representative specimens of their class and generation , Ms. Zeidner has somewhat neglected the task of making them distinctively individual characters . 
The distributor is R.R. Bowker , New York . 
That lawsuit is still pending . 
Shares of the new partnership would trade on an exchange like a stock . 
Mr. Harris had been vice president for the newspaper 's advertising in New York . 
The discount rate on six-month Treasury bills fell slightly to 7.60 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.99 % . 
Meeting in Strasbourg Wednesday , the commission voted , as expected , to formally object to the accord between Air France , the state-owned airline , and state-controlled domestic carrier Air Inter . 
The Minneapolis computer systems and services concern said the offer is required under the senior note indenture as a result of Control Data 's recent sale of its disk drive subsidiary , Imprimis , to Seagate Technology Inc . 
The point was to answer the question in the conference title , not to try to create news stories for the event itself . 
The ratings service said the downgrades reflect the continued slide in the company 's financial condition . 
Alltel , which provides local telephone service in 25 states , said it exercised its right of first refusal following an offer from an undisclosed third party to acquire the majority position in the franchise . 
Foreign investors reportedly started off selling but later joined in the buying . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average tumbled 39.55 points , to 2613.73 , in active trading . 
Since the formula assumes an 8 % before-tax return in a mutual fund , there would also be $ 16,500 in taxes to pay over the 12 years . 
Of the 11 components to the index , only three others rose in September : the money supply , the length of the average work week and stock prices . 
The trial of the case lasted seven months and ended in September with a hung jury . 
As usual , her sin was saying what she thought . 
Robert M. Gintel , senior partner of a Greenwich , Conn. , investment firm , said he plans to launch a proxy fight against the board of Boston-based Xtra Corp . 
The exchange also may step up its disclosure of firms engaged in program trading , these people said . 
`` If you do n't need the money for 10 years , there 's a clear-cut case for sticking to a steady core of stocks , '' Mr. Gregory says . 
Sindona , the onetime Vatican financial adviser with reported links to the Mafia , died on March 22 , 1986 , at age 65 , reportedly after drinking cyanide-laced coffee in an Italian prison . 
Still the Salinger decision created a strong presumption against fair use of unpublished materials . 
That would be a blow to both Paribas and Navigation Mixte . 
The construction industry is sure to feel increased demand . 
When the balloon is cruising along at a steady altitude there is little sense of motion . 
The issue is backed by a 12 % letter of credit from Credit Suisse . 
It is public relations of the highest sophistication , that recognizes that credibility is enhanced by honesty -- up to a point . 
Auto makers , who began deferring some equipment purchases last spring , can be expected to remain cautious about spending if their sales do n't pick up , machine tool builders say . 
And considering the extra cost of such provisions , some figure that people interested in , say , paying for extended nursing-home care would be better off just buying a separate policy that provides it . 
General Motors Corp. , meanwhile , said it will idle for yet another week its Linden , N.J. , assembly plant , bringing to three weeks the total time that plant will be idled during October . 
While they do n't expect the Fed to move right away , they say the case for lower rates is building . 
`` Hostile and even friendly nations routinely steal information from U.S. companies and share it with their own companies , '' said Noel D. Matchett , a former staffer at the federal National Security Agency and now president of Information Security Inc. , Silver Spring , Md . 
Sequa Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9 5\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.75 to yield 9.664 % . 
An unmanned spacecraft , Magellan , already is heading to Venus and is due to begin mapping the planet next August . 
Unknown before 1960 were the inconclusive effects of acid rain , greenhouse warming and ozone depletion , all of which required burgeoning political power and gargantuan expense . 
London Metal Exchange copper inventories fell 550 tons last week to 83,950 tons , a smaller-than-expected decline . 
Our view is that we may see a profit decline . '' 
New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was up 3\/8 at 98 3\/8 bid to yield about 7.32 % , down 0.03 percentage point . 
Mevacor , Merck 's new cholesterol-lowering drug , had higher sales than any other prescription medicine has ever achieved in the U.S. in the year following introduction , the company said . 
The first one permits a witness to refuse to testify against her spouse . 
According to the transcript , Mr. Lorin said Mr. Laff should be killed after Mr. Aslanian told him that information given to Mr. Laff by another conspirator could jeopardize the stock scheme . 
On Isaac Stern 's recording it 's very biting . '' 
Mr. Sawyer began running the company on an interim basis in late September . 
Chambers Development Co. said its Security Bureau Inc. unit purchased two security concerns in Florida that will add $ 2.1 million of annual revenue . 
As vice president\/national-government relations , Mr. Womack will work with P&G 's top management and with the company 's government-relations staff `` to represent P&G 's interests at the federal level , '' said John G. Smale , chairman and chief executive officer . 
But David Hawkins , an environmental lawyer with the Natural Resources Defense Council , said the research appears merely to be a way to promote reformulated gasoline . 
`` The cost { of magnetic stimulators } would seem like peanuts if we could retrieve limb function '' in such people , Dr. Tator says . 
Prudential Insurance Co. of America said it selected four agencies to pitch its $ 60 million to $ 70 million account . 
Higher sales of pesticides and other plant-science products more than offset a slight decline in the sales of animal-health products to fuel the increase in world-wide agricultural product sales , Lilly said . 
Private relief agencies , such as the Salvation Army and Red Cross , mobilized almost instantly to help people , while the Washington bureaucracy `` took hours getting into gear . '' 
Meanwhile , there was an awful lot of confusion . 
And a Fannie Mae seminar this week promises to draw hundreds of prospective investors , who can be expected to channel tens of billions of dollars into the market in the next few years . 
He had been group vice president of the electronic-publishing group . 
In other commodity markets yesterday : 
Indeed , Morgan Stanley 's president , Richard B. Fisher , said the firm is putting up money to form a group of regulators , investors and investment banks to find out if stock-index arbitrage artificially induces stock-market volatility . 
Estimated volume was three million ounces . 
`` We should not be seeing any more , '' said Bill Rash , Intel 's director for the 486 chip . 
Japan normally depends heavily on the Highland Valley and Cananea mines as well as the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea . 
The end of the first half , however , brought what the standing-room-only crowd seemed to be waiting for : the pop singer Judy Collins , who appears on `` Inner Voices . '' 
`` Sometimes , '' he says , `` we 'll pull someone off the phones for more training . '' 
September orders for machining centers , lathes , milling machines , grinders , boring mills and other machines that shape metal by cutting totaled $ 192.9 million , down 28 % from $ 266.5 million a year earlier , but a 23 % increase from August 's $ 156.3 million , NMTBA said . 
It was as easy as collecting sea shells at Malibu . 
`` While Mr. Reuter 's comments please us very much , there currently are no talks in progress regarding the automotive industry , '' a Fiat spokeswoman said . 
Senshukai has a 60 % stake in the venture and Nissho Iwai has the rest . 
Manville is a building and forest products concern . 
Apple Computer dropped 1 1\/8 to 46 1\/2 on one million shares . 
Manufacturers produced 46,835 of the vehicles -- which have engines of 500 cubic centimeters or less -- an increase of 31,777 units . 
Another lifelong complication , as Phyllis Rose makes clear in `` Jazz Cleopatra : Josephine Baker in Her Time '' ( Doubleday , 321 pages , $ 22.50 ) , was racism . 
Mr. Mastro has been with the New York U.S. attorney 's office for nearly five years . 
The Franklin Lakes , N.J. , company is expected to report sales growth of only 5 % to 6 % , but should still maintain earnings growth of 10 % , says Jerry E. Fuller , an analyst with Duff & Phelps Inc . 
The last time parties to these settlements negotiated wage increases , mostly in 1986 or 1987 , wages increased an average of 2.4 % a year over the life of the contracts . 
He is estimating this week 's disaster will generate insured losses of $ 2 billion to $ 4 billion , following about $ 4 billion in costs to insurers from Hurricane Hugo . 
`` If there 's any coincidence about the departures it 's that they are leaving at a time when the business is in reasonably good shape and going forward very well . '' 
And some U.S. Army analysts worry that the proposed Soviet redefinition is aimed at blocking the U.S. from developing lighter , more transportable , high-technology tanks . 
James B. Lee , head of syndications and private placements at Chemical Banking Corp. , said he believes banks can still make a credible offer of one-stop shopping for takeover finance . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Though Sassy has grown quickly since its debut in March 1988 , it has been the target of conservative lobbyists and skittish advertisers who bristled at its frank editorial matter on teen-age problems . 
Among them are the shipbuilders , which had halved their shipyard work forces to cut costs during a prolonged slump in demand but now are capturing an increased share of the strengthening global market . 
At the new rate , that would give them about $ 30 to travel on . 
`` We think we can reclaim hundreds of millions of dollars just through the nonresident project , '' Mr. Hicks declares . 
Plump Beau , looking eager to please with his arched eyebrows and round face , plays the older brother , Frank . 
As previously reported , those sales have been declining this year in the wake of allegations that the company engaged in unfair sales practices that encouraged customers to overpurchase services . 
A friend mentioned that she might want to look into a position at Aetna , if she was interested in a job that would constantly challenge her . 
In the nine months , net fell 6.3 % to $ 427.7 million , or $ 3.98 a share , from $ 456.4 million , or $ 4 a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Schuman 's `` Violin Concerto , '' which sounds more like a mildly atonal rhapsody for solo violin with orchestral accompaniment , meanders until the propulsive `` Agitato , fervente . '' 
Pro-Iranian kidnappers renewed an offer to trade their captives in Lebanon for at least 15 Shiite Moslem comrades jailed in Kuwait . 
Unwilling to put up new money for New Zealand until those debts are repaid , most banks refused even to play administrative roles in the new financing , forcing an embarrassed Nomura to postpone it this week . 
While nearly equal percentages of black and white women currently smoke , in both sexes more whites have given up smoking than blacks . 
A spokesman for GE said that the company has been working with the FAA all along on this issue and `` will comply fully with the required inspections . '' 
Reynolds is the third big aluminum company since Friday to report disappointing earnings . 
A Chris-Craft station manager said there have been no formal talks . 
The Japanese discount rate is the central bank 's base rate on loans to commercial banks . 
But he says he would prefer to get nominations from rank-and-file folks . 
However , when powerful forces start shaking the market 's structure , the more `` earthquake-resistant '' it is , the better its chance for survival . 
With the market overbuilt , builders are finding limited opportunities and increased risks . 
The first three games were seen by an average of only 17 % of U.S. homes , a sharp decline from the 23.7 % rating for last year 's Series . 
As Brooks Brothers jumps into the fashion fray , it will be playing catch up . 
Bonn and Washington are leading supporters of Poland 's request for a $ 1 billion stand-by credit from the International Monetary Fund . 
A year earlier , Ford reported record net of $ 856.3 million , or $ 1.78 a share , on revenue of $ 20.38 billion . 
Dana Corp. said its third-quarter net income fell 27 % to $ 29.6 million , or 72 cents a share , from $ 40.7 million , or $ 1 a share , a year earlier . 
Net income rose to a record $ 155.3 million , or 83 cents a share , from $ 134.8 million , or 72 cents a share . 
By converting an expenditure or loan to a guarantee , the government can ensure the same flow of resources and reduce the current deficit . 
Just five months after Ogilvy Group was swallowed up in an unsolicited takeover , Kenneth Roman , Ogilvy 's chairman and chief executive officer , said he is leaving to take a top post at American Express Co . 
Everyone looked calm , but there was this surreal low level of confusion as the aftershocks continued . 
Revenue climbed 25 % to $ 3.3 billion from $ 2.6 billion . 
Crude oil prices rose slightly in lackluster activity as traders in the pits tried to assess action in the stock market . 
Dow Jones , which owns 67 % of Telerate , publishes The Wall Street Journal , Barron 's magazine , community newspapers and operates financial news services and computer data bases . 
If an author quotes `` more than minimal amounts '' of unpublished copyrighted materials , as the Salinger decision had it , `` he deserves to be enjoined . '' 
While Polish data have been freely available since 1980 , it was no accident that participants urged the free flow of information . 
The company deliberately understaffs , stretching employees ' schedules to the limit . 
The survey also detected a bit more interest in golf , a positive sign for country clubs and golf club makers . 
The British conglomerate , planning its own defensive restructuring to fight off a # 13.35 billion ( $ 21.03 billion ) takeover bid by Anglo-French financier Sir James Goldsmith , intends to press ahead with an extraordinary shareholder vote today to clear the way for its value-boosting measures . 
Of the 1,300 chemists registered for the society 's weeklong meeting , fewer than 200 sat through the day and a half of cold fusion presentations at week 's end . 
He became Gen. Torrijos 's inseparable shadow , and the holder of all Panama 's secrets . 
Bush administration officials appear increasingly concerned that Mr. Greenspan is cautious to a fault . 
Lebanon 's Parliament passed the power-sharing accord to end the country 's 14-year-old conflict , but the Christian military leader wad the plan was `` full of ambiguities . '' 
They 've been able to measure the minuscule movements of the artery wall as the beating heart raises and lowers the pressure of the flowing blood , a first for such tiny blood vessels , they report in Nature , a scientific journal . 
Hence , as they see it , if something is n't done earthlings will become ever more subject to sunburn and skin cancer . 
COMPANIES SEEKING to make insurers pay for pollution cleanup win court victory . 
This does not mean that the Federal Reserve does not already play an important indirect role in the stock market . 
The Venezuelan currency plummeted this year , making it difficult for auto makers there to afford imported parts . 
To avoid this deficit Mr. Lawson inflated the pound in order to prevent its rise . 
Throw in its railroad , minerals , pipeline and oil assets , he and others argued , and the Chicago-based conglomerate should be worth 30 a share . 
Resistance to a national language comes primarily from members of the country 's elite , who generally prefer English . 
On Wednesday , Mobil will begin offering separation packages and voluntary retirement in its U.S. production operation . 
Sam Yanes , a Polaroid spokesman , said `` I do n't know about disappointing , '' but added that the company has n't been able to get the product on the shelves of some mass-merchandise , discount retailers that it had hoped would be carrying the product already . 
Ford did n't say how much it might offer for Jaguar , or when . 
Mr. Cole said the sale of the 77-year Financial Times , which Southam has owned since 1961 , is consistent with Southam 's strategy of cutting costs to obtain maximum profits from its operations while disposing of `` chronically under-performing '' assets . 
Well , not yet . 
Exports fell for the second month in a row , while imports rose to a record . 
Stock prices finished about unchanged Friday in quiet expiration trading . 
William Rothe , head of OTC trading at Alex . Brown & Sons , in Baltimore , said program trading is keeping the markets unsettled . 
The year-earlier nine months include a gain of $ 35 million , or 13 cents a share , from sale of the company 's Electricity Control & Transformers division . 
AMR , the parent of American Airlines , fell 1 3\/4 to 68 7\/8 on 2.3 million shares ; Delta Air Lines lost 1 1\/2 to 66 , Southwest Airlines slid 3\/4 to 24 1\/4 and Midway Airlines dropped 1\/4 to 14 7\/8 . 
House and Senate conferees agreed to continue production of Grumman Corp. 's F-14 and to provide more than $ 3.8 billion for the Strategic Defense Initiative during the current fiscal year . 
But he said the downturn probably wo n't become a `` major contraction '' similar to those of 1974 and 1982 . 
Generally , imports appeal most to Americans who live in the West and are well-educated , affluent and , especially , young . 
Up to now , the main weapon of the `` worker and peasant state '' has been the ideology of socialism . 
Even after-hours drag ; `` karaoke '' bars , where Japanese revelers sing over recorded music , are prohibited by Mexico 's powerful musicians union . 
Public Affairs 
It earned $ 76.4 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 quarter . 
`` It 's not a pretty picture , '' said David Smith , an analyst with Raymond James & Associates . 
To leave this decision to an `` independent '' agency is not only undemocratic . 
`` Buy stocks on weakness for their long-term fundamentals , '' he says . 
But the tax-preparation business simply has no more room to grow , says Mark Cremonie , director of research for Capital Supervisors Inc. , a Chicago firm that manages $ 6.5 billion . 
Last month , Mr. Friend says , Mr. Alexander 's associate agreed that Derr would pay $ 50,000 as part of an overall settlement . 
The registered importer would be required to bring such vehicles into compliance with the U.S. safety standards , compared with the current situation in which anyone can bring in such vehicles and modify them to meet the U.S. standards . 
The IRS assessed the clinic $ 350,000 in back payroll taxes . 
In California , this is the reality . 
The reality of life in modern America is that if you want to wreck something that works , let it fall into the hands of Congress . 
Buying interest also resurfaced in the technology sector , including International Business Machines , whose board approved a $ 1 billion increase in its stock buy-back program . 
Insurance stocks provided some early support to the market , partly on favorable brokerage recommendatons and talk of continental European interest in British life and composite insurers . 
One slot is expected to go to EEOC Chairman Clarence Thomas , a black conservative ; after mulling a fight , liberals now probably wo n't put up a major struggle against him . 
Mr. Silvers says , `` I wanted to be interviewed to get Abbie 's story out , and maybe talking about the illness will do some good . '' 
J. Michael Cook , chairman of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells International , said he believes the legal action by the British firm `` to be without merit . '' 
A spokesman for New York City Comptroller Harrison Goldin said the high rates reflect investors concerns about the city 's financial health and political uncertainties . 
The $ 942,000 purchase raised his holdings to 74,000 shares . 
Administration officials also have said that Washington Mayor Marion Barry has delayed consideration of sites in the city . 
Something other than what most scientists would recognize as the truth is being sought here . ) 
DISCIPLINARY PROCEEDINGS against lawyers open to public in Illinois . 
He adds , `` That 's the forecasting business . '' 
There have been rumblings that , at long last , changes may be in the works . 
Within minutes after the stock market closed Friday , I called Sen. Bill Bradley of New Jersey , advised him that the Dow Jones Industrial Average had declined by 190 points late that afternoon , and cheerfully informed him that he and his fellow Democrats were to blame . 
By that time they found extremely low profit rates from non-financial corporate investment . 
I do n't subsidize anyone . 
We have people in high place still lying through their teeth about Iran-Contra , and that apparently is n't going to change . 
The additional spending pushes the measure more than $ 2 billion above its prescribed budget ceiling , and the House Appropriations Committee leadership must now seek a waiver in hopes of completing action today . 
Mrs. Thi did n't wait for the reforms to get her start . 
Congress tightened auto safety standards for gray-market imports after U.S. auto dealers , including franchised foreign-car dealers , complained that they often were blamed when the second and third buyers of such vehicles found that the cars could n't meet U.S. auto safety standards . 
He points to a letter on his desk , his second in a week from President Bush , saying that they `` do n't disagree . '' 
P&G , Cincinnati , agreed to exchange 0.272 share of its common stock for each share of Noxell common and Class B stock , a total of about 11 million P&G shares . 
The new exchange drew instant recognition from an unwelcome quarter . 
Mr. Kane said he expects several other companies to join some time after the venture completes a business plan , probably later this week . 
More important , he emerged as a peacemaker last summer after the Central Park rape of a white jogger -- in which a group of Harlem teens was charged -- and the racial murder of a black teen-ager in the white Brooklyn neighborhood of Bensonhurst . 
Nevertheless , phone service was sporadic ; many computer terminals remained dark , and by late yesterday a third of San Francisco remained without power . 
Mrs. Thatcher 's remarks were seen as a rebuff to several leading members of her own Conservative Party who have called for a more clear-cut British commitment to the EMS . 
Besides adding to sales , leathers also attract retailers who may buy furs later , he adds . 
Coda Energy Inc. said it completed the sale of Phenix-Transmission Co. to Bishop Pipeline Co. , for $ 17 million in cash and notes . 
It 's set in New York , but it resonates with the terrible dynamics of the Latin American drug wars . 
One office had 19 people doing the work of three , `` and half of the employees had company automobiles . '' 
Mr. Vinson estimates the industry 's total revenues approach $ 200 million . 
The latest 10-year Treasury was quoted at 100 22\/32 to yield 7.88 % , compared with 100 17\/32 to yield 7.9 % . 
The NCI report attributes the differences in mortality rates by race to different smoking patterns . 
One analyst said he thought the market continued to be supported to some degree by a delay in the Cuban sugar harvest caused by adverse weather . 
The market , however , is expected to remain stable and expectations for future gains are high , traders said . 
Berkeley very quiet right now . 
Procter & Gamble Co. , Cincinnati , expanding its presence in the food service market , said it acquired Maryland Club Foods , a coffee supplier , from an investor group led by F. Philip Handy of Winter Park , Fla . 
South Carolina 's congressional delegation has entered Senate and House bills to provide special casualty-loss treatment and other tax relief for timber growers in the hurricane disaster areas . 
The two West German electronics concerns said they have set up European Power Semiconductor Co. to merge their activities in the field . 
International Business Machines Corp. said it agreed to let Motorola Inc. participate in a semiconductor research project as part of its effort to bolster the U.S. semiconductor industry . 
Heavy losses in North American auto operations sent GM 's net tumbling to $ 516.9 million from a record $ 859.2 million . 
That 's right , money market mutual funds . 
Sheraton Corp. and Pan American World Airways announced that they and two Soviet partners will construct two `` world-class '' hotels within a mile of Red Square in Moscow . 
In one ad , a photo of the interior of the Sainte-Chapelle in Paris is paired with the headline , `` The only book more respected than ours does n't accept advertising . '' 
`` We did n't look at it and say , ` Oh my God , something is going to happen , ' '' said Stanley Uhr , vice president and corporate counsel . 
He said the improvement was a result of cost savings achieved by consolidating manufacturing operations , blending two sales organizations and focusing more carefully the company 's promotional activities . 
If this battle were a movie , the producers would be fighting over two scripts with nothing but an opening scene in common . 
Typically , manufacturers are paid 10 days after the month in which they ship . 
Di Giorgio gained 1 to 30 3\/4 after the company said it is starting negotiations with unidentified parties interested in acquiring its units . 
`` The beautiful look of wool , '' croons the show 's narrator , `` slightly Victorian in its influence ... . '' 
If the LDP , as currently composed , ca n't make the transformation , then it should split into two parties . 
The commission 's filing in that case challenges Connecticut 's mandatory retirement age of 70 for appointed judges . 
Ray White in Utah and Walter Bodmer , a researcher in Great Britain , are close to finding another gene involved with some types of colon cancer , thought to be on chromosome 5 . 
In an extraordinary mix of cultures and church-state powers , Rep. Robert Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) lectured his fellow Roman Catholics -- including Mr. Florio -- for having the `` chutzpah '' to disagree with the hierarchy of their church on abortion . 
`` There 's a strong sense among the martini set that there 's more { bad news } to come , '' asserts Roger Yates , chief investment officer at Morgan Grenfell Asset Management . 
Japanese government bonds showed little change . 
Exxon Corp. said it will move its headquarters from Manhattan to Dallas . 
But until then , and probably long afterward , the Communists ' apparat of obstruction -- from the head of the dairy co-op to the village bank manager -- will stay planted in the Polish countryside . 
Was not the title very clear ? 
Since commercial airline flights were disrupted , the company chartered three planes to fly these executives back to the West Coast and bring along portable computers , cellular phones and some claims adjusters . 
An Air France spokeswoman said , `` we 're absolutely ready to study all solutions . '' 
Mr. Leemans said the hybrid rapeseeds created with this genetic engineering yield 15 % to 30 % more output than the commercial strains used currently . 
Charges for staff cuts and other restructuring produced a net loss of $ 54.1 million , or 77 cents a share , in 1988 's third quarter . 
Acadia would sell up to 10 % of the equity in the reorganized company to creditors and bondholders in exchange for the cash distribution , but creditors and bondholders would receive no discount for their shares . 
But as of August , only 50 % actually had stock-market investments of that size . 
GM has scheduled overtime at its Lordstown , Ohio , and Janesville , Wis. , assembly plants , which build the Chevrolet Cavalier . 
Many a piglet wo n't be born as a result , and many a ham will never hang in a butcher shop . 
More and more observers now realize that the key to ending future HUD scandals lies in forcing Congress to clean up its own act . 
The judge says he ca n't discuss in detail how he will defend himself at his trial , although he contends that if he were as corrupt as state prosecutors believe , he would be far wealthier than he is . 
The new letter purports to do this , saying that in addition to $ 7 a share in cash , StatesWest would offer one share of new 6 % convertible preferred stock of StatesWest it values at $ 3 a share . 
Guber Peters stock , which traded as low as $ 6 a share last year , closed yesterday at $ 16.625 . 
Both distributions are payable Dec. 4 to limited partners of record Nov. 3 . 
They have no reserves against the real estate , and their reserves against the loans are miniscule compared with the levels of reserves banks are moving to set up . 
The increase in wage and benefit costs in the third quarter was greater than the 1 % rise reported for the third quarter of 1988 . 
Comair said it paid cash but declined to disclose the price . 
Most bond prices fell on concerns about this week 's new supply and disappointment that stock prices did n't stage a sharp decline . 
Shell Oil 
`` They 're anticipating further declines in rates and they 're going to get them , slowly , '' said Walter Frank , chief economist for the Donoghue Organization , publisher of Money Fund Report . 
According to one person present at the meeting , Eastern 's new plan is financially `` overly optimistic . '' 
`` The Americans have left him without a way out . 
In the last hour of the trading day , December contract took a tumble to end the session 10 cents lower at $ 19.62 a barrel . 
For all of 1988 , the company reported an after-tax operating loss of $ 134,000 on revenue of $ 593.5 million . 
After three Sagos were stolen from his home in Garden Grove , `` I put a big iron stake in the ground and tied the tree to the stake with a chain , '' he says proudly . 
A strategic review is fundamentally different . 
Dealers said they viewed the initial # 390-million ( $ 622 million ) outlay for a 15 % stake in the airline as a bit much . 
The sale to the Chinese government of 330,000 metric tons of wheat under the government 's export enhancement program was announced after the close of trading Monday , but the sale was expected and failed to buoy prices yesterday , said Dale Gustafson , a futures analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. in Chicago . 
Mitsubishi Heavy Industries Ltd. said unconsolidated pretax earnings in the fiscal first half surged 79 % to a record 63.25 billion yen ( $ 445.7 million ) , reflecting strong demand for a variety of products . 
These firms are pioneers in a significant new trend in the corporate world : the rise of what I call corporate due process . 
Since Friday 's dive in stock market prices , the Fed has injected reserves into the banking system in an effort to calm the markets and avert a repeat of 1987 's stock market debacle . 
He also leads an opulent life style . 
But the new lens became the eye of a storm . 
The book noted changes made at the manufacturing level that were n't disclosed to the FDA . 
`` I feel sorry for whoever wins , '' says a Brazilian diplomat . 
The conceptual base -- a criminal-justice approach -- is the same that I have worked through before , in the Nixon administration when I was budget director and secretary of the treasury with jurisdiction over the Customs . 
Revenue in the third quarter was $ 437.7 million , almost unchanged from $ 436.3 million a year earlier . 
It was supposed to be a routine courtesy call . 
In the 1988 third quarter , profit from continuing operations totaled $ 140.1 million . 
Michael A. Miles , chief executive officer of Philip Morris Cos . ' Kraft General Foods unit , bought 6,000 shares of the company on Sept. 22 for $ 157 each . 
`` It 's a very small shop . '' 
`` Rather than sell 39-cents-a-pound Delicious , maybe we can sell 79-cents-a-pound Fujis , '' says Chuck Tryon , perishables director for Super Valu Inc. , a Minneapolis supermarket chain and food distributor . 
The rise of superintendents such as Joseph Fernandez and Ted Kimbrough suggests plainly the process of disintegration in many school systems . 
Commission income from domestic stock and bond sales accounts form a large portion of Japanese securities companies ' earnings . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
The trust , which owns 80 % of Manville 's stock on a fully diluted basis , is a separate legal entity that is settling claims with asbestos victims . 
From Chevy trucks to Lipton iced tea to a host of battling banks , the state has been inundated with broadcast commercials and print advertising campaigns celebrating Texans and castigating outsiders . 
For example , Toronto-based Telemedia Inc. will publish Eating Well , a new food and health magazine due out next summer . 
A year earlier , CMS posted profit of $ 1.1 million , or 13 cents a share , on sales of $ 48 million . 
But the Tax Court said the limitations were reasonable and realistic and allowed the deductions . 
Such armor crushes the soldier . 
In the late 1970s and early 1980s , lenders and developers poured money into office buildings , condominiums and massive tracts of raw desert land , confident that Arizona 's population would grow at annual rates of 4 % to 6 % for years to come . 
A slight recovery in the stock market gave currency traders confidence to push the dollar higher before the unit dropped back by day 's end . 
Only a week ago , when airline buy-out fever was already winding down , Mr. Steinhardt was engaged in a duel with USAir . 
The county at the end of 1988 had 307,000 jobs , 95,400 of them in the tourist industry . 
Friday 's Market Activity 
Third-quarter earnings at Amerada Hess more than tripled to $ 51.81 million , or 64 cents a share , from $ 15.7 million , or 20 cents a share , a year earlier . 
The final maturity is in five years . 
The company said its shipments declined as a result of a reduction in inventories by service centers , a lackluster automotive market and increasing competitive pressures in the construction market . 
`` On the contrary , it shows a corporation reacting swiftly and aggressively to very difficult issues in largely uncharted waters . '' 
In addition , OEX options were suspended from trading last Friday afternoon , after the stock-market sell-off got under way and trading in the S&P-500 futures contract was halted . 
Yet CBS will air only 12 regular-season games , 26 fewer than ABC and NBC . 
A spokesman said its purpose is `` to bolster the impression that NBC Sports is always there for people . '' 
Frank Mingo Dies at 49 
Maxicare also will guarantee that the banks will realize at least $ 7 million on certain notes pledged to them . 
Analysts say the earnings improvement came from cutting costs rather than increasing sales . 
Other tax benefits probably will be restored and created . 
Dr. Blumenfeld says he does n't remember the paragraph about premiums in the fact sheet he received and did n't realize part of what he paid was a premium . 
Undeterred , D.T. 's handlers vowed to press on . 
That something , whatever it is , could add as much as $ 100 to the $ 600 or so consumers now pay for lower-priced refrigerators . 
Company officials said the current robust domestic demand that has been fueling sustained economic expansion helped push up sales of products like ships , steel structures , power systems and machinery and resulted in sharply higher profit . 
But once the new securities are digested , they expect investors to focus on the weak economic data . 
Damage will be `` easily in the millions , '' the company said . 
Peter Laird , a Los Angeles lawyer for Ms. Midler , said , `` We believe that the verdict reaffirms her position and our position that advertisers and advertising agencies can not with impunity imitate the voices of well-known performers . 
Chrysler has also launched a $ 1 billion cost-cutting program that will cut about 2,300 white-collar workers from the payroll in the next few months . 
Dun & Bradstreet said operating earnings rose 8 % , excluding the sale of Official Airline Guides . 
He describes a Mastergate flunky as one who experienced a `` meteoric disappearance '' and found himself `` handling blanket appeals at the Bureau of Indian Affairs . '' 
American Telephone & Telegraph Co. unveiled new optical transmission systems for data , video and voice communications . 
He added that San Francisco 's trolley cars and trolley buses were also running at full service levels . 
William J. Montgoris , chief financial officer , defended the lofty salaries at Bear Stearns . 
The only time the violin has it is right at the end . 
The stock slid $ 1.875 on more than four times average daily volume . 
Milan-based Odeon , which draws about 3 % of Italian TV viewers , has debt of 250 billion lire ( $ 181.9 million ) , Mr. Fiorini said . 
It meant to convey our hope that the Senator and other members of the congressional left are broadening their dislike of Noriega to include other notorious Central American drug runners . 
In a sagging market , the Federal Reserve System `` might flood the market with funds , and that should bring interest rates down , '' says Leonard T. Anctil , vice president of the Bank of New England , Boston . 
The Oakland Athletics won baseball 's World Series , defeating the San Francisco Giants in a four-game sweep . 
It added another 5 % Monday before stocks rallied . 
As mandated by law , the tax rate will rise to 7.65 % in 1990 from 7.51 % and wo n't rise any further in the future . 
Another recently offered Alex . Brown issue , Rally 's , surged 3 1\/8 to 23 . 
The merger requires the approval of Norwegian authorities . 
Moreover , the amended pact shows how McCaw 's persistence has pushed LIN and BellSouth into a corner , forcing huge debt on the proposed new company . 
The price was 3.6 billion yen ( $ 25 million ) . 
IBM , for instance , said it anticipates returning to a normal work schedule by the weekend at its San Jose plant , which puts out disk drives for the 3090 family of mainframes . 
No book contracts have been dangled before Deborah Gore Dean , the reigning queen of the HUD scandal . 
The filing also said certain provisions which apply to persons acquiring 20 % or more of Intelogic common stock , were waived by Intelogic for Mr. Edelman , who is chairman of the company . 
The contract was negotiated by the countries ' two prime ministers , and was supposed to be free of commissions or agents ' costs . 
Ned Beatty may portray former California Gov. Pat Brown in a forthcoming epsiode on Caryl Chessman , the last man to be executed in California , in 1960 . 
Revenue was $ 111.9 million , up 50 % from $ 74.8 million . 
But the machinists union , whose opposition helped scuttle the first buy-out bid , is likely to favor a recapitalization with a friendly third-party investor . 
The investment choices offered by the pension fund currently are limited to a stock fund , an annuity and a money-market fund . 
Unemployment in September dropped to 1,695,000 , the lowest level since 1980 . 
The Treasury also announced details of this week 's unusual bill auction , which has been changed to accommodate the expiration of the federal debt ceiling at midnight tomorrow . 
Nearly 1,000 investors responded to the Journal 's poll , providing an in-depth look at their portfolios . 
Kidder Peabody & Co. says it monitors bond-trading conversations between brokers and customers to safeguard order accuracy . 
Of course I 'd rather have a computer software firm in my backyard than a hazardous waste incinerator . 
Dow Jones industrials 2662.91 , off 26.23 ; transportation 1236.66 , up 5.86 ; utilities 215.35 , off 0.13 . 
In 1987 , USAir Chairman Edwin Colodny stonewalled when Trans World Airlines Chairman Carl Icahn threatened to take over the carrier . 
A handful of small U.S. companies are struggling to develop the technology to build the screens for the thin , high-quality televisions that are expected to hang on living room walls by the end of the 1990s . 
`` I think so . 
Mitsubishi is also pushing ahead with a controversial plan to redevelop Marunouchi into a business center of high-tech buildings , a project budgeted for 30 years and six trillion yen . 
Mr. Kamm , the China trade expert , estimates that as much as 50 % of Guangdong 's exports is made up of processed imported raw materials . 
The reason was not high interest rates or labor costs . 
Warner-Lambert , Morris Plains , N.J. , reported sales that were a record for any quarter and the eighth quarter in a row of 20 % or more per-share earnings growth . 
An EC spokesman said the two companies will be notified so they can begin negotiations with Brussels on how to modify the pact . 
After a stronger-than-expected pace early this year , analysts say the market , after a series of sharp swings in recent months , now shows signs of retreating . 
`` The hero of my youth , the one person in history I 'd most like to meet . 
Unlike the earlier U.S. farm-trade proposal which struck European countries as too extreme , the latest plan would provide some room for maneuver . 
At the same time , production costs , compared with a year ago , were boosted by higher raw material and employment costs , which resulted from the company 's new labor pact effective June 1 . 
At the state and local level , the bonds are subject to surtaxes and estate , inheritance and gift taxes , but exempt from taxation as to principal and interest . 
Proponents of expanding FHA programs say they merely want to help home buyers who are frozen out of high-priced markets . 
`` I wanted to be in business . '' 
The program provides highly subsidized loans to any student whose family earns less than a particular amount . 
Federal authorities in New York started investigating exchanges in May , though no indictments have been handed down there . 
The shares were suspended from trading following disclosure of the Atlanta scandal ; Consob , the stock exchange regulatory body , reportedly will decide soon whether to end the trading suspension . 
The Fuji is still small potatoes in the U.S. , sold mainly in fruit boutiques . 
`` That 's always looking back , '' she said . 
The bonds , rated single-A by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1992 to 7.26 % in 2019 . 
For the quarter , Textron said aerospace revenue , including Bell helicopter and jet-engine manufacture , declined 9.8 % to $ 755.9 million from $ 838.3 million , an indication of slowing government defense work . 
It also could put the government into the RU-486 business , which would please feminists dismayed at what they view as pusillanimity in the private-sector drug industry . 
Salt Lake City-based First Security , with $ 5.4 billion in assets , said the agreement is subject to shareholder and regulatory approval , and that it hopes to complete the transaction early next year . 
UNDER A PROPOSAL by Democrats to expand Individual Retirement Accounts , a $ 2,000 contribution by a taxpayer in the 33 % bracket would save $ 330 on his taxes . 
Yet Israel will neither share power with all these Arabs nor , says its present prime minister , redraw its borders closer to its pre-1967 Jewish heartland . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
With the February 1987 U.N. accords `` relating to Afghanistan , '' the Soviet Union got everything it needed to consolidate permanent control . 
They are : James R. Eiszner , 62 years old and chairman and chief executive officer of CPC International Inc. ; Robert G. Schwartz , 61 , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Metropolitan Life Insurance Co. , and Walter V. Shipley , 53 , chairman and chief executive officer of Chemical Banking Corp . 
Then he unleashed his own , unstoppable , attack . 
Since then , roughly 50 pediatric patients have received the drug in his program . 
In the latest nine months , the company earned $ 8.5 million , or $ 1.03 a share . 
Investigators cite the case of Matthew Valentine , who is currently serving a six-year sentence at Lompoc Federal Prison for his role in Intech Investment Corp. , which promised investors returns of as much as 625 % on precious metals . 
Analysts were disappointed that Digital 's new line apparently wo n't contribute much to earnings before the next fiscal year , which begins in July . 
Great Western Financial said third-quarter profit rose slightly to $ 68.4 million , or 52 cents a share , from $ 67.9 million , or 53 cents a share , from a year ago . 
And he says Block 's other businesses are growing , although less consistently . 
But Mr. Pilson has been put in the uncomfortable role of setting off a bidding frenzy for sports rights , a frenzy that the networks had hoped to avoid . 
Yields on most fixed-income securities are lower than several months ago . 
The expected amount is said to be 700 billion yen ( $ 4.93 billion ) to 1.05 trillion yen -- the second largest amount this year in a given period , following the record high set at the end of July , according to market observers . 
The workers install , maintain and repair its private branch exchanges , which are large intracompany telephone networks . 
Apogee was quoted in the over-the-counter market yesterday at $ 2 bid . 
$ 350 million of senior subordinated debentures , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , was priced at par to yield 12 7\/8 % . 
Costs are giving them a little bit of trouble , and the whole industry is having a pricing problem . '' 
Since joining the Politburo in 1983 as its youngest member , Mr. Krenz had acquired the nickname `` crown prince , '' a reference to the widely held view that he was the hand-picked successor to Mr. Honecker . 
T. Rowe Price is an investment adviser to mutual funds , institutions and individuals . 
Other large firms , including Bear , Stearns & Co. and Morgan Stanley & Co. , last week announced a pullback from index arbitrage , but only for the firms ' own accounts . 
Many of the properties are owned through limited partnerships controlled by Mr. Helmsley . 
Last year , 25 % of the 10 million bicycles sold in the U.S. were mountain bikes . 
They are very visually sophisticated , '' explains LSI graphics specialist Robert Seltzer . 
The arbs may recoup some of their paper losses if the UAL deal gets patched up again , as they did in 1982 when Occidental Petroleum Co. rescued them with a $ 4 billion takeover of Cities Service . 
`` The big word around Specialized is passion , '' says Erik Eidsmo , a former ski-industry executive whom Mr. Sinyard recruited from Citicorp to run marketing and sales . 
A `` syndicate '' of shareholders holds just under 50 % of AG , Mr. Lippens said , and members have agreed to give one another the right of first refusal should they sell any AG shares . 
During negotiations with American officials in May 1988 over proposals to drop the U.S. indictments in exchange for his resignation , Mr. Noriega often asked almost plaintively how the Americans , whom he had helped for so many years , could turn against him . 
One South Bronx principal kept his job for 16 years , despite a serious drinking problem and rarely showing up for work . 
The key will be whether Arizona real estate turns around or at least stabilizes , he said . 
The spokesman said the issue was sold out and met with strong interest abroad , particularly from Japanese investors . 
Mr. Carpenter this month sold off Kidder 's eight brokerage offices in Florida and Puerto Rico to Merrill Lynch & Co. , refueling speculation that Kidder is getting out of the brokerage business entirely . 
`` You can find some good , quality companies over the counter , '' but investors should be selective , says John Palicka , chief portfolio manager at Midco Investors , a Newark , N.J. , money management company with about $ 900 million invested in growth stocks of varying sizes . 
`` A great many federal regulations are meant for larger entities and do n't really apply to small businesses , '' says Marian Jacob , a legislative aide to Sen. Wallop . 
The borrowing to raise these funds would be paid off as assets of sick thrifts are sold . 
Esselte AB , the Stockholm office supplies company , as expected , proposed to acquire the 22 % it does n't own of its U.S. unit , Esselte Business Systems Inc . 
Parker Hannifin Corp. said it agreed to sell its three automotive parts divisions to a management-led investor group for $ 80 million . 
`` Infiniti has it down to the ashtrays , '' says Jay Ferron , a partner at J.D. Power & Associates , an auto research firm . 
Sen. Alan Cranston trekked over to the House side of Capitol Hill a few days ago and volunteered his testimony to fellow Democrat Rep. Henry Gonzalez . 
While he did n't comment directly on the pact between Ciba-Geigy and the university , he said Merieux can transfer new products and technologies to Connaught more rapidly than other companies `` not currently producing and marketing vaccines { who } can only promise this for some ... years in the future . '' 
If it were n't for Social Security payments , more than three times as many elderly would be below the poverty line , Mr. Butz said . 
There has been a lot of talk that a large portion of the Colombian economy is sustained by the laundering of drug money . 
Mr. Mark attributed the earnings growth to strong sales in Latin America , Asia and Europe . 
Mr. Skase , a 41-year-old former newspaper reporter who chairs the company , said in a statement that Qintex will sell its 51 % stake in its upscale Mirage resorts in Australia and Hawaii as well as three Australian television stations . 
Mr. Hulings gloats that he sold all his stocks a week before the market plummeted 190 points on Oct. 13 , and he is using the money to help buy a 45-acre horse farm . 
Further consolidations in the industry could follow . 
Next to Chez Panisse a homeless couple , bundled into a blue sleeping bag , sat up , said , `` Good morning '' and then the woman smiled , said , `` Is n't it great just to be alive ? '' 
Who is going to carry the water ? ' '' 
But it showed strength throughout the session , hitting a low of only 2102.2 within the first few minutes of dealings . 
Four other unions have yet to vote , but their leadership also recommended approval . 
The shortage of nurses is crimping profit at Personnel Pool , said the second money manager . 
As a result , the insurance market plans new measures to restrict the ability of syndicate officials to leave years open . 
This is the nation 's biggest city and , traditionally , its mayor is the nation 's best-known urban politician . 
GAF , Part III is scheduled to begin today . 
At the peak of its power and influence a century ago , Lloyd 's dominated the insurance world with a 50 % stake . 
A six-month , broker-sold CD , for example , was yielding an average 8.09 % in the latest week , a fifth of a percentage point lower than the week before . 
Last month , for example , Mips agreed to supply its computers to Nixdorf Computer AG of West Germany and France 's Groupe Bull . 
Earlier this year , the U.S. complained that Japan 's supercomputer makers were effectively closing out foreign competitors by slashing prices as much as 90 % for universities . 
This is not the `` Mississippi Burning '' scenario that thrills his young colleagues : `` Kid , you 've been reading Classic Comics too long , '' Mancuso says . 
But foreign-exchange dealers said the dollar staged a quick comeback , prompted by a round of short covering and some fresh buying interest later in the trading day . 
Detrex , which has annual sales of about $ 100 million , declined to say if it would post a loss in the third quarter . 
They say the longer the warranty , the longer customers will automatically return to new-car dealers , which then find non-warranty work that might otherwise go to repair shops . 
American Airlines parent AMR and USAir Group , both subject to takeover efforts themselves , have each warned of declining results . 
It is compromises such as this that convince Washington 's liberals that if they simply stay the course , this administration will stray from its own course on this and other issues . 
An administration official confirmed last week that Mr. Simmons , the chairman of Valley National Bank in Phoenix , is the Republican appointee , and that a security clearance was under way . 
One 60-second TV spot features a diverse group of skiers gracefully gliding down sun-drenched slopes : senior citizens , minorities , families with children -- even a blind skier . 
Managers at five chains have said in recent weeks that they intend to bid for their companies . 
Net foreign investment through August this year has been running at a pace of $ 12.5 billion , about double the year-earlier rate . 
RISC technology speeds up a computer by simplifying the internal software . 
But whether the pilots can team up with their longtime adversaries , the machinists , is another question . 
If Sex Is Involved , All Bets Are Off 
Terms of the accord were n't disclosed . 
Mr. Straszheim expects he will take some heat , and he 's right . 
In the outfield , Paul Blair , the Orioles ' eight-time Gold Glove winner , elegantly shags a fly . 
The flamboyant and publicity-conscious Mr. Belli says he already has investigators looking into who could be held liable for the damage on the Bay Bridge and the interstate approaching it . 
Mr. Maxwell said unless the company can start shipments of the new product sometime this quarter , the fourth-quarter loss is likely to be `` comparable to the third quarter 's . '' 
UAL declined to comment on British Air 's statement . 
The bureau found that only two of six New York furniture stores could prove their presale prices were higher . 
`` They { LTV } may believe this can impact contract negotiations and is their signal to the world that now is the time to get tough on prices , '' said Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
Dedication runs high . 
Congress sent to Bush an $ 8.5 billion military construction bill that cuts spending for new installations by 16 % . 
The hacker was pawing over the Berkeley files but also using Berkeley and other easily accessible computers as stepping stones to the network of computers used by the military and national security agencies . 
Maybe the Chinese , maybe even the Indians . '' 
There ca n't be an older baseball fan alive who does n't clearly remember that Bobby Thomson homer , who ca n't tell you where he was when he heard the famous Russ Hodges radio broadcast -- the one that concluded with Mr. Hodges shouting , over and over , `` The Giants win the pennant , the Giants win the pennant ! '' 
Both executives left the company after clashes with Chairman Ralph Ingersoll Jr . 
First , its position in the government is anomalous . 
`` Mr. Hunt 's attempt to squeeze the silver market 10 years ago is still indirectly to blame for today 's market depression , '' says Lesley Edgar , managing director of Sharps Pixley Ltd. , London bullion brokers . 
I 'm thinking about using the $ 871 annual premium to finance a trip to Paris first . 
DFC is held 80 % by National Provident Fund , New Zealand 's largest pension fund , and 20 % by Salomon Brothers Inc. , the investment-bank and securities-firm subsidiary of Salomon Inc. in New York . 
Last year , the total women 's fashion jewelry business topped $ 4.9 billion , says Karen Alberg , editor of Accessories magazine . 
Nissan says it will introduce its first system next month on the Infiniti Q45 luxury sedan , and Toyota 's Celica coupe will go on sale with the suspension device next spring . 
PROGRAM TRADING is being curbed by more securities firms , but big institutional investors are expected to continue the practice , further roiling the stock market . 
Rohm & Haas , which plans to start operating seven new production units this year , attributed the profit slide partly to higher start-up expense . 
Her mother was a translator ; her father was `` the eternal vice director . '' 
Chimanbhai Mehta , a parliamentarian and former Gandhi ally , predicts Congress ( I ) will win only 150 seats , a quarter of the house , if the opposition fields single candidates in 80 % of the races . 
-- John Drybred . 
What miffed many USX executives and shareholders was that the acquisition , for $ 3 billion of stock , doubled the USX shares outstanding and considerably diluted them . 
THE SUPREME COURT ruling upholding Missouri 's restrictive abortion law was Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services . 
And he has worked to shed his raider image . 
Arm troubles forced him back to the minors the next year . 
December gold was up $ 3.20 an ounce at $ 373.40 ; December silver gained 5.7 cents to $ 5.1950 an ounce . 
The rally brought the gain so far this week to about 114 points . 
`` We have to study their experience very well , '' he says . 
UAL skidded 21 5\/8 to 168 1\/2 on 2.2 million shares . 
Maryland Community Development Administration , Department of Housing and Community Development -- $ 80 million of single-family program bonds , 1989 4th and 5th Series , via a Merrill Lynch group . 
Mr. Volk , 55 years old , succeeds Duncan Dwight , who retired in September . 
`` To allow this massive level of unfettered federal borrowing without prior congressional approval would be irresponsible , '' said Rep. Fortney Stark ( D. , Calif. ) , who has introduced a bill to limit the RTC 's authority to issue debt . 
No one ever eats in their books and look at them ... . 
It is quite unfortunate that you failed so miserably in reporting the Hurricane Hugo disaster . 
The agreement was announced by Costa Rican President Oscar Arias Friday , as President Bush and other leaders from the Western Hemisphere gathered in the Central American nation for a celebration of democracy . 
The illegal `` tip '' of the bunny 's good nose was then largely a confirmation of rumors already known to many in the market . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts added 3\/8 to 10 3\/4 on volume of 1.1 million . 
American Airlines will expand its trans-Atlantic service 30 % beginning next year with six new daily flights between the U.S. and Europe , officials announced yesterday . 
Indeed , there are legitimate hedging strategies used by managers of large portfolios such as pension funds that involve program trading as a means of protecting the assets of their pension beneficiaries . '' 
But several weeks ago , in the wake of the Beijing killings , the loan was canceled , according to bankers and executives close to the project . 
Indeed , analysts have said that the absence of new products , among other factors , has limited sales growth throughout the industry . 
There are also questions about whether a new and inexperienced mayor can manage the city through what could become a financial crisis . 
ORGANIZED CRIME Strike Forces likely to be abolished next month . 
But China 's official Xinhua News Agency reported that the number of foreign businessmen was greater than the previous fair -- without providing statistics . 
Judith Elkin , lawyer for the creditors , said the creditors group is challenging certain accounting entries on the parent company 's books and estimates that the receivable owed the steel company could be as much as $ 40 million . 
Aim Prime Rate Plus Fund Inc. -- 10 million common shares , via PaineWebber Inc . 
They confront stubborn inflation and a sagging economy , that is to say , stagflation . 
A Chemical spokeswoman said the second-quarter charge was `` not material '' and that no personnel changes were made as a result . 
The two lawmakers sparred in a highly personal fashion , violating usual Senate decorum . 
In fact , the earnings report unfolded as representatives of the world 's No. 1 jet maker and the striking Machinists union came back to the negotiating table for their first meeting in two weeks . 
`` Think I 'll redo my image -- get this changed to a glove , '' quipped the big first baseman Saturday night , fingering the gold bat he wears on a neck chain . 
This is no idle fear last year the FHA lost $ 4.2 billion in loan defaults . 
Financing plans include raising $ 170 million in debt secured by the company 's holdings in New Jersey . 
Soichiro Honda 's picture now hangs with Henry Ford 's in the U.S. Automotive Hall of Fame , and the game-show `` Jeopardy '' is soon to be Sony-owned . 
Employers foot the bill , he says , figuring what 's good for the couple is good for the company . 
The newspaper Leninskoye Zamya said the committee decided the plan to parcel out economic powers previously exercised by Moscow to the country 's 15 republics `` does n't reflect the radical changes in the Soviet federation . '' 
That is because many companies will standardize on certain types of equipment as the various parts of the manufacturing market merge , and IBM is the biggest player . 
Edisto currently is the general partner of NRM . 
In the name of civic pride and from the desire to nullify a negative image , some city promoters seek to link their municipality with the most recognizable names the city has to offer . 
CONSUMER advocates have long claimed that car rental companies charge too much for car rental insurance . 
Given their own penchant for book writing , it is surprising that none of the masters of scandal survival have yet published a guide to the art . 
Mr. Horton oversaw Gulf Power 's governmental-affairs efforts . 
For journalists , however , who write what they fondly view as history 's first draft , this has also been a week to give a lot of space and time to Ron and Nancy 's sales appearance in Japan on behalf of a communications giant and its controversial founder . 
Democrats are holding up a vote on the amendment by threatening a filibuster , or extended debate . 
Even the president 's doctor , Burton Lee , has said on the record that he 'd love to be surgeon general but could n't pass the pro-life test . 
Soon she was running the office . 
That debt is part of the $ 2.1 billion of Holiday debt that Bass PLC of Britain said it would retire or assume when it agreed to buy the Holiday Inn business in August . 
She spent a month at an Aetna school in Gettysburg , Pa. , learning all about the construction trade , including masonry , plumbing and electrical wiring . 
Now , though , enormous costs for earthquake relief will pile on top of outstanding costs for hurricane relief . 
Tandy had 86.3 million shares outstanding at Sept. 30 , down from 90 million a year earlier . 
In Warsaw , Shevardnadze held his first talks with the Solidarity-led government and vowed to maintain fuel supplies . 
`` In the past , people who had to run for office had to moderate their views because they could n't afford to offend blacks or whites , '' he said . 
Ammonium perchlorate is an oxidizer that is mixed with a propellant to make rocket fuel used in the space shuttle and military rockets . 
SCI TV , which expects to release a plan to restructure $ 1.3 billion of debt in the next day or so , is n't just another LBO that went bad after piling on debt -- though it did do that . 
They had fun moving the carriers around , but it turned out that they had forgotten all about mine sweepers . 
Treasury-bond prices immediately rallied , setting the stock market rolling from the opening bell . 
It suddenly dawns on Mr. Hammack that rebuilding the house in Los Gatos , an affluent community in Santa Clara County , may cost more than Aetna 's policy will pay . 
Since the government has a dismal record of collecting bad debts , the costs to the borrower of defaulting are usually low . 
The results met estimates of analysts , who had already slashed their projections after the company said in late August that its 1989 earnings could tumble as much as 37 % . 
AEG is 80 % owned by Daimler-Benz AG , the country 's biggest industrial concern . 
The suspension of foreign loans has weakened the buying power of China 's national trading companies , which are among the country 's biggest importers . 
While not officially an executive at Continental during Mr. Corr 's tenure , Mr. Lorenzo is known for keeping close tabs on Texas Air 's operating units . 
That largely reflects the heavy stockholdings . 
It was down more than 40 points a half-hour before the close , marking a 61.5-point turnaround from its high , reached in the first 15 minutes of trading . 
Although the Treasury is expected to announce details of its November quarterly refunding operation today , the Nov. 79 schedule could be delayed unless Congress and the president act soon to lift the nation 's debt ceiling . 
The trust , created as part of Manville 's bankruptcy-law reorganization to compensate victims of asbestos-related diseases , owns 7.2 million of the Series A convertible preferred shares , which are each convertible into 10 Manville common shares . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
Several analysts and brokers said the petroleum market was ready to rally after two days of price declines from profit-taking . 
The Mirage will cost at least $ 1 million a day to operate . 
His base in South Jersey and on the House Energy and Commerce Committee helped him sustain a network of political-action committees to preserve his edge . 
Mr. LaBonte 's departure follows by two months the resignation of Mark Goldston as senior vice president and chief marketing officer after only 11 months at Reebok . 
He noted that currently the ratio of available copper to consumption is about 3.5 weeks . 
There were two general reasons for the mistaken monetary policy of the past 30 years : 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
The Series 1989 B bonds are uninsured and rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
THE FEDERAL COURT of appeals in Manhattan ruled that the dismissal of a 1980 indictment against former Bank of Crete owner George Koskotas should be reconsidered . 
`` When the market is low , you are buying more shares , and when it 's high , you 're buying fewer shares , '' he says . 
The longstanding position of the Recording Industry Association of America , a trade group based in Washington , D.C. , is that record companies , performers , songwriters and music publishers need to be remunerated by government-imposed fees on the sale of blank tapes and recording equipment to make up for royalties lost to home taping . 
A 20 % stake would allow Honeywell to include Yamatake earnings in its results . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The $ 14 billion level in June marked a drop from $ 19 billion at the end of April . 
That started the still-raging bidding wars . 
The company also faces delisting by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
Noting that other defense contractors are complaining of losses on such contracts , analysts say taxpayers have been getting illusionary bargains on weapons systems in recent years . 
Now Mr. Phillips says he hopes to have the new system in place for several clients -- including American Express , American Telephone & Telegraph and Ryder -- by year 's end . 
Yaohan Departmentstore Co. of Japan is moving its international-operations headquarters and holding company to Hong Kong to gain from the British colony 's economic advantages and tax structure . 
Officers of the company , a health-care concern , `` were very discouraged on Friday and felt they should n't go public ; we felt they should , '' says Sanford Robertson , partner in the banking concern . 
Mips Computer Systems Inc. today will unveil a new general-purpose computer that will compete with more expensive machines from companies such as Sun Microsystems Inc. and Digital Equipment Corp . 
I am not sure that judges , many of whom I like very much , are proper repositories for making distinctions about pop singers , '' said Richard Kurnit , a New York advertising lawyer . 
Rather than gathering momentum , the program is in danger of slowing even more as the government tackles several big assets . 
But is he so clever that he has achieved the political equivalent of making water run uphill ? 
`` The other half , we may have before long . '' 
The gross national product report , due to be released before today 's opening , is expected to show that the economy continued to expand in the third quarter at a moderate pace . 
The proposed legislation has a laudable goal : to assure the integrity of the U.S. futures markets . 
Or open up an electronics magazine and peruse the ads for sneaky tape recorders and other snooping gadgets . 
Few small neighborhood businesses , however , can afford such protection , even in collaboration with other local merchants . 
But TCI President John Malone has long been concerned about HBO 's dominance of the pay TV business , and has been eager to keep Showtime as a healthy competitor . 
Ms. McGlade of PaineWebber raised a more fundamental question about the deal . 
The interview did not touch on Singapore 's domestic affairs . 
Largely to meet tougher new capital requirements , thrifts reduced their assets $ 13.4 billion in August , by selling such assets as mortgage-backed securities and loans . 
He said investors were picking individual stocks based on specific incentives and the likelihood of a wider price increase over the short term . 
Eagle Pencil of Shelbyville , Tenn. , `` Pencil City U.S.A. , '' had made its earliest pilot plastic pencils in 1971 . 
Such moves would greatly reduce the power of government ministries , who now jealously guard their turf and are seen as one of the major obstacles blocking economic reform . 
It 's a process that never really ends . '' 
In Tokyo Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.70 yen , down from Friday 's Tokyo close of 142.75 yen . 
While U.S. makers of vodka , rum and other spirits compete against powerhouses abroad , trade agreements prohibit any other country from making bourbon . 
Many Japanese think it only natural that the organizations or their members would donate to politicians , the way many Japanese do , to win favor or support . 
During the third quarter , Compaq purchased a former Wang Laboratories manufacturing facility in Stirling , Scotland , which will be used for international service and repair operations . 
The Ministry of International Trade and Industry is so concerned that it recently took the unusual step of urging Japanese auto companies to exercise caution in capital spending . 
The issue 's smooth absorption eased fears that supply would overwhelm demand in coming sessions , traders said . 
Orders from Campeau retailers used to be cause for celebration . 
Describing itself as `` asset rich , '' Sea Containers said it will move immediately to sell two ports , various ferries , ferry services , containers , and other investments . 
( The companion tax-exempt funds add $ 71 billion . ) 
By comparison , the Dow Jones Industrials and the New York Stock Exchange Composite each rose 1.5 % . 
Lufthansa AG said passenger volume climbed 5.2 % for the first nine months of 1989 to 15.3 million passengers from 14.5 million passengers in the year-earlier period . 
From the Mexicans ' viewpoint , vaunted tactics of methodical Japanese managers do n't count for much in a land where a saying says `` there are no fixed rules . '' 
2 . Provide better incentives . 
`` There will be a continuation and possibly greater focus on conservative equity funds , at the expense of growth and aggressive growth funds , '' says Avi Nachmany , an analyst at Strategic Insight , a New York fund-research concern . 
We now need support from the Democrats on the Rules Committee in order to include earnings-limit reform in the Reconciliation Bill . 
`` The proper climatic conditions do n't exist in many places in the world . '' 
Terms include a royalty arrangement , but details were n't disclosed . 
Manville and a spokeswoman for the trust said that the two are discussing the proposal but a decision has n't been made . 
But small-business lobbyists say they support the idea , included in the Kennedy-Waxman bill , of new laws or regulations requiring greater use of community rating , which pegs rates to the use of health care by a community or other large group , and is designed to prevent insurance companies from taking only low-risk small companies as clients . 
After prodding from Mr. Sanford , U.S. Attorney Jack Eskenazi pleaded with Justice Department officials in Washington to let the indictment proceed . 
The New York Stock Exchange Composite was 0.4 % lower for the day . 
For a brief time , the buy-out effort seemed to solve his problems with United 's pilot union . 
Both figures were record highs . 
Security costs are also quite high . 
Crossland said it retained three investment bankers to assist it in developing and implementing a financial restructuring plan . 
Sales rose 2 % to $ 437.5 million from $ 430.3 million . 
Not everybody agrees that it 's time to trim . 
As of Sept. 30 , the bank had assets of $ 511 million and deposits of $ 469 million , Security Pacific said . 
Everyone was extremely long on sterling , '' Mr. Beale said . 
They conceded that the odds favored Mr. Kasparov , but they put their hope in D.T. 's recently enhanced capacity for examining positions -- up to a million per second , from 720,000 . 
The bureau 's report also showed that while some measures of the nation 's economic well-being improved modestly in 1988 , the fruits of prosperity were shared less equitably than the year before . 
How would I file ? 
But Secretary Skinner said he would urge Bush to veto the bill . 
Michael Foods has attracted a good many short-sellers , the people who sell borrowed shares in a bet that a stock price will drop and allow the return of cheaper shares to the lender . 
Among the souped-up indexing strategies : Indexed portfolios can be built around thousands of stocks , or just a few dozen , rather than being restricted to the S&P 500 companies . 
The two big banks were instrumental in designing the new contract . 
International Business Machines Corp. unveiled a broad strategy to tackle the biggest problem that manufacturers face when computerizing their operations : Most machines ca n't talk to each other . 
The updated forecast , published Aug. 25 , compares with an earlier forecast of 6 % published March 1 and a 7.4 % rate achieved in 
Thrift officials said the $ 300 million reserve will be adjusted quarterly and will reflect the rate of dispositions and market conditions . 
A face-to-face meeting with Mr. Gorbachev should damp such criticism , though it will hardly eliminate it . 
It finished at 467.22 , down 3.45 . 
CORPORATE security directors increasingly worry that merger mania spawns a rise in employee dishonesty . 
But the promise of at least $ 15 million in new savings helped to forge a partnership between HUD Secretary Jack Kemp and lawmakers wanting to protect their projects elsewhere . 
That allowed him to get stronger and stronger , '' he says . 
But British Airways withdrew from the UAL labor-management buy-out plan last Friday , after the group failed to get bank financing for its $ 6.79 billion buy-out . 
`` But the last thing you want to do is manipulate the subconscious to make them think better . 
Next 's computer also needs more software applications , but Mr. Jobs said he expects more soon . 
Shares of Varian , which last month warned there would be a fourth-quarter plunge , closed at $ 22.75 , down 62.5 cents in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
Inflation is expected to be highest in Greece , where it is projected at 14.25 % , and Portugal , at 13 % . 
Investors , who took profits Friday , mostly took a wait-and-see attitude Monday amid uncertainty in the foreign-currency market and New York stocks , traders said . 
John Fitzsimmons , chief executive officer of Data Systems , said the company was profitable and expected sales of nearly $ 100 million this year . 
The Ku Klux Klan was revived in the 1920s as a national organization aimed at Catholics and Jews as well as blacks . 
Well , when Congress in its recent S&L bailout mandated that the thrifts sell off all their junk-bond holdings by 1994 , it not only artificially increased the supply of these bonds in the market but also eliminated one of the few profitable investments thrifts have made . 
A 190-point plunge in U.S. stock shares compounded the view , they say . 
As interest rates paid depositors were lowered , thrift withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 5.1 billion , not including interest credited to accounts . 
MGM Grand Inc. has agreed to pay $ 93 million and nearly 1.8 million common shares to buy 117 acres of land along the Las Vegas , Nev. , Strip as a site for its planned movie-studio and theme-park resort . 
Arkla Exploration owns sizable gas and crude-oil reserves in the South and Southwest . 
Shares closed lower in other major Asian and Pacific markets , including Sydney , Hong Kong , Singapore , Taipei , Wellington , Seoul and Manila . 
He declined to name the shareholder , the plaintiff 's lawyer or the court where the lawsuit was filed . 
Third , the IMF would like to meet Japan 's request for increased ownership ( currently 4.5 % ) . 
`` I always knew that the ` Big One ' was coming , but not during my lifetime , '' she says . 
And National Advanced Systems , a joint venture of Japan 's Hitachi Ltd. and General Motors Corp. 's Electronic Data Systems , is expected to unveil a line of powerful IBM-compatible mainframes later this year . 
Even if the press is ready to seize and misinterpret , these are not very complicated thoughts . 
Security is 60 % to 70 % of the common area charges of these centers , vs. an industry average of about 15 % . 
Experiments showed that the new , non-virulent toxin is capable of inducing immunity , according to the researchers from the Selavo Research Center in Siena , Italy , the Medical College of Wisconsin in Milwaukee and the Japanese National Institutes of Health . 
What scientists have known since the late 1970s is that there is a hole in the layer over Antarctica that expands or contracts from year to year . 
Most important , hospital admission rates are stabilizing after several years of decline . 
Index arbitrage -- the rapid-fire buying and selling of stocks offset with opposite trades in futures -- is frequently blamed for adding to stock market volatility . 
Adolph Coors Co. said William K. Coors , chairman , assumed the additional responsibilities of president , succeeding Jeffrey H. Coors . 
`` Graham Phillips has been there a long time , knows the culture well , is aggressive , and apparently gets along well with '' Mr. Sorrell , said Andrew Wallach , an analyst with Drexel Burnham Lambert . 
And $ 70.2 million would go to projects in Tennessee represented by his Senate counterpart and fellow Democrat , Sen. James Sasser . 
Try as they might , they just ca n't conceive of life without black workers . 
Traders are likely to oppose such restrictions because dual trading provides a way to make money in slower markets where there is a shortage of customer orders . 
But the officials insist that such a deal on a future vote would have to apply to both the House and the Senate . 
`` It means we 're eating into the bread that keeps us going . 
The inflation adjustment also means that the maximum annual level of earnings subject to the wage tax that generates revenue for the Social Security trust fund will rise to $ 50,400 in 1990 from $ 48,000 this year . 
This mostly happens because we go from football in the fall to lifting in the winter to football again in the spring '' . 
Mr. Agnos declined the invitations , the White House said . 
Spaced Out 
At Yale , he designed one of the first solarheated houses to be built in Ireland . 
They make the argument in letters to the agency about rule changes proposed this past summer that , among other things , would exempt many middle-management executives from reporting trades in their own companies ' shares . 
Robert Stovall , a veteran New York money manager and president of Stovall\/Twenty-First Securities , has money in both gold and utility issues . 
Mayhap this metaphorical connection made the BPC Fine Arts Committee think she had a literal green thumb . 
Prosecutors in Southern Florida indicted five Panamanians on charges of illegally running arms to Sandinista rebels trying to overthrow the Nicaraguan government of Mr. Somoza . 
The $ 2.85 billion measure comes on top of $ 1.1 billion appropriated after Hugo struck the Carolinas and Caribbean last month , and these totals do n't reflect the additional benefit of low-interest disaster loans . 
Sometimes at a reception or cocktail party I advance these views and people head for somebody else . 
Salomon , moreover , gets its data on art appreciation from Sotheby 's , whose prices go up with clients like Mr. Paul in its thrall . 
Former Democratic fund-raiser Thomas M. Gaubert , whose savings and loan was wrested from his control by federal thrift regulators , has been granted court permission to sue the regulators . 
Unlikely as it may seem , tiny , politically neutral Ireland has penetrated the mighty Soviet airline bureaucracy . 
However , he recently told the Senate Banking Committee that he believes the agency should have explicit authority to monitor debt levels at holding companies and affiliates of broker-dealers , which are frequently used to issue bridge loans . 
Perhaps most dramatic was the performance of the metropolitan New York real-estate market , which was booming until I entered it in late 1988 , at which time it posted the first negative compound annual growth rate in years . 
`` They wo n't fight the listed companies . 
The reality is that Bank finances are rock solid . 
Instead , an appropriate institution should be charged with the job of preventing chaos in the market : the Federal Reserve . 
The average yield on six-month broker-sold CDs rose to 8.29 % from 8.05 % and on one-year CDs the average yield rose to 8.30 % from 8.09 % . 
The peninsula comes off the vast southeastern alluvial plain with fields of rice and cotton and sorghum as far as the eye can see . 
Rate settlements in Minnesota and Colorado depressed U S West 's third-quarter profit . 
September , and the change from August , are : from 1.11 in the previous month . 
Sales increased 5.5 % to $ 9.81 billion from $ 9.3 billion . 
In May , a federal appeals court in New York agreed that the agency acted unlawfully . 
It warns that the AIDS epidemic `` may reduce the rate of growth of the work force , curb productivity gains and slow economic growth . '' 
Cathay is taking several steps to bolster business . 
Officials said South Korean exports to Europe dropped 5.3 % to $ 3.02 billion while imports from there went up 17 % to $ 2.61 billion . 
Georgia-Pacific closed down $ 2.50 , at $ 50.875 in Big Board trading . 
The older generation has been torn between a fear of tampering with the status quo and a fear of what might happen if they did n't . 
For the nine months , Textron reported net of $ 182.1 million , or $ 2.06 a share , on revenue of $ 5.41 billion . 
Factory payrolls and production fell in September , and the auto industry and housing are in a severe crunch . 
Norman Young , a `` mud-logger '' at the Sniper well , has worked all but about nine days of this year . 
In the decade since the communist nation emerged from isolation , its burgeoning trade with the West has lifted Hong Kong 's status as a regional business center . 
The Beebes have not yet decided whether to appeal . 
A company official said the explosions began when a seal blew out . 
`` We agree with world opinion that the status quo in South Africa is morally wrong , '' says Pieter Bruwer , the Orange Workers ' chief scribe and pamphleteer . 
Jimmy Carter went further in a 1976 campaign promise : `` If I become president , I 'll make every piece of information this country has about UFO sightings available to the public , and the scientists . 
Although air-traffic delays in San Francisco were significant yesterday , they did n't appear to spread to other airports . 
But it wo n't be a boom again . 
Futures prices rose slightly in a market filled with rumors that a new international coffee agreement might still be achieved . 
As evidence , he cites yesterday 's arrangement for the final financing of a $ 3 billion bid for American Medical International Inc. in which Chemical served as both the lead bank and an equity investor . 
Canadian Pacific , which has interests in transportation , telecommunications , forest products , energy and real estate , finally took its majority block off the market this spring . 
Certainly life for her has changed considerably since the days in Kiev , when she lived with her parents , her husband and her two sons in a 2 1\/2-room apartment in what she calls `` silent internal immigration , '' dreaming of escape . 
Excluding the volatile categories of energy and food -- leaving what some economists call the core inflation rate -- consumer prices still rose only 0.2 % in September . 
`` We are crossing the river and we need a little more help to get to the other side , '' said Rodrigo Sotela , an economic affairs specialist at the Costa Rican Embassy in Washington . 
The unit makes intravenous pumps used by hospitals and had more than $ 110 million in sales last year , according to Advanced Medical . 
The company , which currently has 13.5 million common shares outstanding , said it has no specific plans for the shares . 
The laws of heredity dictate that half of the plants springing from these greenhouse-produced seeds will be male sterile and herbicide resistant and half will be male fertile and herbicide susceptible . 
Now , as election day nears , even some supporters wonder what he will do if he wins the mayoralty on Nov. 7 . 
The Clean Air bill ( quack ) . 
CAPITAL TRAVELS to Europe as 1992 unification nears . 
He is sitting in his living room , beneath a huge portrait of his late father , Hendrik F. Verwoerd , apartheid 's architect and South African prime minister from 1958 to 1966 . 
Reports of an economy near recession come as officials prepare a major Communist Party plenum for sometime in the next few weeks . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average rallied on the news , closing 39.55 points higher at 2683.20 . 
The U.S. Coast Guard closed six miles of the Houston Ship Channel , where about 150 companies have operations , because the thick , black smoke obscured the area . 
He plugged the contest on Larry King 's radio show , on Pat Sajak 's television show and on the C-SPAN cable television network . 
Tell that to Atlanta , which Pittsburgh replaced as the most-livable city in 1985 . 
Brand loyalty was stronger among older consumers in the Journal survey . 
If the figures show a hefty rise in inflation , they could militate against easing by the Fed . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.60 % one month ; 8.60 % three months ; 8.45 % six months . 
These are the raw materials used in making plastics . 
He said Drexel -- the leading underwriter of high-risk junk bonds -- could no longer afford to sell any junk offerings if they might later become troubled because Drexel risked losing its highly lucrative junk franchise . 
Carrying the new message on the road , Mr. Straszheim meets confrontation that often occurs in inverse proportion to the size of the client . 
According to its latest annual report , about a quarter of the company 's holdings are in Massachusetts , in the midst of a real-estate slump . 
Showtime has also accused HBO of locking up the lion 's share of Hollywood 's movies by signing exclusive contracts with all the major studios . 
But gripes run the gamut . 
Occasionally , gross chromosome damage was visible . 
East Germany 's leadership vowed swift action to ease travel to the West . 
For travelers , though , the industry 's problems have had some positive effects . 
Johnstown attorney Richard J. Green Jr. shelled out $ 500 in loans to the judge over five years , he said in testimony to the grand jury . 
And the in-and-outer might miss the sudden spurts that account for much of the stock market 's gains over time . 
Payment will begin `` as soon as Oct. 25 , '' the company said . 
Plant operators are heartened by Mr. Ruffo 's pledge to cut corruption associated with the ruling party officials . 
The playoff series had riveted the 12-year-old Giants fan . 
UAL stock plummeted a further $ 24.875 to $ 198 on volume of more than 2.8 million shares in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
And Friday the 13th notwithstanding , stocks have been this year 's hot investment . 
Ford , which has long boasted of its ability to weather a downturn , saw earnings take a beating . 
In pursuit of this mystery , Keynesian adepts and twin-deficit mavens need not apply . 
Racial gerrymandering -- creating separate black and white districts -- says that we have discarded that belief in our ability to live together and govern ourselves as one people . 
USX , he noted , was formed 88 years ago , `` by in effect buying out a bunch of other companies ... . 
Mr. Baker seems especially sensitive to the Washington ailment known as Beltway-itis . 
`` For women , dressing for success in a real structured way is over . '' 
It said sales of such properties were slower than anticipated in the third quarter , but it expects sales to pick up in the rest of the year . 
Currently in the middle of a four-week , 20-city tour as a solo pianist , Mr. Glass has left behind his synthesizers , equipment and collaborators in favor of going it alone . 
Today 's presses are large and costly machines , and a few orders can produce a high total for one month that does n't necessarily indicate a trend . 
The experts said they expected Eastern would have to issue new debt to cover its costs , and that it would generate far less cash than anticipated . 
`` Producers at the moment regard that area a good one in which to sell gold . '' 
Foreclosures and other signs of financial distress , most often associated with the real estate market in the Southwest , are surfacing in the suburban office market of the once thriving Northeast . 
Part of the bridge collapsed in the quake , which registered 6.9 on the Richter scale . 
The firm is getting about 50 calls a day , and the average call lasts about 15 minutes . 
He credits imports . 
As part of the transaction , J.C. Penney will sell a portion of its credit-card receivables to its JCP Receivables Inc. unit , which will then transfer them to a master trust . 
Texas simply pumped harder . 
Nothing bravura , no arpeggios , no ticklish fingering problems challenge the performer . 
Mr. Kimmel was a director of the company and a predecessor firm since 1980 . 
Analysts said the company 's effort will be helped by its decision last year to put point-of-sale scanners in 200 stores , allowing National Convenience to quickly track items that are selling and those that are n't . 
C. Hyde Tucker will become president and chief executive officer of Bell Atlantic International Inc. , a unit of this telecommunications concern , effective Jan. 1 . 
KAISER ALUMINUM & CHEMICAL , Oakland , metal and chemical maker , annual sales of $ 2.22 billion , had slight structural damage to its 28-story headquarters building and employees stayed home yesterday to allow crews to clean up . 
`` There 's no shortage of major things to do , '' he said . 
But the report says : `` The only safe sex is sex between uninfected partners , '' and testing is the only way to learn of infection . 
Analysts said the move could presage even harsher action by the banks . 
The company , which has interests in television , trucking services , and glass-making and food-processing equipment , said it plans to make other acquisitions in the telephone industry . 
General Dynamics was sued by the families of five Navy divers who were killed in 1982 after they re-entered a submarine through a diving chamber . 
`` What happened with United was a gracious way for him to bow out . '' 
In the U.S. , PCs commonly perform many tasks and plug into a broad network . 
But by all accounts foreign companies have bought only a relative handful of Japanese companies this year , while Japanese companies have acquired hundreds of foreign companies . 
`` Oh no . 
More stable industries were to build an economically viable infrastructure for the Moon movement in North America , as they had in Japan and South Korea . 
Galveston-Houston makes and markets products for the construction , mining and energy industries . 
Contel is a $ 6 billion telephone and electronics company . 
Mr. O'Kicki said he will respond to Mr. Green 's allegation at his trial . 
`` September was one of the biggest order months in our history , '' says James R. Roberts , vice president , world-wide sales and marketing , for Giddings & Lewis Inc. , Fond du Lac , Wis . 
Although the Dallas-based computer giant introduced the first portable data terminal in 1971 -- a 38-pound monster -- and the world 's first microprocessor-based portable in 1976 , the only portable machines it has introduced since the first part of the decade have been `` dumb '' terminals with limited on-board processing ability . 
Investors have been speculating for weeks about the market 's ability to place the $ 7 billion to $ 10 billion of new junk bonds scheduled to be sold by year end . 
But a Ford spokeswoman in Dearborn said Friday the company has n't requested such a meeting yet . 
Valley National , for example , had $ 470 million in problem assets as of June . 
Election analysts acknowledge that a `` Red-Green '' coalition of Social Democrats and Greens could edge out Chancellor Kohl 's coalition in the December 1990 national election if support for the Republicans continues to spread . 
( Prior to acquiring the housewares business , the company was known as Centronics Corp. ; Centronics had been a maker of computer printers , but Mr. Stein and other officers decided to sell that business after Japanese competitors grabbed a dominant share of the market . ) 
If this were 1949 , Mr. Boren might even succeed . 
Mr. Dave , its head , acts cheery and patient , but he makes no bones about the need to get to work . 
Michael Gifford , Rank 's chief executive , said the British theater chain 's total involvement `` would n't exceed $ 100 million '' but declined to give a breakdown between the loan financing and the proposed Film House purchase . 
Though it is still doing stock-index arbitrage trades for customers , Morgan Stanley 's trading halt for its own account is likely to shake up firms such as Kidder , Peabody & Co. that still do such trades for their own account . 
In an internal memo , Alex Kroll , the agency 's chairman , said Mr. Klein decided to remove himself to minimize `` negative reaction '' from prospective clients and others and to prepare for his defense . 
A third-quarter charge of $ 3.5 million related to planned restaurant closings resulted in a net loss for the quarter . 
Otherwise , actual profit is compared with the 300-day estimate . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
`` After a while , someone has to go over the side . '' 
Furthermore , it is also likely to encourage those on Capitol Hill asking for cuts in the assistance to El Salvador if President Cristiani does not bend to demands of the Marxist guerrillas . 
Spokesmen for the television networks of CBS Inc. and Capital Cities\/ABC Inc. , say there are no plans to alter the children 's line-up on Saturday mornings . 
Sales jumped 12.2 % to 232.12 billion yen from 206.87 billion yen . 
The company reiterated that it expects another loss in the second quarter and for the full year , although it expects a profitable fourth quarter . 
But President Bush is expected to veto the congressional legislation and that , along with the easy approval of the Pennsylvania measure , is likely to mute the abortion-rights activists ' claims of momentum and underline the challenges faced by this resurgent movement . 
To provide for the restructuring 's costs , Trinova said it took an after-tax charge of $ 38.5 million , or $ 1.13 a share , in the third quarter . 
`` It 's a bottom-line issue . '' 
Next he will be testing pictured embroidery ( called kalega ) made in the Far East . 
Mr. Engelken , says his wife , `` was overwhelmed by the whole thing . 
Control Data recently announced an agreement with MIPS Computer Systems Inc. to jointly develop machines with simplified operating software . 
At the moment , Nomura is the only Japanese institution authorized to act as a primary seller of Fannie Mae instruments . 
`` Then there 'll be fair competition . '' 
Companies and financial institutions familiar with Hong Kong remain wary of trading in its futures market . 
`` It puts this president in the legislative business , '' he declares . 
Mr. Rockefeller , buried beneath a 180-foot-tall granite obelisk , did n't seem right for an ad either . 
The company has 18,000 employees and more than 70 buildings in the Bay area . 
The December contract fell 3.85 cents a pound to $ 1.1960 . 
NEC Corp. said it plans to more than double its British subsidiary 's capacity for the production of semiconductor wafers . 
The deportation of more than 315,000 men , women and children by the Bulgarian regime adds up to one of the largest migrations seen in the postwar years . 
Mr. Stein said tighter operating controls have enabled Ekco to reduce inventory levels 25 % to 30 % ; improve on-time delivery of orders to about 95 % from around 70 % ; and to lower the number of labor hours required to produce a unit . 
Western analysts say that , given the meeting 's setting at sea , Gorbachev is unlikely to pass up the opportunity to press once again for negotiated cuts in the navies of both the North Atlantic Treaty Organization and the Warsaw Pact . 
The centers are complete with maps detailing utility lines beneath rides and `` safe havens '' where people can be assembled away from major structures . 
`` If there 's diamonds out there , we 'll get to them , '' says Les Johns , De Beers 's engineering manager . 
For instance , December contracts for WTI rose 17 cents to $ 20.42 . 
On the fourth `` run '' with the borrowed rod , the experiment began producing excess heat . 
First Wachovia Corp. said John F. McNair III will retire as president and chief executive officer of this regional banking company 's Wachovia Corp. and Wachovia Bank & Trust Co. subsidiaries on Dec. 31 . 
Billions of investors ' dollars are pouring out of the nation 's junk-bond mutual funds , undermining a pillar of support in the already reeling junk market . 
Norton and Texas Eastern had each held a 50 % stake in Eastman in a joint venture . 
A Dow Jones spokesman said there were no corporate developments that would account for the activity . 
And the fees investors pay for indexing run a few pennies for each $ 100 of assets -- a fraction of the cost of active managers . 
Under the statute , agencies are provided `` defenses that normally are n't available in the private sector , '' Mr. Ruvolo says . 
Be the Star 
The Bush administration ought to be setting aside some of its buckshot for the non-duck ducks . 
Ford is willing to bid for 100 % of Jaguar 's shares if both the government and Jaguar shareholders agree to relax the anti-takeover barrier prematurely . 
Seats currently are quoted at $ 353,500 bid , $ 405,000 asked . 
Ford Motor Co. and Saab-Scania AB of Sweden broke off talks about a possible alliance after Ford officials concluded that the cost to modernize Saab 's car operations would outweigh the likely return . 
Iverson Technology Corp. was one of the fastest-growing small companies in America -- until last year . 
`` Interest is a great deal higher than it was a year ago . '' 
`` It 's pretty safe to assume we can bring the cost down of these systems by 30 % to 40 % a year , '' said Edward McCracken , the company 's chief executive officer . 
Reluctant to advance further on their own , some stores have settled for tie-ups with famous specialty shops . 
But weak car sales raise questions about future demand from the auto sector . 
( He reports his business is up slightly from customers replacing old stock . ) 
The more we think about it , the more we suspect Mr. Brady does indeed have enough power where he already is . 
The August rate was 0.6 percentage point lower than in the like month a year earlier , reflecting the pickup of activity in the 15 countries . 
`` We used to show some hot-dog skier in his twenties or thirties going over the edge of a cliff , '' says Kathe Dillmann , a spokeswoman for the United Ski Industries Association , the trade group sponsoring the campaign . 
But the pullout is an embarrassment to New York City officials , coming at a time of high office building vacancy rates and departures by other major companies . 
Growth stocks will return to favor , some analysts and money managers think , because of the jitters caused by the market 's steep slide on Oct. 13 , and because of the current swell of disappointing earnings announcements . 
Sen. Packwood has offered his capital-gains-cut package as an amendment to a bill , now pending in the Senate , that would authorize aid to Poland and Hungary . 
But the utility may not continue next year . 
In addition to supporting the landmark Roe vs. Wade Supreme Court decision legalizing abortion , Mr. Bush said he opposed the constitutional ban on abortion that Mr. Reagan was promising to promote . 
The centerpiece of the promotion is its new ad campaign , into which the magazine will pour about $ 500,000 , mostly in the next few weeks . 
One of the more bizarre garden stories since Eden has been unfolding for four years now , in the private paper-and-crayon fantasies of artist Jennifer Bartlett . 
Ad Notes ... . 
The much-revised restructuring , which was first announced in October 1988 , must again be approved by shareholders and state casino regulators in Nevada and New Jersey . 
The financial-services firm , struggling since summer to avoid a bankruptcy-law filing after missing interest payments on about $ 1 billion of debt , will retain the right to regain the subsidiary . 
To be exotic was to be patronized as well as prized , but for the most part Paris was a friendly island in a racist world . 
The Bay Area Rapid Transit `` withstood the earthquake perfectly , '' said Mr. Engelken , adding that the rail system was running a full fleet of 45 trains during the day to provide an alternative for highway travelers . 
Members find it easy to doctor legislation by slipping in special provisions that could never survive in the cold light of day . 
Now , the White House has decided to accept the higher wage over only two years . 
In particular , a common law of white-collar crime has developed with surprising rapidity over the past decade . 
After the GASB was founded in 1984 , 11 years after the FASB , the government-owned entities were supposed to follow FASB rules unless the GASB superceded them . 
It 's hard not to feel that God 's in his heaven with this kind of bird's-eye view of the world , even if your pilote in silly plaid beret kept pointing out how `` belle '' it all was . 
`` At that point , { First Interstate } decided it was the better part of valor not to negotiate further , '' said one industry official close to the talks . 
For more than a decade , Mr. Etzioni , the sociologist , has been a leading critic of the masseurs . 
Since Mexican President Carlos Salinas de Gortari took office last December , special agents have arrested more than 6,000 federal employees on charges ranging from extortion to tax evasion . 
Also , investors quickly singled out stocks of companies expected to profit or suffer from the disaster . 
Staar Surgical Co. 's board said that it has removed Thomas R. Waggoner as president and chief executive officer and that John R. Wolf , formerly executive vice president , sales and marketing , has been named president and chief executive officer . 
After two mistrials , the stakes in the stock manipulation trial of GAF Corp. and its vice chairman , James T. Sherwin , have changed considerably . 
More than two-thirds of the systems shipped , meanwhile , were products introduced in April . 
Boise Cascade Corp. -- $ 150 million of 9.45 % debentures due 2009 , priced at 99.7 . 
Kinder-Care Inc. was dropped from the consumer services industry group of the Dow Jones Equity Market index because the company split itself in a restructuring . 
They also are concerned about the persistent strength of the dollar against the yen , as a weaker yen leads to higher import prices in Japan and adds to domestic inflationary pressures . 
Canada is the world 's largest producer of market pulp . 
But previous sales have often been sales of shares purchased through the exercise of stock options and sold six months later , as soon as allowed , said Robert Gabele , president of Invest\/Net . 
The decision , Webster vs. Reproductive Health Services , illustrates how Supreme Court rulings often have a ripple effect , spreading into areas of law and policy that were n't part of the actual cases decided and that never were contemplated by the justices . 
So do just about all the losses that could be attributed to the sheer incompetence of unqualified planners . 
`` For a woman whose period is late , using RU-486 means no waiting , no walking past picket lines at abortion clinics , and no feet up in stirrups for surgery , '' burbles health writer Laura Fraser . 
The federal deficit was $ 155.15 billion in 1988 and $ 149.69 billion in 1987 . 
Reducing those rates moderately ( say , to 75 % ) would still provide substantial assistance to borrowers . 
No amount of weasling could have saved this game for D.T . 
The hot-dipped galvanized segment is one of the fastest-growing and most profitable segments of the steel market , coveted by all major integrated steelmakers wanting to maintain an edge over smaller minimills and reconstructed mills -- those spun off to employees . 
`` It 's like getting a free toaster when you open an account , '' says Axe Core 's Mr. Lynn . 
The absence of Mr. Briggs underscored the possible inadequacy of the current NSC staff . 
That should help to inspire confidence , Mr. Gilmore says . 
It 's difficult to be that consistently wrong . '' 
The main factors for the September increase from the previous month were higher prices for services , food and housing . 
He says his son has n't paid for the shares . 
That 's the view of some analysts here who argue that Britain 's leading maker of luxury cars still may have two U.S. auto giants battling for it . 
And the new syndicated `` reality '' show `` Hard Copy '' records viewers ' opinions for possible airing on the next day 's show . 
MEA CULPA . 
Jim Beam print ads , however , strike different chords in different countries . 
Adding to Mr. Paul 's problems , dealers ( some with vested interests ) insist that he , relying rather too heavily on Sotheby 's advice , paid much too much for several pieces in the CenTrust collection . 
Three reasons were pinpointed : a preference for watching bowling and other sports on television rather than actually bowling , dowdy bowling centers , and dissatisfaction with bowling itself . 
But he and Dr. Yonehara said there were still several uncertainties , particularly regarding possible side effects . 
The money spent on scrubbers is diverted from planned research on new , cleaner technology . 
'' However , pressure on Kidder 's parent , GE , could change Kidder 's policy . 
The FTC 's request was `` not unusual '' and Emerson will make a `` full and prompt '' response , according to a spokesman . 
Mr. Eddington sees alliances with other carriers -- particularly Cathay 's recent link with AMR Corp. 's American Airlines -- as an important part of Cathay 's strategy . 
The tribe is one of the poorest in the Pacific Northwest . 
But it 's just as plausible to argue that if even David Boren can get mired in this sort of mess , the problem goes beyond legal interpretation . 
Ronald Sloan , executive vice president of Siebel Capital Management , likes Wellman Inc. , a company that recycles plastic into synthetic fibers for carpeting . 
Frederick B. Taylor , 48 , also was named a vice chairman and chief investment officer , a new post . 
Shortly after the UAL opening , program traders started selling stocks in the Major Market Index and S&P 500 index . 
Take Cleveland . 
December silver eased 2.7 cents an ounce to $ 5.133 . 
But analysts caution an expected fall in metal prices next year could slow profit growth . 
`` We were unprepared for the deterioration in net exports , '' said Daniel Van Dyke , vice president of U.S. forecasting at Bank of America in San Francisco . 
Mr. Bauman received an encouraging letter from the recognized master of scandal survival , Richard Nixon . 
Here 's a firsthand look at what the Japanese hosts sported , and what the foreign visitors saw . 
Their ridicule of him is no substitute for argument . 
`` It was certainly good to have him handy , '' Mrs. Bobar says . 
Philips Industries tumbled 3\/8 to 22 7\/8 ; Hilton Hotels fell 2 1\/2 to 92 and Holiday Corp. fell 2 1\/8 to 69 7\/8 . 
Last year , only 8 % were expecting a recession . 
Big chunks of the government budget , like the entitlement programs of Social Security and Medicare , would n't be affected . 
Then , when the currency falls , interest rates are raised to attract financial flows in order to stabilize the exchange rate . 
The historical profession will survive these decisions . 
Revenue : $ 3.14 billion 
Axa would also maintain Farmers ' relationships with the insurance exchanges that it manages . 
But the bikes ' burgeoning numbers , safety concerns and fear that they damage fragile landscapes have prompted pleas , from the Sierras to the Eastern Seaboard , to ban them from the back country . 
Mr. Renzas , among others , said the quake will prod companies in certain industries , like semiconductors , computers and aerospace , to consider moving operations that involve particularly sensitive machinery to locations outside California . 
Salomon Brothers Inc. was the top program trader in September , but most of the firm 's activity involved portfolio trading strategies other than stock-index arbitrage . 
`` The winners , '' he predicts , `` will be brands from car makers that have traditionally been associated with quality and value . '' 
At least , according to my calculations . 
But since June , foreign bankers led by international financial institutions have virtually suspended their new loans to China . 
After thoroughly digesting reams of information , he often concludes that more data are needed , and when he finally decides to act , his movements sometimes seem excrutiatingly small . 
In the Lilly case , the appeals court broadly construed a federal statute to grant Medtronic , a medical device manufacturer , an exemption to infringe a patent under certain circumstances . 
They believe microeconomics , which addresses the problems of markets , investment climate and management practices , is the key to developing-country growth , not the IMF 's Keynesian focus on trade deficits , quarterly targets and government debt . 
The nine-month results included a $ 9.5 million special charge in 1989 for an arbitration settlement related to past export sales , and $ 29.7 million in extraordinary charges in 1988 related to a former line of business and early redemption of debt . 
The Allianz statement led to speculation that Allianz eventually could sell to Paribas . 
But at least one chief executive said he called Mr. Welch to complain about Kidder 's aggressive use of program trading , and other market sources said they understood that Mr. Welch received many phone calls complaining about Kidder 's reliance on index arbitrage as a major business . 
Mr. LaMore , 63 , a 48-year veteran at Bearings , has been president since 1983 . 
Caltrans abandoned double-decking in the early 1970s , following the 1971 Sylmar earthquake that destroyed freeway sections just north of Los Angeles , Mr. O'Connell explained . 
The Portland , Ore. , thrift said the restructuring should help it meet new capital standards from the Financial Institution Reform , Recovery and Enforcement Act . 
After another session Mr. Phelan held yesterday with major brokerage firms such as Morgan Stanley & Co. , Goldman , Sachs & Co. , PaineWebber Group Inc. and First Boston -- all of which have engaged in program trading -- an executive of a top brokerage firm said , `` Clearly , the firms want the exchange to take leadership . '' 
12:48 a.m . 
The institute has governmental service contracts for the provision of direct patient services ; collects patient fees ; receives money through contributions from individuals , foundations and bequests . 
Several other Japanese companies and regional governments have sent aid to San Francisco . 
Systemwide sales , which include sales at franchisee as well as company-owned stores , totaled $ 4.59 billion compared with $ 4.2 billion . 
Fed officials appear reluctant to ease their credit grip any further because a bold move does n't appear necessary , several investment managers said . 
Because of an error by the National Association of Securities Dealers , the listing appeared incorrectly in the main table and several highlight tables in yesterday 's edition . 
The real tragedy , though , lies not in the family 's circumstances but in its concern for appearances . 
Some shows just do n't impress , he says , and this is one of them . 
Spurred by growth in world-wide sales of the company 's prescription drugs , Warner-Lambert said 1989 will be the best year in its history , with per-share earnings expected to increase more than 20 % to about $ 6.10 . 
He added the airline is n't committed to going forward with any new bid , and has n't participated in bankers ' efforts to revive the transaction that collapsed . 
Earlier this year , President Bush made a final `` take-it-or-leave it '' offer on the minimum wage : an increase to $ 4.25 an hour over three years , and only if accompanied by a lower wage for the first six months of a job . 
The Members know they 're doing wrong , but they need help to restrain their darker compulsions . 
An estimated $ 25.8 million is allocated to continue work in Oman . 
The Fairfield , N.J. , company , which is 92%-owned by Ogden Corp. , New York , had net of $ 1.1 million , or four cents a share , a year ago . 
Operating profit climbed 51 % , to 572 million francs from 378 million in the first half of 1988 . 
In those cases , the high court ruled that federal law gives prosecutors broad authority to seize assets of people accused of racketeering and drug-related crimes , including fees paid to lawyers before an indictment . 
Some plan to pursue foreign development ventures , mostly in Europe . 
A proviso to that promise is that a minimum of 35 states reach settlement agreements before next Tuesday . 
But the U.S. companies are redoubling their efforts . 
`` Shocked . '' 
Many fly-by-night charities ride the coattails of the biggest , best-known and most reputable ones by adopting names similar to theirs . 
Short interest increased 6 % in the Nasdaq over-the-counter market for the month ended Oct. 13 . 
As long as the rival Soviet-backed regime of Mengistu Haile Mariam held a total gridlock over neighboring Ethiopia , the U.S. was forced to accept that lonely Berbera runway as a distant No. 2 to the Soviets ' array of airfields next door . 
The size of the offering was increased from the originally planned $ 250 million ( redemption amount ) . 
Winnebago was hit especially hard in the latest downturn because unit sales in its bread-and-butter motor home business tumbled 25 % industrywide in August , and 10.4 % in the first eight months of the year . 
Last week , `` Murphy Brown '' was viewed by 14.1 % of the available television households , while the number dropped to 12.6 % for `` Teddy Z '' and rose to 14.2 % for `` Designing Women . '' 
Both the Peasants and Rural Solidarity are forming new political parties for farmers . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 3\/4 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
In April 1987 , evidence surfaced that commissions were paid . 
Mr. Clanahan says FEMA now possibly may have the heaviest caseload in its history . 
Maidenform generated such memorable campaigns as `` I dreamed I ... in my Maidenform bra , '' and `` The Maidenform woman . 
Michael Maynard offered the world a faster way to break eggs . 
And no one with a complaint about the judge would allow his name to be printed . 
Most of the department 's statements since the Northwest transaction indicated it planned to curtail foreign ownership stakes in U.S. carriers . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average climbed 41.60 to 2645.08 even though some late selling caused the market to retreat from session highs . 
Mr. Whitford drew on voluminous news media coverage of the SMU scandal , and on a university internal investigation . 
The company 's latest moves were disclosed after the Australian Stock Exchange suspended trading in shares of Qintex Australia and Qintex Ltd. because the companies had n't answered an exchange inquiry about the extent of their loans , investments and deposits at Qintex Entertainment . 
As investors speculated about the long - and short-term implications , shares of a number of companies that might either profit or face problems because of the disaster were actively traded . 
John Bonomo , a Nynex spokesman , says the telephone company needs to monitor operators to evaluate performance during the first six months on the job . 
Analysts also say it 's inevitable that Brazil will seek to renegotiate its $ 115 billion foreign debt , on which it suspended interest payments last month . 
FEDERAL JUDGE ALCEE HASTINGS of Florida , facing impeachment , received an unanticipated boost yesterday . 
We need them and I thank God for them . '' 
Lotus said net rose to $ 23 million , or 54 cents a share , on sales of $ 153.9 million . 
But the music has its charm , and Mr. Glass has constructed his solo program around a move from the simple to the relatively complex . 
The Fed has assumed a similar responsibility in the market for government securities . 
If you do n't , you ca n't do your job . '' 
But one recent day , they became much closer . 
Grace , a maker of specialty chemicals that already owned about 30 % of closely held Sierra , said it owns a 49 % stake in the new company . 
Nausea and vomiting are other common side effects . 
Both the Series 1989 A and Series 1989 B bonds were priced to yield from 6 % in 1991 to 7.15 % in 2008-2009 , according to a Merrill Lynch official . 
For a while , high-cost pornography lines and services that tempt children to dial ( and redial ) movie or music information earned the service a somewhat sleazy image , but new legal restrictions are aimed at trimming excesses . 
HomeFed said most of the troubled assets are apartment complexes , shopping malls and other commercial real estate . 
And the Japanese are likely to keep close on Conner 's heels . 
Isaac Hersly , 41 years old , was elected president and chief operating officer of this designer and marketer of graphics , video , cable and other television-related equipment . 
Stick some money in an interest-bearing account and watch it grow . 
Betty Lombardi is a mild-mannered homemaker and grandmother in rural Hunterdon County , N.J . 
A Ministry of International Trade and Industry official said that a study found that Japan 's annual economic growth rate would eventually be only 0.8 % if carbon-dioxide emissions remained at this year 's level of 300 million tons . 
They still buy apples mainly for big , red good looks -- that 's why so many taste like woodchucks ' punching bags . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei index fell 84.15 points to 35442.40 . 
Because brand loyalty is weak and most cosmetics purchases are unplanned , careful training of store sales staffs by cosmetics companies is important . 
`` Demand has caught up with the supply of certain types of freight transportation , and rates are starting to move up '' at a rate `` close to or slightly more than the inflation rate , '' said Clifford Sayre , director of logistics at Du Pont Co . 
The city 's Office of Promotion plans media events to welcome its successor . 
After 93 hours of deliberation , the jurors in the second trial said they were hopelessly deadlocked , and another mistrial was declared on March 22 . 
As for the merits , Judge Leval said that Mr. Miller had written `` a serious book of responsible historical criticism . '' 
That 's the path of reasoning leading to growth stocks . 
Japan may be a tough market for outsiders to penetrate , and the U.S. is hopelessly behind Japan in certain technologies . 
Blockbuster Entertainment Corp. -- $ 300 million ( redemption amount ) of zero-coupon convertible notes , also known as liquid yield option notes , due Nov. 1 , 2004 , priced at 308.32 to yield at maturity 8 % . 
Mr. Spinney is a permanent Pentagon official . 
The nervousness about the technology stock outlook also hurt the Dow Jones Industrial Average , which slipped about 1 % . 
The company paid five cents a share in April . 
BRIEFS : 
`` The fact of the matter is , I am a marketer . 
The state petroleum monopoly said sales in the period gained 15 % , and $ 262.4 million more than originally projected at an average of $ 10 a barrel on an export platform of 1,250,000 barrels a day . 
Sales declined slightly to $ 5.17 billion . 
Also , Teodulo Mabellini 's `` Lux aeterna '' was intriguingly scored and splendidly put across by Mr. Rilling . 
Mr. Kalmus said that by next July they would have accrued unpaid interest equal to $ 350 million . 
The cross-border loan portfolio reflected `` adjustment problems and episodic payment patterns , '' the bank said no interest payments from Argentina in the nine months and none from Brazil in the third quarter , while Venezuela brought itself `` substantially current . '' 
THE IRS DELAYS several deadlines for Hugo 's victims . 
Many aspects of the bill are salutary , providing appropriate public safeguards that can and should be instituted throughout the industry . 
But long-term Treasury bonds staged a modest rally , with prices on most issues rising about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Individual investors can still get better yields on money funds than on many other short-term instruments . 
The non-food operations accounted for about 27 % of Provigo 's 7.38 billion Canadian dollars ( US$ 6.3 billion ) in sales in the latest fiscal year . 
Ogilvy & Mather , whose declining profitability prompted its takeover by WPP Group earlier this year , will see its profit margins bounce back to the `` 11.5 % range '' in 1990 , said Graham Phillips , the agency 's new chairman-elect . 
`` I really do n't see the government doing something that Jaguar does n't want over the next 14 months , '' said Kenneth Warren , a Conservative member of Parliament and chairman of the Select Committee on Trade and Industry in Britain 's House of Commons . 
Merrill , in a statement by Chairman William A. Schreyer and President Daniel P. Tully , said index arbitrage `` has been clearly identified in the investing public 's mind as a contributing factor to excess market volatility , '' so Merrill wo n't execute such trades until `` effective controls '' are in place . 
Castle Harlan said that such financing is already being sought and that a formal proposal would be made to Sharon 's Chapter 11 trustee and other Sharon creditors over the next few days . 
Within a few minutes , the true extent of the catastrophe was becoming clear . 
Florida National , if acquired , would almost double First Union 's banking franchise in Florida to $ 17 billion in assets . 
`` I would like to have had them , '' he said . 
The market 's pessimism reflects the gloomy outlook in Detroit . 
Mr. Purnick and other old-line furriers call many of the the imports unstylish and poorly made . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
On the periphery , rescue workers seem , from the air , to move in slow motion . 
Whoever constitute the local Left Bank come out in force , dressed in black , along with a smattering of yuppies who want to be on the cutting edge . 
The $ 196.7 million provided for fiscal 1990 anticipates the purchase of a Lockheed P-3 surveillance aircraft and five Cessna Citation II jets . 
Not even all the brokerage firms see clear sailing ahead . 
Mr. Waggoner could n't be reached . 
Amdura Corp. said its bank group , led by Chicago-based Continental Bank , agreed to extend its $ 40 million bridge loan until March 31 , 1990 , and gave it a new $ 30 million credit line . 
BNL previously reported that its Georgia branch had taken on loan commitments topping $ 3 billion without the Rome-based management 's approval . 
The White House said he plans to hold a series of private White House meetings , mostly with Senate Democrats , to try to persuade lawmakers to fall in line behind the tax cut . 
In addition , Whitbread intends to focus on its newer hotel , liquor store and restaurant businesses in Europe and North America . 
Separately , Ford and Mazda Motor Corp. 's U.S. sales arm said they are recalling about 88,500 1988-model Mercury Tracers and 220,000 1986 , 1987 and 1988 model Mazda 323s equipped with 1.6-liter fuel-injected engines to replace the oil filler cap . 
While the composite index lost less than a third of its year-to-date gains in the market 's recent decline , the technology group 's gains were more than halved . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading Friday , Ferro closed at $ 25.25 , down 50 cents . 
In short : Rey found companies with weak earnings but rich assets . '' 
DALLAS AND HOUSTON law firms merge : Jackson & Walker , a 130-lawyer firm in Dallas and Datson & Scofield , a 70-lawyer firm in Houston said they have agreed in principle to merge . 
Dreyfus alone has seen its money market funds grow from $ 1 billion in 1975 to closes to $ 15 billion today . 
These claims would be repayable over a 10-year period . 
Up to now , that recipe has consisted of a dogged effort by former leader Walter Ulbricht to establish the country 's international legitimacy , followed by Mr. Honecker 's campaign to build the East bloc 's only successful Stalinist economy into a consumer paradise . 
And another thing -- real Texans drink Lipton iced tea . '' 
Meanwhile , House-Senate negotiators have tentatively agreed on a $ 3.18 billion anti-drug and anti-crime intitiative , cutting other federal spending 0.43 % to pay for it . 
By contrast , Value Line said Georgia-Pacific `` is in a comparatively good position to deal with weakening paper markets , '' because its production is concentrated not in the Northwest but in the South , where it should be able to avoid some of the cost pressures from rising wood-chip prices . 
P&G 's U.S. shipments were up just 1 % , partly because the company decided to shift more promotions and sales for health and beauty products to the fiscal second quarter . 
They add that it is n't costing KKR anything to give up equity because of its big up-front cash profit on the buy-out , which they think contributed to SCI TV 's current problems . 
Large , heterogeneous election districts would encourage good government , said Madison , because a representative would be compelled to serve the interests of all his constituents and be servile to none . 
( Taiwan already is a big importer of Fujis from other places , he adds . ) 
Mr. Kageyama suggests that Kotobuki Electronics Industries workers were having difficulty understanding their foreign bosses ' perspective . 
Mitsubishi Rayon , a leading advancer Wednesday , fell 44 to 861 as investors grabbed profits . 
Revenue advanced 26 % to $ 9.6 billion from $ 7.6 billion . 
Max Gitter , another GAF defense attorney , said yesterday , `` As we go in for the third time , Yogi Berra 's famous line is apt : ` It 's deja vu all over again . ' '' 
Revenue fell to $ 1.04 billion from $ 1.07 billion . 
On the other hand , Mr. Cheney retained all those new land forces . 
The consortium of scientists and companies was set up by Italy to help preserve the fabled city of canals . 
They have about seven candidates . 
Without this basic level of attention to reality , our policies on Cuba will continue to be as counterproductive as they have for 30 years . 
Says Mr. Daly , the venture capitalist : `` It does n't matter whether they call it guidelines or policy . 
Ronald B. Koenig , 55 years old , was named a senior managing director of the Gruntal & Co. brokerage subsidiary of this insurance and financial-services firm . 
The number of cattle moving onto feedlots in the recent quarter was also lower because fattening cattle is less profitable . 
The barometer of the biggest nonfinancial stocks settled at 448.49 , off 1.40 . 
Foreign Bonds 
Barbara Hackman Franklin , president of Franklin Associates , was elected a director of this building products maker . 
It `` may well be '' that theft of business data is `` as serious a strategic threat to national security '' as it is a threat to the survival of victimized U.S. firms , said Michelle Van Cleave , the White House 's assistant director for National Security Affairs . 
But before Athena was able to get an exclusive license to the technology , the Federal Register published most of the details , `` giving all of the company 's potential competitors a chance to exploit it , '' Mr. Bock says . 
Corporate Issues 
The ordinance , in Moon Township , prohibits locating a group home for the handicapped within a mile of another such facility . 
Algeria plans to increase natural-gas sales to Europe and the U.S. . 
Moreover , their balance sheets are rich with diversity , their old plants shuttered , and work forces lean . 
The ball he hit was n't a strike . 
But once the pound steadied with help from purchases by the Bank of England and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York , the dollar was dragged down , traders say , by the stock-market slump that left the Dow Jones Industrial Average with a loss of 17.01 points . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , the company closed yesterday at $ 57.125 a share , up $ 3.125 . 
Treasury bonds were 1\/8 to 1\/2 point higher yesterday in light trading . 
Some $ 380 million of the troubled assets is repossessed real estate , a 55.6 % surge from the $ 244.2 million of repossesed property HomeFed held a year ago . 
Enviropact said the proceeds will be used as working capital for expansion and to pay its existing tax liability of about $ 1.5 million that was due Sept. 15 . 
He sold quarter-inch fingerlings to stock other farmers ' ponds , and he bought back one-pound-or-so food-fish that he `` live-hauled '' to market along with his own whiskery crop . 
Wednesday , Mr. Belli 's staff was n't permitted into his office by city officials worried about their safety . 
Most of the higher costs were associated with acquisitions and growth in nonregulated business units , it added . 
Carlos A. Salvagni , vice president , pharmaceutical manufacturing , will assume responsibility for manufacturing in Kalamazoo , Mich. , effective Nov. 1 . 
Last week the stock hit an all-time high of 37 1\/4 before getting roughed up in the Friday-the-13th minicrash . 
It seems to me the BPCA plan has the potential of making South Gardens a horticultural jail for people and plants . '' 
They plan to expand the home site by buying five adjoining acres for $ 200,000 , borrowed against a first mortgage on the five acres and also collateralized by the 15 acres . 
Sumner M. Redstone , Viacom 's chairman , said Viacom `` emerged from our leveraged buy-out structure and gained substantial operating and financial flexibility through '' the bank pact . 
Sierra Tucson Cos. , Tucson , Ariz. , started trading under STSN . 
The expected Canadian move has been welcomed by the Bush administration even though Canada has opposed such U.S. actions as the trade embargo against Cuba , the invasion of Grenada and the military support for Nicaragua 's Contra guerrillas . 
Berthold is based in Wildbad , West Germany , and also has operations in Belgium . 
Today , so-called mountain bikes account for two-thirds of the $ 2 billion spent annually on all bicycles in the U.S. . 
Copyright 1989 by Reed Publishing USA . 
In Los Angeles , in our lean years , we gave parties . '' 
U.S. Trust , a 136-year-old institution that is one of the earliest high-net worth banks in the U.S. , has faced intensifying competition from other firms that have established , and heavily promoted , private-banking businesses of their own . 
Experience has shown that the most important element in predicting a housing-loan default is the down payment . 
In centering on the disruption of a few proud local customs such as the historic homes tour and the damage to the antiquities , your reporter served to only perpetuate an outdated and stereotypically provincial view of this otherwise thriving port city . 
The government is projecting a # 14 billion surplus for the fiscal year . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 300 million of Remic securities in 10 classes through Goldman Sachs . 
They point at the numerous developing-country governments that have inflated , taxed and regulated themselves into despair under successive IMF programs . 
Men would crawl in the sand looking for shiny stones . 
But Mr. Guber figured that Warner Communications Inc. chairman Steven Ross , would empathize and let the producers go , knowing the Sony offer was `` the culmination of a life 's work . '' 
Although a Finnish group has a minority interest in an already operating Moscow hotel , the Sheraton-Pan Am venture will be the first joint-venture hotels in the Soviet Union to have as much as 50 % foreign ownership . 
The company will modify one UH-60A Blackhawk transport helicopter to the prototype MH-60K configuration for use by military special forces . 
Usually , October `` is n't a very interesting month { for retail figures } because school clothes have been bought and people are waiting for December to buy Christmas presents , '' he said . 
A Kodak spokesman declined to disclose the potential value of the contract , which is still in negotiation . 
And instead of buying the UAL stake , the U.K. carrier will be able to reduce its high debt level and build an acquisition war chest . 
Even Lloyd 's specialty -- unusually risky ventures -- is being challenged . 
For owners who have followed the recommended oil maintenance schedule , Mazda will extend to five years or 60,000 miles the warranty term for engine damage due to abnormal engine oil deterioration . 
Unlike options on individual issues , index options are settled only in cash , and no stock is ever tendered . 
The Supreme Court let stand a New York ruling that all manufacturers of an anti-miscarriage drug are liable for injuries or deaths if the actual maker is n't known . 
Mr. Bakker said he was guilty of sin but not fraud . 
( Mr. Quennell has said he plans to go with the grid , regardless . ) 
That may soon change . 
The Treasury expressed pleasure , however , with the government of Taiwan , which was cited for exchange-rate manipulation in last year 's report . 
One person familiar with UAL said the unsettled labor situation and the uncertain world-wide financial markets contributed to the board 's decision to avoid `` rushing around selling the company at a bargain price , '' particularly since it accepted a $ 300-a-share offer just last month . 
The Greens from the First World wanted a morality play , not a negotiation . 
Money-fund assets have been rising at an average rate of $ 1.6 billion a week in recent months , Ms. Negus said , reflecting the relatively high yields . 
Now Pinkerton 's could become entangled in a protracted legal fracas with its former parent . 
`` We do n't need the shelter of tax-free bonds , '' said a spokeswoman at Chemical . 
Because Mr. Marcos died Sept. 28 , the privilege can no longer apply , the judge said . 
Officials for Sun Valley , Calif.-based Verit could n't be reached for comment . 
The leaders expressed support for trying to revive the bid following a briefing Wednesday by the union 's advisers , Lazard Freres & Co. and Paul , Weiss , Rifkind Wharton & Garrison . 
Apparently so . 
Banco Exterior was one of the last banks to create a brokerage house before the four Spanish stock exchanges underwent sweeping changes in July . 
ABC says it is aware of the producers ' action , but the mailing was sent without the network 's blessing . 
A spokesman for Democratic Sen. Pell of Rhode Island said , however , that the Immigration and Naturalization Service would review the stowaway 's request . 
And it 's going to be done more frequently as the result of having more access to it at different places . '' 
Shearson 's application is the first since the Taiwan Securities and Exchange Commission announced June 21 that it would allow foreign brokerage firms to do business in that country . 
The Bank of England indicated its desire to leave its monetary policy unchanged Friday by declining to raise the official 15 % discount-borrowing rate that it charges discount houses , analysts say . 
In their anxiety , however , parents and other student benefactors are flocking to new schemes . 
What am I doing in Jackson Hole ? 
Thirty-four thousand of its children live in foster homes , while 50,000 residents have no homes at all . 
Their legacy lives on . 
PRISON-SHOP BLUES : 
A federal appeals court struck down a natural-gas regulation that had prevented pipeline companies from passing to customers part of $ 1 billion in costs from controversial `` take-or-pay '' contracts . 
Earnings at the department-store division , which generates the bulk of profit , should remain at least stable , while income at the mail-order and tourism units is likely to fall slightly from 1988 , the company said . 
`` I transmitted my conversations to the White House , '' Prof. Lee says . 
First , it argues that its capital base must be increased in order to maintain its size relative to world financial markets , for which it feels some responsibility . 
S.A. Brewing Holdings Ltd. began laying the groundwork to launch a rival offer for Bond Corp . Holdings Ltd. 's Australian brewing operations . 
Or maybe a Surgeon General 's warning : Confiding in the United States may be fatal . 
For average East Germans , Mr. Krenz remains a puzzle . 
Mr. Kasparov was underwhelmed . 
Several longtime observers of the commodities industry think the fortunes of the Merc over the next decade will be determined to a large extent by how well its new natural gas futures contract does and how successful its new president is in raising the level of compliance by floor traders with exchange and Commodity Futures Trading Commission rules . 
`` I ate a bad tuna sandwich , got food poisoning and had to have a shot in my shoulder , '' he says , making it too painful to row . 
In most cases , the IRS says , these projects are local or regional , rather than national , and arise because auditors in an area detect some pattern of abuse among , say , factory workers claiming that having a multitude of dependents frees them from tax withholding or yacht owners deducting losses from sideline charter businesses . 
Yet , despite the judge 's imperial bearing , no one ever had reason to suspect possible wrongdoing , says John Bognato , president of Cambria County 's 150-member bar association . 
Regrettably , two administrations in a row have been unwilling and unable to develop any plan , military or economic , for supporting the Panamanian people in their attempts to restore democracy . 
`` We 're settling down to a less active period . '' 
Also , the analyst said , economic circumstances are such that both South Africa and the Soviet Union , the principal gold and platinum producers , are being forced to continue selling the metals . 
There 's a pretty good program inside all the noise of `` Mancuso FBI . '' 
Colon , lung and breast cancers are the most common and lethal forms of the disease , collectively killing almost 200,000 Americans a year . 
But sophistication has its limits . 
The cash injection boosted Zeta 's capital more than four-fold , to 8.47 billion pesetas from 1.82 billion pesetas , greatly enhancing the group 's ability to make investments , Zeta officials said . 
Terry L. Haines , formerly general manager of Canadian operations , was elected to the new position of vice president , North American sales , of this plastics concern . 
But there may be another problem with the device : Despite all the political angst it would cause , it might n't be effective in cutting the deficit . 
`` We want the bold programs of market development and political freedom in Hungary and in Poland to succeed . 
The first time he was shot in the hand as he chased the robbers outside . 
Revenue increased 11 % , to $ 2.73 billion from $ 2.46 billion . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 5.42 billion , from $ 5.27 billion . 
The measure provides no money for the promised payments until then , but beginning in fiscal 1991 , the government would be committed to meeting annual payments of as much as $ 500 million until the total liability of approximately $ 1.25 billion is paid . 
Yesterday , for example , `` the durable goods numbers came out for September and the number was down only 0.1 % , '' she said . 
But many of these stocks have now become expensive . 
For fiscal 1988 , Ashland had net of $ 224 million , or $ 4.01 a share , on revenue of $ 7.8 billion . 
James G. Zafris , president of Danvers Savings Bank , Danvers , Mass. , says the market turmoil `` is an absolute non-event for small business . '' 
The younger couple 's stockholdings involve more risk than a diversified stock portfolio because the bulk of the money is in a single issue . 
Sansui was once one of Japan 's premier makers of expensive , high-quality stereo gear for audiophiles . 
Intel 's microprocessors are the chips of choice in many of today 's personal computers and the 80486 microprocessor is the spearhead of the company 's bid to guard that spot in the next generation of machines . 
Bofors admits payments of $ 41 million to middlemen . 
Mr. Paul has been characterized as `` the Great Gatsby or something , '' complains Karen E. Brinkman , an executive vice president of CenTrust . 
Even such a pro-life stalwart as Sen. Orrin Hatch ( R. , Utah ) had counseled some kind of compromise . 
But the specter of Ford eventually launching a full-fledged bid could unravel the GM-Jaguar talks . 
Already last week , Mr. Krenz started overhauling East Germany 's heavily censored and notoriously boring news media . 
The Defense Department has lent the Washington U.S. attorney 10 prosecutors , and the Federal Bureau of Investigation has provided crime laboratory facilities and training , he added . 
RJR 's subordinated discount debentures of 2001 , which traded as low as 45 Friday , finished the day at 46 7\/8 . 
The Nasdaq industrial index climbed 8.17 to 458.52 , and the `` other finance '' index , made up of commercial banks and real estate and brokerage firms , rose 3.97 to 545.96 . 
The fund last had a profit in 1985 . 
That 's because the cost of buying put options eats into an investor 's profit when stock prices rise . 
A battle with Mr. Icahn would rattle even the most seasoned chief executive , to say nothing of one who took the helm less than five months ago . 
As an employee of a major refrigerator and freezer manufacturer , I have been heavily involved in dealing with the political manifestations of the Rowland-Molina theory ( named after the researchers who found in 1974 that chlorofluorocarbons contributed to the depletion of ozone in the earth 's atmosphere ) and the Montreal Protocol . 
Referring to Mr. Bennett 's claim that the federal government would provide $ 97 million in emergency federal support , Ms. Thompson wrote , `` Our analysis was unable to even come close to documenting that figure . '' 
U.S. producers had a $ 2.15 billion backlog of unfilled orders at the end of September . 
Texaco has also been attempting to sell oil properties . 
But if you overlook all this , it is a beautiful market for investment still . '' 
Failure to check rising medical costs ultimately could `` lead some of us who today are free-market advocates to re-examine our thinking and positions with respect to government-sponsored national health insurance , '' Arthur Puccini , a General Electric Co. vice president , warned earlier this year . 
Mr. Pozen is the general counsel and a managing director of Fidelity Investments in Boston . 
In a statement , Alex Kroll , Young & Rubicam 's chairman , said `` under the present circumstances { we } have agreed that it is prudent to discontinue that contract . '' 
Ms. Conlin adds : `` At some point we 'd have to ask , ` How do we know that in three years you wo n't be in Chapter 11 ? ' '' 
Meanwhile , Eurocom , which had held 20 % of WCRS 's ad unit , will pay # 43.5 million ( $ 68.5 million ) to raise its stake to 60 % . 
`` If there 's a further drive to export , '' says Nobuyuki Arai , an economist at the Japan Development Bank , `` that 'll be a problem . '' 
He was chairman and co-chief executive officer of Ladenburg , Thalmann & Co. until July , when he was named co-chairman of the investment-banking firm along with Howard L. Blum Jr. , who then became the sole chief executive . 
In 1977 , Mrs. Gandhi was thrown out of office after her 19-month emergency rule , and in 1980 , after her successors made a mess of their three years in power , she was restored to office . 
But the market turmoil could be partially beneficial for some small businesses . 
Why the revolt ? 
That would give agencies `` less ability ... to fudge over things , '' he told reporters . 
Business : Tax Preparation 
Kadane Oil Co. , a small Texas independent , is currently drilling two wells itself and putting money into three others . 
I used to wear hats in Russia , but I had to make them and my dresses . 
Mr. Lorenzo made no mention of creditors ' negative response to his plan . 
At my hotel , the Westin , power was out , some interior plaster had broken loose and there had been water damage , but little else . 
In fact , they 've spent billions of dollars to boost the percentage of continously cast steel to 60.9 % in 1988 , from 39.6 % five years before . 
Are the engineering and architecture of the economy as vulnerable as the spans of the Bay Bridge ? 
It is payable Nov. 30 to units of record Oct. 31 . 
Here a fund may promise to pay back , say , $ 95 of every $ 100 invested for a year , even if the market goes much lower . 
`` The owners of the company got a look at the potential risks in this business , and after Monday they felt they did n't want to be exposed any more , '' he said . 
Even staunch anti-bike Sierra members concede that 10 % of all riders cause most of the problems . 
In most civil cases , judges allow each side three such challenges . 
AMERICAN BUILDING MAINTENANCE INDUSTRIES Inc. , San Francisco , provider of maintenance services , annual revenue of $ 582 million , NYSE , had some damage to headquarters and lost phone service , but operations were moved to a branch office and are running smoothly thanks to a decentralized computer system the company had developed before the quake . 
It 's a danger . 
Mr. Marous said the business will achieve higher sales this year than the company 's target goal of 8.5 % . 
In a paper presented at the recent annual meeting of the National Association of Business Economists in San Francisco , Mr. Durkin comments that `` installment credit always grows rapidly in cyclical advances , and growth in this cycle is very typical of earlier experiences . '' 
Regulators , as well , might have quashed the deal if Tiger 's pilots had n't been protected , he said . 
`` Homeroom , '' a show about a black ad executive who gives up the boardroom for a fourth-grade classroom , is flunking the ratings test . 
The previous deadline to complete the sale was Nov. 30 . 
`` The stocks that have been the best are having big pullbacks , and the ones that have been the worst are getting clobbered , '' Mr. Mills said . 
But partner Richard Nye said , `` This is the most extraordinary failed transaction I 've seen in 25 years in this business . 
Britain 's Thatcher summoned senior advisers for strategy talks as opinion polls showed the prime minister 's popularity had hit a record low following the resignation last Thursday of Chancellor of the Exchequer Lawson . 
Let 's put it bluntly . 
His massage chair is kept in a closet , and a secretary escorts him past security . 
The agreement also calls for General Electric Pension , a unit of General Electric Co. , to receive as much as 10 % of Color Systems ' fully diluted common stock , depending on the proceeds from the sale of the AEI Film Library and its receivables . 
Each defendant faces a possible sentence of 20 years in prison and $ 250,000 in fines . 
And CenTrust has other problems . 
Mike Metschan , a salesman in Wang 's Austin , Texas , office , has a breezier method : `` We tell them $ 3 billion companies do n't go out of business . 
He has n't been able to replace the M'Bow cabal . 
A second theme is the undercurrent of social class and race in the public reaction to the Morgan case . 
After 11:30 a.m. or so `` we have them standing and waiting , '' she says , as she whips out orders for hamburgers and the daily special ( grilled roast beef , cheese and jalapeno pepper sandwich on whole wheat , potato salad , baked beans and pudding , plus coffee or iced tea . 
`` Ford 's appetite to attack { Jaguar } could gradually wane over time , particularly if Saab is a reasonably attractive proposition , '' says John Lawson , an auto analyst at London 's Nomura Research Institute . 
You 'd think all the stories about well-heeled communities and developers getting HUD grants would prompt Congress to tighten up on upscale housing subsidies . 
`` There wo n't be any formal resolutions or communiques , I do n't think . 
Fees 1 3\/8 . 
`` They want to turn everything upside down in a week . 
Further , many institutions today holding troubled retailers ' debt securities will be reticent to consider additional retailing investments . 
And there is more volatility to come . 
`` You are mad because he 's making so much money , '' say President Reagan 's defenders . 
The merged company that it now becomes part of will have billings of just more than $ 2.6 billion -- most of that in Europe -- bringing it to about 14th world-wide . 
The rates , which take effect Jan. 2 , include a 4 % increase for national edition advertising . 
Mr. Junkins was n't optimistic about the short-term outlook , hinting that further workforce reductions may be needed . 
In another , she requisitioned topiary MX missile cones -- costing $ 10,000 each -- in heights up to 20 feet . 
About 70,000 people attended the anti-government rally , at which leaders of the banned African National Congress refused to renounce violence to end apartheid . 
One analyst said the first ship probably will be delivered close to schedule , but that Carnival may have to pay up to 25 % more to get the second and third ships . 
With CBS Inc. on a spending spree that may top $ 2.5 billion for four years of major sports events , the new bout of hyperinflation could jolt the entire broadcast business . 
It 's impossible to say exactly how much of the total charity intake is devoured by stratospheric fund-raising costs , high-living operators , and downright fraud . 
The seasonally adjusted Dodge Index reached 175 in September , its highest level this year , from 162 in August . 
`` I 'm outraged because this company is portraying itself at the heart of American culture and political freedom and in fact it 's a killer , '' says Michael Pertschuk , former chairman of the Federal Trade Commission and a tobacco-industry critic . 
`` A loss of the warning symptoms of hypoglycemia is a complex problem that is very unlikely to be due simply to the type of insulin used , '' the American association said . 
UNESCO is now holding its biennial meetings in Paris to devise its next projects . 
Judy Woodruff hosts this handsome four-part series about the history , economy , culture and politics of the island home of Chinese democracy and capitalism . 
Dow Jones & Co. announced Wall Street Journal advertising rates for 1990 . 
This building shook like hell and it kept getting stronger . 
As the citizens of San Francisco and surrounding communities began assessing the damage from Tuesday 's devastating earthquake , NBC News began assessing the damage from what some said was a failure to provide comprehensive coverage in the earthquake 's initial moments . 
Volume totaled 132.1 million shares , which is about average for the year . 
Shaw , based in Dalton , Ga. , has annual sales of about $ 1.18 billion , and has economies of scale and lower raw-material costs that are expected to boost the profitability of Armstrong 's brands , sold under the Armstrong and Evans-Black names . 
The transaction also would combine Fresenius USA and Delmed . 
But it has left holders of SCI TV 's junk bonds holding the bag , including some heavyweights that KKR might need to finance future deals , such as Kemper Financial Services , First Executive , Columbia Savings & Loan and Prudential Insurance Co. of America . 
Nixdorf , Bull and others will also sell versions of the machine , said Mips President Robert Miller . 
`` There are no facts { behind the assertions } that we sent any kind of signal , '' he declared in an interview . 
Even some House Banking Committee members could suffer from the fallout . 
Both features appealed most to buyers under 45 . 
At the moment , Ford executives will say little beyond reiterating their desire to raise Ford 's Jaguar stake to about 15 % . 
The devices ' most remarkable possibilities , though , involve the brain . 
At the same time , the government did n't want to appear to favor GM by allowing a minority stake that might preclude a full bid by Ford . 
Steel jackets of a type that may have prevented collapse of the columns of a 1.5-mile stretch of the Nimitz Freeway had been installed on at least a small test section of the double-decker highway last year by California 's Department of Transportation , employees familiar with the project say . 
The issue includes $ 100 million of insured senior lien bonds . 
To help close the gap , Nissan recently established a top-level cost-cutting committee . 
The two sides have been far apart on how much Herbert Hunt will continue to owe the government after his assets are sold . 
The Cypress structure opened in June 1957 , and as such , like many buildings in the San Francisco Bay area , does not meet current building codes requiring considerably more steel support . 
Crested Butte , population 1,200 , is a bastion of the sport . 
Paul A. Herbig Indiana University Bloomington , Ind . 
Mr. Todt had been vice president and treasurer of Insilco Corp . 
Ms. McFadden had been forced out in July in a bitter power struggle with Z. Lou Guttman , chairman and a longtime floor trader on the exchange . 
Late in London , the dollar was quoted at 1.8410 West German marks and 142.70 Japanese yen , up from late Monday in New York . 
The government contract required Meredith Relocation Corp. to purchase employees ' homes based on independent appraisals . 
In fact , during the past three months there have been several demonstrations at the office complex where the Land Bureau is housed , and at the National Assembly , demanding the government put a stop to real-estate speculation . 
Mr. Ortega understands better than those who worry about his behavior that what sustains the Sandinista movement is not democratic peace , but nondemocratic unpeace . 
Mr. Courter , by comparison , seems a shadow of the confident hawk who defended Oliver North before national cameras at Iran-Contra hearings two years ago . 
They added that market-makers were knocking share prices down in midafternoon in a bid to attract some interest , but the action largely helped open the way for London 's late declines . 
We keep a lot of shrines to him around the Pentagon : statues , busts , relics and such . 
`` I would say he 's definitely not in need of money , '' says Matt Merola , an agent of Mr. Jackson 's based in New York . 
`` From the beginning , { they } knew we had a goal and a dream , '' says Mr. Guber . 
Paris shares had a similar reaction , but most other European bourses posted gains , as did all major Asian and Pacific stock markets . 
For the political process to work , all citizens , regardless of race , must feel represented . 
This helps explain the triple-A rating enjoyed by our bonds and our ability to borrow $ 9.3 billion in fiscal 1989 on the most advantageous terms . 
Enron Corp. said a subsidiary and two United Kingdom firms are studying the feasibility of constructing a 1,500 megawatt gas-fired power plant in northern England as an outgrowth of the government 's privatization program . 
Agreement , disapproval , boredom and distraction all can be inferred from the subjects ' twist of a dial . 
Underwriting syndicates at Lloyd 's , the world 's largest insurance market , generally do n't close their accounts for three years , to allow for the filing of claims and litigation . 
`` I believe everyday pricing in the current environment does n't work , '' says Walter Loeb of Morgan Stanley & Co. , pointing to soft durable-goods sales . 
The latter are modish , trendy , often downright silly , and at best insubstantial . 
And they will again , say money-manager proponents of the growth-stock theme . 
Western New Mexico Telephone , Silver City , had net income of $ 1.9 million on revenue of about $ 10 million last year . 
Ms. Bartlett 's little rooms left little room for plants or people . 
Rather than renovate the Crusaders , which Dassault is proposing to do for around 1.8 billion French francs ( $ 286.6 million ) , Adm. Goupil said the navy wants to buy used F-18s from the U.S. Navy . 
However , a catalyst like Coniston could seek shareholder support for a sale to a labor-management group at the last price discussed by that group before the board meeting Monday . 
Republican Sen. Arlen Specter of Pennsylvania engaged the nominee in a verbal contest aimed at showing that Mr. Bork was willing to stretch the Constitution in one area ( free speech ) while remaining rigid in all the others . 
`` Trying to time the economy is a mistake , '' says David Katz , chief investment officer of Value Matrix Management Inc. in New York . 
The crowd remained good natured , even bemused . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Wednesday , gold was quoted at $ 373.80 an ounce . 
Bush said that neither he nor Gorbachev expected any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
At the Laurel race track , the breeders are romancing people like Tim Hulings , a beer packaging plant worker . 
They commonly give two scenarios : One is based on interest rates that the company guarantees ( usually 4 % to 4.5 % ) and the other on the rate it is currently getting on investment , often 8.5 % or more . 
Prepayments , much like mutual-fund purchases , are pooled for investment . 
`` You eliminate companies with substantial prospects that are moving up in price . '' 
Whatever respectability and ties to intellectuals and opinion-makers the publications and conferences bring really are salvage -- not the Rev. Moon 's original final goals , but the ones for which he will have to settle . 
One photo shows a woman sporting a scar she says was made by a laser beam ( a low-caliber weapon , from the looks of the wound ) . 
Armstrong World Industries Inc. agreed in principle to sell its carpet operations to Shaw Industries Inc . 
Allianz 's statement stressed the company 's previously announced position that Paribas 's offer price is too low . 
The offering , Series 106 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
Under the previous plan , British Air would have received a 15 % stake in UAL in exchange for a $ 750 million equity investment , with a 75 % stake going to UAL employees and 10 % to UAL management . 
Among steel shares , NKK rose 19 to 705 yen ( $ 4.97 ) a share , and Nippon Steel gained 17 to 735 . 
The extra margin for bases in the U.S. enhances the power of the appropriations committees ; meanwhile , lawmakers used their positions to garner as much as six times what the Pentagon had requested for their individual states . 
Third-quarter shipments slipped 7 % from the year-ago period , and 17 % from this year 's second quarter . 
Figgie is a fire protection , electronics and industrial products concern . 
At Sept. 30 , the thrift , which converted to a stock form of ownership from a mutual form in April 1986 , had more than four million shares outstanding . 
At least it has a little dash . 
Thousands of chemical products were categorized as carcinogenic , with recommendations that they be banned from industrial use because they produced malignant tumors in overdosed rats . 
General Motors Corp. 's Chevrolet division , reacting to slow sales , said it will offer $ 800 rebates on its 1990 Beretta , the two-door version of its core compact-car line . 
Last year catastrophe losses totaled $ 5 million , when net was $ 235.5 million , or $ 2.07 a share . 
For the first nine months of the year , Dow earned $ 2.06 billion , or $ 11.41 a share , up 17 % from $ 1.76 billion , or $ 9.32 a share , a year ago . 
Predictably , some Navy guys said : `` Do we still need to keep all 18 Army divisions on active duty and all those extra land-based aircraft without bases and all those Army guys playing admiral in Tampa ? 
Platinum and palladium struggled to maintain their prices all day despite news stories over the weekend that recent cold fusion experiments , which use both metals , showed signs of producing extra heat . 
So , some see a special irony in the fact that Mr. Steinhardt , the trader , now is encumbered with a massive , illiquid airline holding . 
The comparable year-earlier number was $ 56 million , a spokesman said . 
In that announcement , TVS also said it was trimming production finance and hiring a new U.S. sales manager . 
Mr. Francois-Poncet responded that his group initially intended to take only a minority stake , striking an alliance with current management . 
His initial offer indicated he needed to raise as much as 80 % of the takeover financing through the debt markets . 
It will probably be attached to a State Department authorization bill , which Mr. Bush is n't expected to veto . 
They argue that as the Kremlin follows through on announced plans to cut land forces -- the Soviets ' area of greatest strength -- the U.S. should show more willingness to cut sea forces -- Washington 's area of greatest superiority . 
If you asked me to select a stock with the highest expected return , I would select a stock with the greatest amount of undiversifiable risk , as I am sure your pros do . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
Across the country , resorts are using everything from fireworks to classical-music concerts to attract new customers . 
Compaq Computer , which had lost 8 5\/8 Thursday following a disappointing quarterly report , gained 5\/8 to 100 5\/8 . 
In a move apparently aimed at heading off new punitive legislation , Mr. Deng sent an indirect signal to Washington via T.D. Lee , a Columbia University physicist who met Mr. Deng and other Chinese leaders in Beijing last month . 
But they failed to sell these stocks to client investors , who were cautious about the sharp gains these issues made this week , the Wako official said . 
An imaginative novelist writing a thriller about amateur spy-chasing might invent a Clifford Stoll , but it 's unlikely . 
The latest 10-year notes were quoted late at a price of 99 26\/32 to yield 8 % , compared with 99 25\/32 to yield 8.01 % . 
The name Maidenform was coined by a third business partner , Enid Bissett . 
Economists expect general merchandise sales in the fourth quarter to rise 4.5 % to 6 % from year-ago figures . 
Earlier this week , Genetics Institute reported wider losses in its fiscal third quarter ended Aug. 31 . 
The agency declined comment , but said it will continue work until a new agency is chosen . 
No , we ought to be mad because he has demeaned the office we gave him , enlisting it in the service of private gain , just as we ought to be mad that public officials lie through their teeth , play disingenuous games about their activities or , to steal a phrase , make public service a private trough . 
Mr. Lesko , who is making the rules as he goes , has determined that bureaucrats are eligible for nomination by other bureaucrats . 
It is n't surprising that President Bush has n't led a crusade to pump up the Contras or SDI . 
But the deal fell apart last week for lack of financing . 
The airport 's biggest supplier of aircraft fuel is the Soviet Union . 
All these thoughts raced through my head in the 15 seconds of the earthquake 's actual duration . 
Traders said Goldman Sachs , Shearson Lehman Hutton and Salomon Brothers were the main force behind the futures buying at the pivotal moment . 
But at least Burger King has signed on , and says that by year end it wo n't be using any shell eggs . 
To keep the exchange rate pegged , Mr. Lawson tightened monetary policy and pushed interest rates up to 15 % . 
Bank Building , which builds and equips banks , had announced it would restate the first-three quarters of this fiscal year , which ends Oct. 31 . 
When Mr. Jacobson walked into the office at 7:30 a.m. EDT , he announced : `` OK , buckle up . '' 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % four months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % five months ; 8 7\/16 % to 8 5\/16 % six months . 
When it was n't my turn in the balloon I followed its progress from the `` chase car , '' listening to the driver holler into a walkie-talkie . 
It was the most active of the 100-share index at 8.3 million shares , 6.5 million of which were traded by midday . 
Allied-Signal Aerospace Co. received a $ 65 million contract to outfit Continental Airlines ' 393 planes with the Bendix\/King Traffic Alert and Collision Avoidance System . 
Recently , he and others reported that the retinoblastoma suppressor gene may also be involved in some lung cancers , as well as several other more common cancers , too . 
The group temporarily will report to Irving W. Bailey II , chairman , president and chief executive officer of Capital Holding . 
Above all , though , conservative Republicans who have championed both the Contras and SDI are reluctant to attack a Republican president for failing to do more -- though that reluctance may be receding . 
`` We 're close to the bottom '' of the near-term ranges , she contends . 
Liability in the bridge and road collapses will revolve around whether government took `` reasonable care '' to build and maintain the structures , says John Messina , a Tacoma , Wash. , personal-injury attorney who specializes in highway design and maintenance cases . 
`` We will vigorously oppose the bill , '' he says . 
Analysts said the offer for Great Northern Nekoosa broke the pall that settled over the takeover business for the past three weeks in the wake of the collapsed UAL Corp . buy-out . 
The accord , which covers $ 52.7 billion of Mexico 's medium - and long-term debt , is expected to go into effect in early 
Some forms of private property would be sanctioned . 
Computer maker Hewlett-Packard Co. , based in Palo Alto , says one of its buildings sustained severe damage when it was knocked off its foundation . 
`` All these consultants kept coming around telling us we should concentrate on high technology , electronics or biotechnology , and get out of mature basic industries , '' Mr. Andersson recalls . 
The adoption agency insists on introducing the adopting parents to the birth mother , so Linda and Michael pay for pregnant Lucy 's ( Ms. Masterson ) bus ticket from Ohio . 
The lethal shudders that wracked the San Francisco Bay Area -- rated a 6.9 on the Richter scale -- did n't match the great earthquake of 1906 , rated at 8.25 . 
The resulting # 1.9 billion merchandise trade deficit was partly offset by an assumed surplus of # 300 million in so-called invisible items , which include income from investments , services and official transfers . 
In addition , Moody 's said it downgraded Financiere Credit Suisse-First Boston 's senior and subordinated Swiss debt to single-A-2 from single-A-1 and lowered Financiere CSFB N.V. 's junior subordinated perpetual Eurodebt , guaranteed by Financiere Credit Suisse -- First Boston , to single-A-3 from single-A-2 . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration is increased to $ 124,875 during fiscal 1990 . 
Since stock market indexes plummeted last Friday , participants in all markets have been wary . 
People will say that the nation and the government have other objectives , in addition to stabilizing the price level , which is true . 
For the full fiscal year ending next March , Oji predicted that total sales of 477.00 billion yen , up from 420.68 billion yen in the previous fiscal year . 
JURY 'S CRIMINAL CONVICTION under Superfund law is a first . 
Recently , they have appeared every few weeks in talk-show type videos , countering pro-union arguments . 
But wealthy individuals also have been jumping in , and lately brokers have been pushing smaller investors into the asset-backed market . 
Corporate Issues 
General Motors Corp. said it will temporarily idle its Arlington , Texas , assembly plant for one week beginning Monday because of slow sales . 
Once his cuckoo 's egg was laid , he could enter Unix and become a `` super-user , '' with access to everything . 
All the senators say they merely were trying to ensure fairness for a constituent . 
U.S. District Judge Julian A. Cook Jr. announced the settlements as the jury trial was to begin yesterday . 
Since most of its assets are tied to Manville , a forest and building products concern , the trust might also want to diversify its holdings . 
The appointments are effective Nov. 1 . 
On Monday , volume on the First Section was estimated at 600 million shares , down from 1.24 billion shares Friday . 
Mr. Schwartz is a business executive and writer in New York . 
Republicans , meanwhile , want to try to protect the measure by combining it with two politically popular issues that Democrats could find hard to block . 
Construction shares that gained included Shimizu , which rose 130 to 2,080 . 
The Fed said the Comptroller of the Currency is expected to begin a Community Reinvestment Act examination of First Union 's Florida and North Carolina banking units in the next two weeks . 
Thomas E. Meador , 42 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of Balcor Co. , a Skokie , Ill. , subsidiary of this New York investment banking firm . 
I take these pronouncements , like many that have preceded them in past years , with a grain of salt . 
Neither was among the 46 traders indicted last August in a federal investigation of traders at both the Merc and the Chicago Board of Trade . 
But the investors are left stranded with money to reinvest at a time when interest rates are puny . 
Still , even results approaching break-even would mark a sharp weakening compared with fiscal 1989 first-quarter earnings of $ 9.6 million , or 30 cents a share , on sales of $ 200.2 million . 
High cash positions help buffer a fund when the market falls . 
In addition , changes in short interest in some stocks may be caused by arbitrage . 
The company , which also will omit its second-half dividend , did n't specify the size . 
Revenue gained 45 % to $ 210.2 million from $ 145.2 million . 
It had profit of $ 48.6 million , or $ 2.46 a share , in the 1988 period . 
Mr. Conway is no longer at the exchange . 
Some 500 insects and 150 diseases wiggle , chew and romp through growers ' nightmares , including maggots , mites , mildew , thrips , black rot and the flat-headed borer . 
This is the way government is supposed to work , with politicians taking responsibility for votes that their constituents can identify , instead of concealing them in the great reconciliation garbage truck . 
Sun Co. also reported higher earnings . 
As he stands on a hill at the beginning of a six-day motor expedition from Oxfordshire to Cornwall , where a former housekeeper resides , perhaps the victim of an unhappy 20-year marriage , perhaps ( he hopes with more fervor than he will ever acknowledge ) not disinclined to return to domestic service , Stevens surveys the view and thereby provides a self-portrait , a credo and the author 's metaphor for the aesthetic of the novel we 're reading : 
Officials also say a national electricity shortage might not be far off . 
The judge also ruled that the painting was n't abandoned because officials did n't intend for it to be thrown away and were unaware that the workmen had discarded it . 
This limits his financial exposure , he says . 
Yes , he says , premiums on such variable-rate coverage can be structured to `` vanish '' after a certain period -- but usually only if interest rates stay high enough to generate sufficient cash to cover the annual cost of insurance protection . 
`` If there is another bad trade number , there could be an awful lot of pressure , '' noted Simon Briscoe , U.K. economist for Midland Montagu , a unit of Midland Bank PLC . 
That 's how the stock-picking game is shaping up for the months ahead , according to money managers and a few brokers . 
More important than money in many cases are waivers California is seeking on current restrictions covering federal highway funds , such as a $ 100 million cap on how much any single state can receive in emergency funds in a year . 
The two units are Prentice Hall Information Services , which publishes tax , financial planning and business law information , among other services , and Prentice Hall Information Network , which electronically delivers tax information . 
It gave 1,124 businesses a questionnaire and analyzed 353 responses . 
Some employers initiate referrals , especially if work problems threaten a top manager 's job . 
MacNamara Clapp & Klein , a small New York shop , is asking magazine ad representatives to tell it when major advertising inserts will run in their publications . 
Nearby Pasadena , Texas , police reported that 104 people had been taken to area hospitals , but a spokeswoman said that toll could rise . 
One senior vice president at Bechtel said he got up at 3 a.m. to drive into San Francisco from the East Bay . 
In just these three areas , the Commerce Department found $ 23 billion more exports than previously reported and $ 11.6 billion more imports , with the net result that the U.S. service surplus in 1988 increased by $ 11.3 billion , to $ 19 billion . 
Salomon posted an unexpectedly big gain in quarterly earnings , aided by its securities trading and investment banking activities . 
NBI Inc. said that it can not pay the Oct. 31 dividend on its Series A convertible preferred stock , allowing the stock 's holder to convert the shares into as much as 27.7 % of NBI 's shares outstanding . 
He moved quickly through the ranks with the help of his patron , Mr. Honecker , and emerged as the heir apparent . 
Since the 1970s energy crisis , some efforts to conserve energy by sealing buildings have had an unintended side effect : high indoor pollution . 
Fuel cost adjustments could change the effective rate increases , however . 
As Judge Kozinski put it : `` To invoke the right to deliberately distort what someone else has said is to assert the right to lie in print ... . 
In the herbal lounge she specified a `` plaid knot garden '' decor . 
My position is one founded on both the facts and the law . 
But his case is notable both for the scale of the fight -- it is n't often that a congressional hearing is held to determine whether one small businessman is a threat to the republic -- and for what it tells about the pitfalls of marketing a new product . 
`` The big mo is as much of a factor in retailing as in politics , '' he said . 
`` There is absolutely no way our board or membership would have approved the portrayal of the Hells Angels in this movie , '' said George Christie , president of the club 's Ventura chapter . 
The new machines are capable of sorting by zip code up to 10,000 large flat mail pieces , including magazines and parcels , an hour . 
This has increased the risk of the government being forced to increase base rates to 16 % from their current 15 % level to defend the pound , economists and foreign exchange market analysts say . 
The new market helped boost U.S. fur sales to about $ 1.8 billion a year now , triple the level in the late 1970s . 
For the future , he said he would run for governor of Florida . 
`` Right now , Federated owes us a considerable amount of money , '' says Morris Marmalstein , president of David Warren Enterprises , a major dress manufacturer . 
Unisys also noted that it paid $ 78.8 million in taxes during the quarter , even though tax payments normally would be minimal in a quarter that produced such a big loss . 
Heady stuff it 's not . 
The heaviest damage was reported in Tipasa , about 40 miles west of Algiers . 
But the FDA in a 1985 letter to the United Egg Producers said that there was `` little likelihood '' of a health problem as long as instructions were followed . 
Support for the private sector has been a longstanding concern of the Bank 's . 
Bank of New England plans to sell some operations and lay off 4 % of its work force after a year of weak earnings and mounting loan problems . 
A mild slowdown probably would have run its course by early 1991 , economists say , while the grueling downturn now expected could stretch into 1992 . 
`` Those who have no money and are n't buying think it 's right to refrain , but those with money who want to buy for themselves pay no attention , '' says an official of the Japan-U.S . Business Council . 
Mr. Lesk could n't be reached to comment . 
Copper 
IFI also has nonvoting preferred shares , which are quoted on the Milan stock exchange . 
Mr. Trivelpiece , 58 years old , succeeds William Bolger , who died in August . 
After all , this is the industry that has a hard enough time getting any respect , that is the butt of so many jokes that television 's `` L.A. Law '' portrays direct-mail-mogul David as short , bald , intensely nerdy , and unremittingly boring . 
He also launched a kingside storm , sacrificing a pawn to denude D.T. 's king . 
Forecasts for the trade figures range widely , but few economists expect the data to show a very marked improvement from the # 2 billion ( $ 3.2 billion ) deficit in the current account reported for August . 
Sales declined 3 % to $ 524.5 million from $ 539.4 million . 
It said it will take a $ 10 million fourth-quarter charge against discontinued operations , reflecting certain write-downs and the planned sale of a unit . 
Indeed , USX said it expects the market for coated sheet steel to reach 12 million tons annually by 1992 , compared with 10.2 million tons shipped in 1988 . 
PWA would n't estimate the value of Wardair 's aircraft , which include 12 Airbus A310-300s and three Boeing 747-100s . 
In Tokyo Friday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.93 yen , up from Thursday 's Tokyo close of 141.55 yen . 
Until Mr. Luzon took the helm last November , Banco Exterior was run by politicians who lacked either the skills or the will to introduce innovative changes . 
But home-building stocks were a mixed bag . 
One reason for his gloom is a weekly tally he keeps of stocks within a point of hitting new highs or lows . 
In May , Ramada sold its Marie Callender Pie Shops Inc. unit to a group of private investors as part of its plan to focus on its casinos in Atlantic City and in Las Vegas and Laughlin , Nev . 
U.S. Trust also created a four-member office of the chairman , effective Feb. 1 . 
Missouri farmer Blake Hurst writing in the fall issue of the Heritage Foundation 's Policy Review about the proposed location of a hazardous-waste incinerator in his county : 
But media-stock analyst Richard J. MacDonald of MacDonald Grippo Riely says Wall Street wo n't take kindly to that . 
The assortment of expensive children 's toys that I have purchased wisely at a host of discount-toy brokerage firms ( Figure 4 ) has increased handsomely in total asset value far beyond any personal investment except , perhaps , for my record collection , whose worth , I think it 's safe to say , is incalculable . 
The unit stabilized about midday New York time at around 1.85 marks and 141 yen , prompting unconfirmed rumors that the U.S. Federal Reserve had intervened to blunt the unit 's tumble . 
He was simply the first in this country to realize that treasures were just lying around waiting to be picked up . 
Yesterday , U.S. Judge Alcee Hastings faced his jury -- the full U.S. Senate -- and said , `` I am not guilty of having committed any crime . '' 
Ford Motor Co. reported a 21.2 % drop in sales of domestic-made cars to 46,995 and a 24.2 % drop in domestic trucks to 31,143 . 
The law is meant to overcome delays caused by defendants ' use of foreign procedures to block U.S. requests for records , Judge Keenan said in his opinion . 
`` We know how to get from capitalism to socialism , '' Sergiusz Niciporuk is saying one afternoon . 
The panel urged greater efforts to reduce the complexity , paperwork and cost of utilization review . 
Mr. Masson then brought a libel suit against Ms. Malcolm , the New Yorker and Knopf . 
People who paid a premium for standard CDs purchased on the secondary market could also find that those premiums are n't insured if the institutions that issued the CDs failed . 
When they return to their desks at 1 p.m. , they have pedaled 20 miles . 
At seven weeks , an embryo is about three-fourths of an inch long and recognizably human . 
Mesa flies to 42 cities in New Mexico , Arizona , Wyoming , Colorado and Texas . 
Jeff Bridges is the younger brother , Jack , who fancies himself the rebellious artist ; he lives in a loft with his sick dog and the occasional visit from the little girl upstairs , who climbs down the fire escape . 
If rates unexpectedly rise , the increasing return on the money fund will partly offset the lower-than-expected return from the bond fund . 
The machine employs reduced instruction-set computing , or RISC , technology . 
`` We have not made that decision '' to seek a Jaguar special shareholders ' meeting , said Martyn Watkins , a Ford spokesman in London . 
Scientists are mistaken who still think that the anti-science movement in this country is n't their concern or that a David Baltimore could have somehow placated a John Dingell . 
Those current holders would also receive minority interests in the new company . 
Even before British Air 's announcement , pilot union leaders had been meeting in Chicago yesterday to consider their options . 
The measure is scheduled to be taken up by the Appropriations Committee today . 
The 1987 highway bill permitted states to raise the speed limit to 65 mph from 55 mph on interstate roads , which are defined as highways that pass through areas with fewer than 50,000 people . 
After the three members of the court introduced themselves , the chairman of the panel said : `` Go ahead and tell us what happened . 
By the end of the day , bond prices were mixed . 
That would send prices plummeting from what some gun-shy U.S. oil executives still regard as too low a level . 
DPC Acquisition Partners , a hostile suitor for Dataproducts Corp. , filed a petition in federal district court in Los Angeles seeking to have its standstill agreement with the computer printer maker declared void , and it proceeded with a $ 10-a-share tender offer for the company . 
Later they said they fired him , and two directors attempted to place the company under bankruptcy-law protection . 
Canadian Pacific put its 56 % stake in Soo Line up for sale last year but could n't find any takers . 
Separately , on the Pacific Stock Exchange , put and call options on the common stock of Aldus Corp. started trading . 
Under a separate arrangement , British Aerospace PLC 's Rover Group PLC subsidiary will also be able to offer the vehicles through its dealers in the U.K. , and Renault 's truck-building subsidiary Renault Vehicles Industriels will have similar rights in France . 
That is the way the system works . 
After the explosion , Kerr-McGee temporarily shut down its facility just south of Las Vegas for a safety inspection . 
`` These errata do not affect business programs , '' he said . 
In the year-earlier quarter , net was $ 62.2 million , or 51 cents a share . 
In restaurants ( in this case , the Russian Samovar , a New York restaurant operated by and for Soviet emigres ) , she did n't want the chirpy , folkish music bouncing through the room . 
In response , Mr. Peters says , Mr. Ross referred to his colleagues at Warner with an `` obscenity '' and said : `` Tell them that they do n't have a job . 
Though Lloyd 's pioneered such now-standard policies as worker 's compensation insurance , burglary insurance for homeowners and businesses , and bankers ' liability insurance , competitors now underwrite most of that business . 
East Germans remember a comment a few years ago by Kurt Hager , the government 's top ideologist , that just because a neighbor hangs new wallpaper , there 's no reason to change your own . 
Changes in CD yields in the week ended Tuesday were in line with blips up and down within a fairly narrow range for the last two months . 
Gandhi 's family has ruled independent India for all but five years of its 42-year history . 
On Friday , Los Angeles-based First Interstate Bancorp said it expects a net loss of $ 16 million for the third quarter of 1989 because of hemorrhaging at its First Interstate Bank of Arizona unit . 
But what about all those non-duck ducks flapping over Washington ? 
Witness the Walsh prosecution of Ollie North . 
The company has been considered an industry leader in advocating cooperation and voluntary disclosures of improper or inflated billing practices . 
The debentures were issued in the face amount of $ 46 million on July 11 , 1988 , the Ashland , Ky. , coal mining , water transportation and construction company said . 
Though the service is available only in California , Telelawyer founder Michael Cane says he plans to franchise it in other states . 
He said the fourth quarter will be `` challenging , '' and maintained his conservative forecast that 1990 `` wo n't be a barn burner . '' 
Dow 's third-quarter net fell to $ 589 million , or $ 3.29 a share , from $ 632 million , or $ 3.36 a share , a year ago . 
Auto makers reported that mid-October sales were running at an annual rate of about 5.8 million units , far less than the 6.6 million units analysts had expected . 
To date , 1,013 of those children have died , according to the federal Centers for Disease Control . 
The specific scene he mentions in which pet dogs are crushed is somewhat reminiscent of the continual plights that befall the coyote in the old Warner Bros . `` Road Runner '' cartoons . 
San Francisco Mayor Art Agnos estimated the damage to his city alone at $ 2 billion . 
As recounted in a stipulation that summarized government documents released for the North trial , Mr. Noriega offered to assassinate the Sandinista leadership in exchange `` for a promise to help clean up Noriega 's image and a commitment to lift the { U.S. . } ban on military sales to the Panamanian Defense Forces . '' 
NEC wo n't release its code , and every one of the dozen or so makers has its own proprietary operating system -- all incompatible with each other . 
A spokesman for Seagram , the Montreal wine and spirits concern controlled by the Bronfman family , said the company will post additional pretax profit of about $ 33 million a year because of the additional Du Pont dividends . 
The graph on the left shows how this happens ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 30 , 1989 ) . 
A National Guard job assumed by Capt. Noriega in 1964 -- as chief of the transit police in David City , capital of the Chiriqui Province -- was tailor-made for an aspiring super-spy . 
This may have been true 10 years ago , but times have changed , even in Utah . 
Financial markets took a midweek break from their recent wild gyrations with stock prices falling modestly , bond prices posting tiny gains and the dollar almost unchanged . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters are n't universally loved in Hollywood but they are well connected . 
`` The programs have arthritis , '' says Rep. Henry Hyde , a conservative Republican from Illinois . 
Net income increased 6.7 % to 12.43 billion yen from 11.66 billion yen . 
`` He did n't say much , but what he said was important because it 's not in the score . 
That 's just what happened in the October 1987 crash . 
Indeed , the stock market 's steady advance this year tracked with President Bush 's success in advancing his capital-gains proposal . 
The result last spring was the arrest by West German authorities of five young West Germans , accused of stealing information from computers in the U.S. and Europe and selling it to the Soviet KGB . 
One bond trader estimated that more than $ 50 million of New York City general obligation bonds were put up for sale Friday alone . 
PLO leader Arafat asked Egypt to seek clarifications from the U.S. on Secretary of State Baker 's plan for Mideast peace talks , an aide to Egyptian President Mubarak said . 
Lawmakers have n't publicly raised the possibility of renewing military aid to the Contras , and President Bush parried the question at a news conference here Saturday , saying only that `` if there 's an all-out military offensive , that 's going to change the equation 180 degrees . '' 
`` We 've had dictation . '' 
The purchase , expected to be completed by year end , will make Quebecor the second-largest commercial printer in North America , behind only R.R. Donnelley & Sons Co. , Chicago . 
Now that percentage routinely equals a third and twice has been above 40 % . 
Among engineering firms , CRS Sirrine rose 5\/8 to 34 1\/4 on the Big Board and four others rallied on the American Stock Exchange : Jacobs Engineering Group , which gained 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/8 , Greiner Engineering , which rose 3 1\/2 to 22 1\/2 ; Michael Baker , which added 1 1\/4 to 15 1\/4 , and American Science & Engineering , up 1\/2 to 8 1\/2 . 
And another wave of bad loans would further batter many already-shaky lending institutions . 
But when Harley last week publicly questioned the legality of the group 's filing procedures , the Rochester , N.Y. , investor said `` we complied with every law , '' and he denied any wrongdoing . 
Lionel also said the offer by Robert I. Toussie Limited Partnership is inadequate , and full of conditions that leave it `` subject to substantial uncertainty . '' 
Volume totaled 16,800,000 shares . 
The trial begins today in federal court in Philadelphia . 
It will be hard to do handstands until real linage starts heading back up . '' 
Elsewhere , share prices rebounded in Hong Kong , Sydney , Singapore , Wellington , Taipei , Manila and Seoul . 
I believe Mr. Kageyama left out one major aspect of Japanese culture that permeated his piece : the belief in the superiority of Japanese culture and behavior vs. others . 
At first glance , gold and utilities seem strange bedfellows . 
Per-share earnings declined to $ 1.10 a share from $ 1.12 a share , largely because of 21 million additional shares issued to retire $ 1 billion of debt . 
The company 's conduct `` does not even raise a question of wrongful corporate intent , ratification or cover-up , '' GE 's brief asserts . 
Meredith Corp. is launching a new service to offer advertisers package deals combining its book , magazine and videocassette products . 
In the past , however , Coke has typically taken a minority stake in such ventures . 
Their yields are higher than those of U.S. Treasury issues . 
That 's because you have to pay for the insurance portion of the policy and the effort required to sell and service the whole package . 
Dividend-related trading swelled volume in two issues : Security Pacific , which fell 7\/8 to 44 1\/2 and led the Big Board 's most actives list on composite volume of 14.8 million shares , and Nipsco Industries , which lost 3\/8 to 17 3\/8 on 4.4 million shares . 
And neither can your pilot . 
Undaunted , Mr. Dozen said that Daiwa 's goal is to build `` a high-technology oriented international organization with maybe some Japanese flavor to it . '' 
That 's another reason { for the Backer Spielvogel job } . 
Adm. Goupil , a former Crusader squadron leader , said that the last other country to use Crusaders , the Philippines , retired its last ones two years ago . 
The FCC moves were good news for AT&T , which has been striving since the breakup of the phone system for greater latitude in pricing and reduced regulation . 
Some pretty seamy stuff built the turn-of-the-century families ' Fifth Avenue and Newport palazzi and endowed their daughters ' weddings to foreign noblemen . 
Mr. Melloan is deputy editor of the Journal . 
The announcement came after the market 's close . 
Kodak hired Robert Buzzell and Polaroid brought in Robert J. Dolan . 
Laserscope , initial offering of 1,656,870 common shares , of which 1,455,000 shares are to be sold by the company and 201,870 by holders , via Alex . Brown & Sons Inc. and Volpe , Covington & Welty . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in eight classes by Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Indeed , some analysts expect the government to report that the movement of young cattle onto feedlots in the month of September in seven big ranch states dropped 8 % compared with the level for September 1988 . 
The Japanese-managed plants eventually will have the capacity to build some 2.5 million vehicles in the U.S. and that will translate into `` market share that is going to have to come out of somebody , '' he added . 
Three other Haagen shopping centers in the Watts area are doing almost as well . 
That does n't appear to be the case in Singapore , a country of about three million people with a relatively high soft-drink consumption rate -- a key indicator of Coke 's success in a market . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rymer closed yesterday at $ 10.875 , down 12.5 cents . 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
`` Nobody knows how deep the cycle is going to be , '' said Rod Young , vice president of Resource Information Systems Inc. , a Bedford , Mass. , economic-forecasting firm . 
The illogic and inaccuracy of John H. Adams 's comments for the National Resources Defense Council fully justifies your characterization of California 's Greens in particular as `` la-la activists . '' 
W. Brown Morton Jr . Warsaw , Va . 
Still , there is money to be made . 
A limit order to sell could be entered at that price . 
Last Friday , Qintex Entertainment Inc. , its 43%-owned U.S. TV production and distribution affiliate , filed for Chapter 11 protection . 
Or at least he should . 
There in the center of the pack is quarterback Troy Aikman , the key to the Cowboys ' comeback strategy . 
Advertisers are showing interest . 
So far , Mr. Paul has unloaded but three of his masterpieces , he wo n't say to whom . 
Kerr-McGee Corp. said it will spend $ 42 million to purchase land and relocate its ammonium perchlorate storage facility to Clark County , Nev. , from Henderson , Nev . 
`` They all said they invested huge amounts of money . 
Allianz holds a 50 % stake in Navigation Mixte 's insurance interests , acquired three weeks ago . 
Miller Brewing Co. will introduce its first non-alcoholic beer Jan. 1 . 
In general , they say , avoid takeover stocks . 
NOTE : All figures are translated into U.S. dollars based on current exchange rates . 
The contract settled at $ 1,014 a ton , off $ 13 . 
Meanwhile , U.S. Attorney Jerry Rafferty in Denver is reviewing the report prepared by MiniScribe 's outside directors , to determine if criminal charges should be brought before a grand jury . 
If Brazil devises an economic strategy allowing it to resume growth and service debt , this could lead it to open up and deregulate its sheltered economy , analysts say , just as Argentinian President Carlos Saul Menem has been doing even though he was elected on a populist platform . 
But they either did n't buy the right machines or they wasted it , '' says Fleming 's Ms. Noble . 
Beijing lawmakers have called for jails to be built to house prostitutes and for severe punishment , including the death sentence , for anyone who induces or coerces women into prostitution . 
Though it 's clearly Max 's wife who held sway here until her death , now none of the other male residents of this misbegotten household can challenge Max . 
The legislation also includes a lower `` training wage '' for new workers who are teen-agers . 
Over several decades , for instance , investors who put up with the stock market 's gyrations earned returns far in excess of those on bonds and `` cash '' investments like Treasury bills . 
William Craig , an independent record promoter , pleaded guilty to payola and criminal tax charges , according to a statement issued by Gary Feess , the U.S. attorney here . 
`` It 's a question of timing , '' says Mayumi Takayama , managing director of international operations at Isetan Co. , a Tokyo department store . 
But revenue declined more than 2 % , reflecting in part a continuing drop in sales of credit services in the wake of controversy over the company 's sales practices . 
`` It is very clear that those buy orders came from people who wanted their franchise protected , '' said one Chicago-based futures trader . 
Dream on . 
Manville and the trust are discussing the offer , but no decision has been made . 
The directors would be able to sell particular assets to enable such buyers as the regional Bell operating companies to purchase the company 's interests . 
One of the seven reports presented here of excess heat production was given by Richard A. Oriani , professor of chemical engineering at the University of Minnesota . 
The sixth partner , John H. OBrion , Jr. , is joining Cowan & Owen , a smaller firm outside Richmond . 
Each is more problematic than an unexpected divisional baseball championship , but both help explain why Chicago remains a vital center of this country 's regional theater movement . 
Indeed , only hours earlier , Mrs. Thatcher had called Mr. Lawson 's economic policies `` sound '' and said she has `` always supported '' him . 
`` Measure for Measure '' is one of Shakespeare 's `` problem '' plays , so named because it does not fit neatly into a category such as tragedy , comedy or history . 
The agreement marks Bausch & Lomb 's first venture selling its eye care products for use by veterinarians . 
Her share decreases , but only slightly . '' 
It does n't have an internal floppy disk drive , although a snap-on drive can be purchased separately . 
In the year earlier period , the New York parent of Republic National Bank had net income of $ 38.7 million , or $ 1.12 a share . 
Analysts say USAir has great promise . 
For Aetna and other insurers , the San Francisco earthquake hit when resources in the field already were stretched . 
What is even more ironic is that all over the world nations are learning that well-intentioned public programs often backfire . 
Separately , EG&G said it sold most of its Mason Research Institute subsidiary to Transgenic Sciences Inc. , a closely held biotechnology company based in Worcester , Mass . 
A total of 157 lawsuits were filed on behalf of crash victims . 
Before good will , Overnite Transportation earnings fell 11 % to $ 15 million , Union Pacific said . 
SciMed Life Systems Inc. , Minneapolis , said a federal appeals court vacated an earlier summary judgment in its favor . 
Interest income rose 29 % to about $ 1.35 billion from $ 1.05 billion . 
In other words , it was offsetting purchases of marks and yen by buying dollars in the domestic money market . 
In 1988 , the company earned $ 1.38 a share . 
Meanwhile , the New Environmentalists systematically opposed the methods of the Old Environmentalists . 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
Peter Teagan , a specialist in heat transfer , is running a project at Arthur D. Little Inc. , of Cambridge , Mass. , to find alternative technologies that will allow industry to eliminate CFCs . 
A state trial judge in Illinois gave preliminary approval to a proposed settlement of a suit against a Bank of New York Co. unit , Irving Trust Co. , over the interest rates on Irving 's former One Wall Street Account money-market deposit accounts . 
This is no longer true because of Campeau 's massive debt load . 
Ms. Rose , who teaches literature at Wesleyan University , quickly proceeds to overemphasize , claiming that Baker 's dancing `` had uncovered a new region for desire '' and thereby ignoring centuries of tributes to the callipygous . 
A compromise between bulls and bears puts remaining assets and cash -- including its 44 % stake in its publicly traded pipeline -- at $ 2 billion . 
Their other staple has been corporate takeovers , often hostile and financed by junk bonds . 
Disabled Americans have had their civil rights guaranteed in all federally funded programs since Section 504 was passed as a part of the 1973 Rehabilitation Act . 
The Peruvian mineral concern 's $ 251 million claim stems from 1988 jury award in a case stemming from the brothers ' alleged attempts to corner the 1979-80 silver market . 
Now , the 55-year-old car shopper is zeroing in on a full-sized van , figuring that it 's just the thing to haul nine grandchildren and pull a boat at the same time . 
When it owns stocks , Renaissance 's portfolio typically is composed of about 60 large-capitalization issues ; to make buy or sell moves , the firm solicits Wall Street brokerage houses a day or so in advance , looking for the best package price to carry out the trades . 
He said he expects U.S. interest rates to decline , dragging the dollar down to around 1.80 marks by the end of January after a short-lived dash to 1.87 marks by the end of November . 
`` We caught him with his hands on our cookie jar , '' says former CIA Director Stansfield Turner . 
Meanwhile , the National Association of Manufacturers said yesterday a recent poll of 53 executives on its board found that 61 % do n't expect a recession to occur until 1991 or later . 
The Guber-Peters duo have 50 projects in various stages of development and production at Warner , including `` Bonfire of the Vanities '' and `` A Bright Shining Lie . '' 
Ungermann-Bass Inc. has a bigger share of the computer-network market in Japan than at home . 
So it should come as no shock that the profession , if that 's what it is , has attracted a lot of people whose principal talents seem to be frittering away or flat-out stealing their clients ' money . 
It said the sales were part of a 1983 Federal Trade Commission Consent Order . 
In some of the experiments , it killed almost all the infected cells , the researchers said . 
It 's Mike 's challenge as well . '' 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc bond convertible from Nov. 28 , 1989 , to Dec. 20 , 1993 , at a 5 % premium over closing share price Oct. 30 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Japanese and European steelmakers , which have led the recent technology developments , are anxiously awaiting the lifting of trade restraints in 1992 . 
Mr. Cook said that last June , the international executive committes of Deloitte and Touche agreed to a world-wide merger . 
Dragging Prop. 13 into this story is a pretty long stretch . 
Any investor who acquires UAL stock in an attempt to force a buy-out or recapitalization must deal with United 's contentious unions . 
`` This acquisition is another indication of Texaco 's commitment to increase the company 's reserve base , '' said Chief Executive Officer James W. Kinnear . 
`` At some point , if we are unable to cover our leveraged cost -- and at the moment we 're right on it -- we 're going to have to make a move . 
Traders and analysts alike said the market 's surge also reflected an easing of concerns about volatility because of moves by a number of brokerage firms to curtail or cease stock-index arbitrage . 
But James Ireland , a Miami-based technical analyst with Avmark Inc. , an aircraft evaluation firm , estimated the total `` half-life '' value of the 15 planes at about $ 650 million or more . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
His approach to the recantation is direct but low-key . 
Officials also insist Mr. Bush will use the trip to highlight his own initiatives for pushing democracy in the region , fighting illegal drugs and assisting the less developed countries . 
But he also cited concerns over the company 's mortgage exposure in the troubled New England real estate market . 
`` You never know if you 'll be chosen to be the scapegoat or the lucky one . 
`` Thank goodness it 's happening . 
American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. unit said it ceased all index-arbitrage program trading for client accounts . 
In his area , Mr. Lackey continues , the miscreant employers most commonly are in construction -- doing framing , drywall , masonry and similar work . 
Many of the morning-session winners turned out to be losers by afternoon . 
Ing . 
`` At some point , we 're going to need an infusion of funds , '' a person close to the trust says . 
Previously he had said he would be able to find the requisite 60 votes eventually . 
No one else will watch out for you . 
Their `` secret '' is that they gather a small group of advisers around them , listen to what they have to say , prepare a business plan and they are on their way . 
Together , they control nearly 40 % of Turner Broadcasting Systems Inc. ; Tele-Communications has a 21.8 % stake , while Time Warner has a 17.8 % stake . 
Mr. Turner was troubled enough to cancel the U.S. contract with the rent-a-colonel at the beginning of the Carter administration . 
The last Taxpayer Compliance Measurement Program survey covered 1985 returns . 
He said Chrysler `` is no longer sure '' of its forecast for industry car and truck sales of 14.2 million in the 1990 model year . 
$ 200 million of floating-rate notes due November 1994 , paying six-month London interbank offered rate plus 3\/16 point and priced at par via Credit Suisse First Boston Ltd . 
Mr. Baldwin likes the offering . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond fell more than 1\/2 point , or over $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount , while the yield moved above 8 % for the first time since Thursday . 
Well , the arrogant East Coast media have spoken again ( `` Going for the Green , '' editorial , Oct. 17 ) . 
Companies get more political clout plus a possible tax-deductible charitable donation -- so far no word from the IRS on deductibility . 
Digital said a shift in its product mix toward low-end products and strong growth in workstation sales yielded lower gross margins . 
`` I think the people will be judging the regime by a petty policeman , by a corrupt revenue collector . 
Critics of the present arrangement are correct to say that it is undemocratic . 
Philip and Linda move into her mansion and ca n't keep their hands off each other , even in front of the Hawaiian\/Japanese houseman . 
Media General said it has had inquiries from potential buyers and expects to complete a sale in 1989 . 
Mr. Brady hesitantly replied that he was n't sure whether Mr. Greenspan `` made a statement himself , or whether that was a newspaper report . '' 
He retains his titles of president and chief operating officer and succeeds as chief executive Howard O. Painter Jr. , who remains chairman of the board . 
We must not shirk our responsibility and we can not just blame the demonstrators . '' 
Federal Reserve critics used to complain of `` stop and go '' monetary policies . 
Under government regulations , however , foreign ownership of Picop 's equity is limited to 40 % . 
South Korean government officials said they do n't expect that Seoul can loan money to Warsaw , but it can `` offer experience . '' 
The international specialty chemical company 's earnings were hurt by an accrual for stock-appreciation rights that reflected a 19 % increase in the stock price , and higher interest expenses . 
No amount of hype will bring viewers back if the shows are weak . 
Those rights prevent anyone other than Revco from proposing a reorganization plan . 
Proponents of simplification fear that the chances of getting it into the final bill are waning . 
When negotiating , Mr. Corry played his cards close to the vest . 
If Mr. Dozen has a weakness , it may be his golf game . 
Finally , even the time-honored strategy called `` value investing '' no longer means what it once did . 
The discount rate on three-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % , while the rate on six-month Treasury bills was quoted at 7.47 % for a yield of 7.85 % . 
In contrast , the fatality rate in the states that retained the 55 mph limit was 0.9 last year , the same as in 1986 . 
In addition , the agreement calls for Gilbert H. Lamphere , chairman of Prospect Group 's executive committee , to be named chairman of a restructured board that will include four new independent directors . 
And even though employees paid the bill , taxpayers grumbled . 
In addition , once money is raised , investors usually have no way of knowing how it is spent . 
`` There are n't as many economically viable alternatives for real estate developers in this country as 10 years ago , '' says Charles Shaw , a Chicago-based real estate developer . `` 
The U.S. has charged that the Marcoses ' alleged crimes involved bank accounts in the Philippines , Hong Kong , the U.S. and other countries . 
But given the few number of users , the cost to the federal government per passenger is estimated at $ 193 , according to House and Senate appropriations committees . 
It all started with geography . 
Tony Lambert , Mrs. Verne 's successor , says the mint 's losses from the theft run into the hundreds of thousands of francs . 
The government 's 136-page filing covers events leading up to the current case and an earlier indictment in March 1985 , when GE was accused of defrauding the Pentagon by illegally claiming cost overruns on Minuteman missile contracts . 
But efforts have been thwarted by official indifference , bureaucratic resistance , a legal system that operates at a snail 's pace , political opposition and government misjudgments . 
Critics have said the payment looked like an attempt by the Dinkins camp to get Mr. Carson to stop leading confrontational demonstrations protesting the Bensonhurst murder -- protests the campaign may have feared could cause some white voters to turn from a black candidate . 
They also have argued that government proceedings notifying a company of potential responsibility do n't fit the legal definition of a lawsuit ; thus , such governmental proceedings are n't covered by the policies , the insurers say . 
But they never materialized and IMA completed the purchase yesterday . 
As opposed to the $ 1.4 million deficit of the 1987-88 season , the 1988-89 year concluded with a $ 200,000 surplus and a $ 500,000 cash reserve . 
UNITED AIR 'S PARENT quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of the labor-management buy-out , saying UAL should remain independent for now . 
Instead , Mr. Bush and his aides made it clear they respected Congress 's role and felt they could work with the conservative Mr. Boren and the moderate Mr. Cohen to iron out their differences . 
Between 1978 and 1987 , for instance , SH Oil in Winter Haven , Fla. , sold interests in oil wells to a very select group of local residents , while turning away numerous other eager investors . 
The announcement dispelled some Wall Street observers ' fears that New World might demand a huge premium for the delay , or scrap the deal entirely . 
Bank of New York Co. said it agreed in principle to acquire the credit-card business of Houston-based First City Bancorp. of Texas for between $ 130 million and $ 134 million . 
If you assign your income to another , you still have controlled its disposition and enjoyed the fruits of your labor , even if indirectly . 
Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher might , however , be receptive to any request by Jaguar Chairman Sir John Egan for the restriction 's early removal to let GM amass more than 15 % or mount a friendly suitor bid against Ford . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
In some companies middle managers sneak massage therapists into the office , fearful that upper-level executives wo n't approve . 
Sam Ginn , chairman and chief executive officer , told securities analysts in New York that the company expects somewhat slower per-share earnings growth in 1990 , although annual growth should return to the traditional figure of about 7 % thereafter . 
`` The times are my times , '' says Mr. Florio . 
Nearby , six dolphins will frolic in a 1.5 million-gallon saltwater aquarium . 
Budget is set at $ 1.5 million . 
Net fell 1 % to 3.23 billion yen from 3.26 billion yen . 
`` There were some business deals that went bad , '' Mr. Jones says , `` but no intent to defraud . '' 
MCI COMMUNICATIONS Corp. said it filed a shelf registration with the Securities and Exchange Commission for issuance of as much as $ 750 million of debt securities . 
A majority stake in Paxus currently held by NZI Corp. will be diluted to slightly less than 50 % after IBM acquires its interest . 
A Coors spokesman said the company does n't believe the move will further increase William Coors 's influence or reduce the influence of Jeffrey Coors , Peter Coors or Joseph Coors Jr. , who run the company 's three operating units . 
A bankruptcy court hearing is set for Nov. 3 on these accords . 
The office may also be able to advise foreign and multinational clients on international law and general matters . 
`` This is a blow not only to Eastern but to the creditors committee , '' he said . 
That the membership number has even kept close to its 1976 size is the result of the `` graying '' of the church . 
One of the best deals , though , may mean skipping Christmas dinner with the relatives . 
A Scottish dwarf built the small red house 110 years ago and now his demonic ghost haunts it , Mr. Warren says . 
Insisting that they are protected by the Voting Rights Act , a group of whites brought a federal suit in 1987 to demand that the city abandon at-large voting for the nine member City Council and create nine electoral districts , including four safe white districts . 
Mr. Labovitz is president of ODI , a consulting firm in Burlington , Mass . 
A seizure also would make the case the largest -- and one of the first -- in which lawyers ' fees have been confiscated in a prosecution unrelated to drugs . 
Bonds due 1991-1996 carry 6.70 % coupons and bonds due 1997-2000 carry 6 3\/4 % coupons . 
He notes , for instance , that there has n't been a merger or acquisition among the 30 stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average since 1986 , yet that average only three weeks ago hit a record high . 
WHY SHOULD the Japanese cross the Pacific to buy American real estate when they can simply recreate it at home ? 
Time Warner reported a $ 176 million loss for the third quarter , reflecting the cost of the recent merger and a method of accounting for the deal . 
But unlike the Tokyo exchange , they failed to extend the rise to a second session . 
Saab , meanwhile , is left to continue its search for an ally to shore up its sagging car business . 
Great Northern surged 20 1\/8 to 62 7\/8 , well above Georgia-Pacific 's offering price of $ 58 a share , amid speculation that other suitors for the company would surface or that the bid would be raised . 
Activity continued to slow from the hectic pace set during the market 's plunge late Friday and its rebound Monday , as players began to set their sights on events coming later this week . 
A group of shareholders filed suit against Imperial Corp. of America , Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , First Executive Corp. and others , charging them with artificially inflating Imperial 's stock price to protect certain major investors . 
Right away you notice the following things about a Philip Glass concert . 
One price-depressing development was the lower-than-expected increase of only 0.2 % in the consumer price index for September , an analyst said . 
U.S. reserve assets consist of foreign currencies , gold , special drawing rights at the International Monetary Fund and the U.S. reserve position -- its ability to draw foreign currencies -- at the IMF . 
The bribery scheme took place between 1982 and 1985 , according to documents filed by prosecutors in connection with Mr. Lavelle 's guilty plea in federal district court in Alexandria , Va . 
But within the government and in the think tanks outside it , many West Germans maintain that they do n't want immediate reunification . 
However , its equity in the net income of National Steel declined to $ 6.3 million from $ 10.9 million as a result of softer demand and lost orders following prolonged labor talks and a threatened strike . 
`` On the way home , '' his notes recall , `` it took concentrated effort to keep that car pointed south . 
American Express 's profit climbed 21 % in the quarter , aided by a surge in its travel business and despite a big rise in Third World loan reserves . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P , according to the lead underwriter . 
When a stock falls below the put 's strike price , the investor simply sells the stock at a loss and simultaneously sells the put at a profit . 
Then , in 1988 , a proposal to keep better track of income by selling prepaid cards for pachinko was fielded in parliament . 
Senate Republicans have settled on a proposal that would cut the capital-gains tax for individuals and corporations . 
Bankers Trust `` has had the capacity to do this for some time , '' the analyst said . 
Rated Baa-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and triple-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 11\/16 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 7\/16 % six months ; 8 3\/8 % one year . 
A C$ 30-a-share bid by Ciba-Geigy Ltd. , a pharmaceutical company based in Basel , Switzerland , and California-based Chiron Corp. , a bioresearch concern , was extended to Nov. 16 . 
For example , the proposed overhaul of prices -- an extremely sensitive political topic -- is far more precise than the vague plans announced by Mr. Gorbachev in 1987 and later dropped . 
In making polyethylene sheets out of plastic chips , for instance , a chip sometimes does n't melt , gets caught in the machinery and creates a run in the sheets . 
Though obscure to most investors , the question of whether to list options on more than one exchange has aroused much interest in Congress , mainly because regional exchanges fear the change could bankrupt them . 
Businesses across the country are getting fed up with junk mail , and some are saying they just are n't going to take it anymore -- literally . 
The tentative settlement between Gulf Power , a Pensacola , Fla. , electric company , and federal prosecutors would mark the end of one part of a wide-ranging inquiry of Southern Co. in the past year . 
The percent difference compares actual profit with the 30-day estimate where at least three analysts have issues forecasts in the past 30 days . 
London 's Financial Times-Stock Exchange 100-share index fell 27.9 points to 2135.5 . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days. 9.84 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
My kids ' college education looms as perhaps the greatest future opportunity for spending , although I 'll probably have to cash in their toy portfolio to take advantage of it . 
Falcon Holding Group Inc. said it agreed to acquire about 54,000 subscribers from First Carolina Cable TV Limited Partnership for about $ 100 million , or roughly $ 2,000 a subscriber . 
Colgate sold its hospital supply and home health care business last year . 
Despite what some investors are suggesting , the Big Board is n't even considering a total ban on program trading or stock futures , exchange officials said . 
In a statement , Jacques-Francois Martin , director general of Merieux , said the French company is still determined to acquire Connaught . 
The stock split , which is subject to holder approval , would be paid on a still unspecified date in January to holders of record Dec. 21 . 
Establishing these practices would permit earlier identification of emerging financial crises , provide better information for loan sales and budgeting decisions , and reduce fraud . 
`` I accept the resolution of the matter by the Ethics Committee , '' he said . 
If profits do n't improve , Mr. Whitten says he may quit the exchange . 
In the past two months the nation 's 88 junk funds have lost a total of about $ 6 billion -- more than 15 % of assets -- through sales or transfers of junk-fund shares , Dalbar says . 
Mr. Smale said the appointment `` recognizes the growing influence of government on our business . '' 
However , companies with few catastrophe losses this year and already big buyers of reinsurance are likely to see their rates remain flat , or perhaps even decline slightly . 
On Thursday , a day after he took office , East German television broke into regular programming to launch a talk show in which viewers call in questions for a panel of officials to answer . 
Despite sudden changes in the strategic equation , some Western European leaders , especially British Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher , remain skeptical about European political and economic unity , and are unlikely to let East-West concerns change their minds . 
`` Under the best circumstances such tests are subjective ; when a patient is unconscious , they do n't work at all . 
For many , it began to look like a replay of Oct. 13 . 
And it 's way above the ratio ( 7.5 times cash flow ) that bigger companies are selling for . 
Its Houston work force now totals 230 . 
Most of the 300 employees at the oil company 's midtown headquarters building -- including much of senior management -- were unaware of the plan until informed at a morning meeting by Chairman Lawrence G. Rawl . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Falcon closed at $ 20 , unchanged . 
The average six-month CD in that category added 0.05 percentage point to 8.35 % , for example . 
He shut down the company 's tony New York headquarters . 
Revenue rose 12 % to $ 4.75 billion from $ 4.22 billion . 
For the six months ended June 30 , it earned $ 3.1 million , or 61 cents a share , compared with net income of $ 2.4 million , or 41 cents a share , a year earlier . 
But most U.S. insurers have n't rushed to change the way they do business in Europe because they believe the European market will still be dominated by a handful of domestic companies . 
`` I can do five things at once -- to be a businessman . '' 
It has n't helped that he 's waffled on abortion and gay rights , sought the support of both the Liberal and Conservative parties ( he won the Liberal endorsement ) and that he turned to comedian Jackie Mason for help with Jewish voters . 
Inmac recently disclosed a $ 12.3 million write-off related to a corporate restructuring that resulted in the company 's posting a $ 6.4 million net loss for the year ended July 29 , compared with year-earlier profit of $ 9.7 million , or $ 1.02 a share . 
The 150,000-square-foot plant will be constructed on a 55-acre site near Dublin . 
Most important , experts say , is to show that a company 's ethical tone is set at the top . 
Much like their cohorts in political consulting and product marketing , the litigation advisers encourage their clients to play down complex or ambiguous matters , simplify their messages and provide their target audiences with a psychological craving to make the desired choice . 
But it does n't always work so smoothly . 
`` As far as the FAA is concerned , '' says Matt Finucane , air safety director at the Association of Flight Attendants , `` flight attendants can work an unlimited number of hours . '' 
In Honduras , where the Contras are a hot political issue , he promised to help unblock some $ 70 million in assistance withheld due to the failure of local agencies to comply with conditions agreed upon with Washington . 
All other countries registered support below 50 % . 
Muni bond holders are worried about the impact of a slowing economy on tax revenue , at a time when many state and local governments already face budget deficits and huge spending needs . 
Inco closed at $ 31.125 a share , down 62.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
IBM , based in Armonk , N.Y. , has dominated the market for decades . 
Sales gained 16 % to $ 1.03 billion from $ 894 million . 
Nevertheless , Rep. Gerry Studds of Massachusetts was handily re-elected because of the candor with which he handled revelations that he had sex with a male congressional page in 1983 . 
Manufacturers have already spent so heavily on automation that they are one of the computer industry 's leading revenue sources . 
$ 2,057,750,000 . 
The issue is backed by Freddie Mac 8 1\/2 % securities . 
THE IRS WILL PAY if its error burdens you with bank charges . 
The statement is likely to sharpen the debate within France 's military establishment over the Rafale , which is made by Avions Marcel Dassault-Breguet Aviation SA . 
The hall 's few computers are used mostly to send messages . 
In the late 1960s she designed a lightweight stretch bra that boosted sales . 
The CBOE opened for business on April 26 , 1973 , in what had been a Board of Trade lunchroom . 
The filing in bankruptcy court here follows a string of quarterly losses and product glitches for the maker of harddisk drives for minicomputers and microcomputers . 
Mitchell will get a half-interest in the oil . 
Israel has been accused in the past of using subterfuge to seek elements needed to develop nuclear weapons . 
Nellcor , a maker of electronic patient monitoring systems , was up 3\/4 to 16 7\/8 on 258,000 shares yesterday , while retailing issue Office Club was unchanged at 10 3\/4 on 65,200 shares . 
`` Quality junk bonds will continue to trade well , '' says Michael Holland , chairman of Salomon Brothers Asset Management Inc . 
Some would make even James Bond green with envy . 
Miami Lakes , Fla . 
With the Hewlett-Packard program , he said , `` You get more bang for the buck you 've spent on computers . '' 
Money manager Robert Ross , head of Duncan Ross Associates Ltd. in Vancouver , British Columbia , says stocks would have to fall 15 % to 20 % before they are competitive with less risky investment alternatives . 
The charge did n't affect net for the quarter as it was offset by tax benefits . 
Excluding tax credits , profit was 6 % below the second quarter . 
`` When the economy loses a big portion of its work force that also happens to include its most productive members , economic growth is bound to be affected , '' says Anthong Wong , an economist with Hang Seng Bank . 
For any given move in the overall market , it suggests how steeply that particular issue might rise or fall . 
To reinforce employees ' dedication , Mr. Smith pays well . 
Unisys , whose revenue inched up 3.7 % in the quarter to $ 2.35 billion from $ 2.27 billion in the year-earlier quarter , had an operating loss of about $ 30 million . 
Both also will inspect and replace , if necessary , oil filters and oil strainers , at no charge to owners . 
At EDS , third-quarter profit jumped 16 % to a record $ 110.9 million , or 93 cents a share , from $ 95.9 million , or 79 cents a share . 
It instructs a broker to buy or sell an investment at the specified price or better . 
However , several people said that British Air might yet rejoin the bidding group and that the carrier made the statement to answer questions from British regulators about how it plans to use proceeds of a securities offering previously earmarked for the UAL buy-out . 
And there has been a drastic decline in the importance of unincorporated business assets -- thanks to industry consolidation and a decline in family farms . 
Mr. Nazer , the Saudi oil minister , reiterated here that the kingdom would insist on maintaining its percentage share of OPEC production under any quota revisions . 
: American Suzuki Motor Corp. , Brea , Calif. , awarded its estimated $ 10 million to $ 30 million account to Asher\/Gould , Los Angeles . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.49 % 30 days ; 8.44 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.12 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
He was succeeded by internal-security chief Egon Krenz , 52 , a hard-liner who quickly ruled out any sharing of power with pro-democracy groups . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.53 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.30 % six months . 
Despite continuing troubles with problem properties and nonperforming loans , the Dallas trust said it has rebuilt reserves , abandoned properties with little potential and experienced improved operating results from joint ventures . 
Except for insurance , however , ITT said it expects improved operating earnings `` in all of our businesses for the full year . '' 
They 'd like to see some other names in their portfolios , '' said Michael S. Appelbaum , first vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton . 
`` That 's what they 're after . '' 
`` This technique is applicable to a wide variety of crops , '' he said , and added that some modifications may be necessary to accommodate the peculiarities of each type of crop . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
The humanitarian assistance , which pays for supplies such as food and clothing for the rebels amassed along the Nicaraguan border with Honduras , replaced the military aid cut off by Congress in February 1988 . 
But it would be ironic if Germany 's reunification , just like its division , eventually were the result of actions in centers of power other than Bonn and Berlin . 
The centers comprise a total of about 1.6 million square feet of retail space . 
`` Insurance companies will foot a substantial amount of the bill to reconstruct San Francisco , '' said Charles Lieberman , chief economist at Manufacturers Hanover Securities Corp . 
In a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission , the majority holder of Manville acknowledged that the cash portion of its initial funding of $ 765 million will be depleted next year , and that alternative sources of funds will be necessary to meet its obligations . 
The asset shrinkage was particularly concentrated in several large California institutions . 
But most experts agree that the concept that is to be introduced drags in great complexity ; they have been trying to head it off this year . 
Carnegie Mellon , though , says some students conclude they can help their careers most by hitting the books : `` They 're opting to build their resumes through good grades and leadership roles in fraternities . '' 
Prudential Insurance is based in Newark , N.J . 
`` Get caught and you 're dead in the water , '' says Mr. Thal . 
A program-bashing move is clearly on . 
There is such a maze of federal , state and local codes that `` building inspectors are backing away from interpreting them , '' Mr. Dooling says . 
Dravo rose 5\/8 to 16 1\/8 . 
A stronger U.S. dollar reduced third-quarter and first-nine-month sales growth 2 % and 3 % , respectively . 
It has to be engineered over and over again , month after month . 
And Bobby Thomson was made a legend . 
Soon the whole purpose of the demonstration is lost in mob mania . 
Mr. Baker promises to return if the haunting continues . 
The dealer said the quantity mentioned in the Japanese announcement is so small that it 's meaningless . 
GE 's Kidder Peabody unit said it would stop doing stock-index arbitrage for its own account , while Merrill Lynch said it was halting such trading entirely . 
Intel said that last week a customer discovered two flaws in its 80486 microprocessor chip 's `` floating-point unit '' , a set of circuits that do certain calculations . 
To meet the U.S. criteria , Israel contended it only listed incidents that involved civilians and occurred inside its pre-1967 borders . 
Mr. Hastings 's case was particularly nettlesome because it marked the first time a federal official was impeached and removed from office on charges of which a jury had acquitted him . 
Total assets slipped to $ 31.4 billion , from $ 32 billion as of June 30 . 
While people within Daiwa , particularly internationalists , expected that Mr. Dozen , 52 , would eventually become Daiwa 's president , the speed of his promotion surprised many . 
My questions on this subject at a recent meeting at the World Resources Institute with representatives of the National Resource Development Commission , the Environmental Protection Agency , Friends of the Earth , etc. were greeted with derision and some mumbled comments about that report being discredited . 
If housing prices continue to fall , many borrowers would be better off walking away from their homes and leaving taxpayers with the losses . 
The average maturity of the funds tracked by IBC\/Donoghue 's remained at 38 days for the third consecutive week . 
The 200,000 shares are about 23 % of Interferon 's common shares outstanding , excluding National Patent 's stake . 
A successful low-crime mall in a high-crime area violates the more typical inner-city pattern , in which commercial areas are taken over by unruly youth , gangs , and the criminal element , with an erosion of the customer base , development capital , and insurability . 
Estimates of damage in the six-county San Francisco Bay area neared $ 5 billion , excluding the cost of repairing the region 's transportation system . 
The staff brags about psyllium 's hefty contribution to American regularity , without quite grasping the implications of the research on cholesterol . 
The Internal Revenue Service plans to restructure itself more like a private corporation . 
Summarizing data derived from a March 1989 survey of 58,000 households , William Butz , associate director of the Census Bureau , said that `` most groups either stayed the same or improved . '' 
`` Pickin ' one or two , '' says the guide , chuckling . 
For the survey , Peter D. Hart Research Associates and the Roper Organization each asked about 2,000 U.S. consumers about their buying habits . 
The statistical bureau 's report , cited in China Daily , notes that industrial output in September totaled $ 29.4 billion , a rise of just 0.9 % from a year earlier . 
That Moscow , with its dilapidated economic machine , would try to sell high technology to Japan , one of the world 's high-tech leaders , sounds like a coals-to-Newcastle notion . 
And in most cases , a huge hunk of your premium in the initial year or two of the the policy is , in effect , paying the salesman 's commission as well ; investment returns on most policies are actually negative for several years , largely because of this . 
Short-term rates increased . 
Proceeds from the offering are expected to be used for remodeling the company 's Desert Inn resort in Las Vegas , refurbishing certain aircraft of the MGM Grand Air unit , and to acquire the property for the new resort . 
Owning the Cowboys has bought him entree to a glitzy life that drilling for oil in Arkansas just did n't provide . 
Among major issues , Government National Mortgage Association 9 % securities for November delivery ended at 98 12\/32 , down 8\/32 point for a yield of about 9.35 % to a 12-year average life assumption . 
Overall , Saab-Scania 's pretax profit during the first eight months of the year plunged 48.9 % to 1 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 155.1 million ) from 1.96 billion kronor ( $ 303.9 million ) a year earlier . 
The comptroller and auditor-general of India reports serious lapses in the government 's technical and financial evaluation of the Bofors deal . 
`` Bertie , '' she said , `` Happy 50th Birthday . 
Mr. Turner said the test initially will be used in conjunction with biopsies and other tests , but eventually might become the benchmark for tumor analysis . 
Dresdner Bank this month moved to acquire Banque Internationale des Placements , a small French merchant bank that Deutsche Bank had looked at and passed over . 
Our heavy users consume two to three cans of soup a week , and we 'd like to increase that . '' 
Transportation costs actually fell 0.5 % , and housing costs gained only 0.1 % . 
Here in the Global Village , though , folks do not stay uninformed for long . 
Yesterday 's buyers favored real estate , construction and other large-capitalization issues , reflecting the fact that many Tokyo investors now feel safer with domestically oriented stocks , analysts said . 
Some experts say markets are n't as volatile as widely assumed . 
Meanwhile , a woman sitting next to a new Fujitsu terminal writes stock-market information on a chart with a pencil and adds it up with a hand calculator . 
Mr. Mitchell 's first victory came last week , when the Senate passed a deficit-reduction bill that did n't contain a capital-gains provision . 
The current ceiling on home loans insured by the Federal Housing Administration would be increased to $ 124,875 , and the bill gives the Department of Housing and Urban Development new authority to facilitate the refinancing of subsidized loans for low-income homeowners . 
David Wyss , chief financial economist at Data Resources Inc. , Boston , said that the purchasers ' index `` does miss occasionally , '' adding : `` When it misses one month it tends to miss the next month , too . '' 
The implication is that your permanent-insurance policy is really some kind of CD or mutual-fund account with an added feature . 
Although Section 2 of the act expressly disclaims requiring that minorities win a proportional share of elective offices , few municipal and state government plans achieve preclearance by the Justice Department or survive the scrutiny of the lower federal courts unless they carve out as many solidly minority districts as possible . 
In response to questions after the annual meeting , Mr. Miller said the company is no longer looking for an equity investor . 
It provides some people a needed sense of affiliation and can help open up a conversation with someone you do n't know . '' 
The Division expects that the prosecutor will announce these principles either at the time the indictment is returned or , at the latest , at the first proceeding before the court concerning the TRO . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.50 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.16 % 120 days ; 8.05 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days . 
By starving the peasant , the Communists have starved Poland . 
SIBV-MS Holdings is a new company jointly owned by an affiliate of Jefferson Smurfit and a Morgan Stanley limited partnership . 
Seeking a middle path between opponents of change and radicals who demand overnight solutions , the article advocates what it calls a `` radical-moderate approach . '' 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
Analysts ' expectations suggest a September current account deficit of # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.54 billion ) , compared with August 's # 2.0 billion deficit . 
Cray Research Inc. forecast that 1990 will be a no-growth year for its supercomputer line . 
A spokesman said herbicide use in some areas of the U.S. was delayed earlier in the year by heavy rains , thus increasing sales in the third quarter . 
Common shares outstanding : 49 million 
`` We 've kind of settled now into an interest-rate environment that 's fairly high . '' 
Both Shearson 's Mr . Will and Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at the London brokerage firm UBS-Phillips & Drew , recently switched their Jaguar recommendations to hold from buy . 
You might call it a leitmotif or a virtuoso accomplishment . 
British customs officers said they 'd arrested eight men sneaking 111 rare snakes into Britain -- including one man who strapped a pair of boa constrictors under his armpits . 
Ashland had a loss . 
But an unexpected deviation either way could roil bond and currency markets . 
Some investment advisers are suggesting , in effect , a bet on a start-up investment pool -- maybe even on margin . 
Earlier this week , a Fifth Circuit appellate panel upheld Judge Maloney 's dismissal of Mr. Gaubert 's claim as a shareholder but said the judge should reconsider Mr. Gaubert 's claim for the loss of his property . 
Operating profit at Colgate 's U.S. household products and personal-care businesses jumped 25 % in the quarter , Mr. Mark added . 
The missing watch is emblematic of the problems Mr. Wathen encountered in building his closely held California Plant Protection Security Service into the largest detective and security agency in the U.S. through acquisitions . 
Of Bechtel 's 17,500 employees , about 4,000 work in San Francisco -- one-third of them commuting from stricken East Bay . 
As a result , they often speak one language at home , another at school . 
Lyondell Petrochemical Co. said third-quarter net income fell 54 % , to $ 73 million , or 91 cents a share , from $ 160 million a year earlier . 
Revenue rose 5 % to $ 110.4 million from $ 105.4 million . 
Bank it ? 
Any major attempt to revamp the health-care system is likely to trigger opposition from politically powerful interest groups , particularly the American Medical Association , and perhaps from the public as well , if Congress takes steps that patients fear will limit the availability of care . 
What part did U.S. warnings play in the major 's unwillingness to pull the trigger when he had General Noriega in custody , but was under attack by pro-Noriega troops ? 
In another experiment , an elaborate chart with color codes reveals how people 's opinions were shaped -- and how they can be reshaped . 
MCA Inc. said third-quarter net fell 6.3 % to $ 50.8 million , or 69 cents a share , from $ 54.3 million , or 74 cents a share , a year earlier . 
AC&R ADVERTISING : 
To strengthen its capital base , Banco Exterior this year issued $ 105 million in subordinated debt , launched two rights issues and sold stock held in its treasury to small investors . 
As a result , Japanese investors steered clear of the mortgage securities . 
LIN Broadcasting slid 1 3\/8 to 108 3\/4 , despite reporting third-quarter net of 46 cents a share , up from 39 cents the previous year . 
But they are also talking about new magazines . 
Maybe he thinks they should also sell to the highest bidder . 
There are $ 46,245,000 of 7 % term bonds due 2009 , priced at 97 7\/8 to yield 7.20 % , and $ 64.9 million of 7.1 % term bonds due 2016 , priced at 98 1\/4 to yield 7.25 % . 
( The official asked not to be named . ) 
It has a long shelf life and `` does n't fool the public , '' says Grady Auvil , an Orondo , Wash. , grower who is planting Fujis and spreading the good word about them . 
Third-quarter spreads widened to the highest level in two years as loan portfolio yields rose and money costs declined , the company said . 
Intelogic Trace , a computer services company , was spun off to Datapoint holders in 1985 , after Mr. Edelman gained control . 
Sales rose to $ 8.19 billion from $ 7.65 billion . 
While this indicates continued strong demand for the company 's desk-top computers , Sun faces increasing competition from Digital Equipment Corp. and Hewlett-Packard Co . 
He and a Dartmouth roommate established a company that restored three hydroelectric power plants in Vermont . 
Although that may sound like an arcane maneuver of little interest outside Washington , it would set off a political earthquake . 
None of these chief executives were available for comment . 
Among other happy news bulletins from the German Democratic Republic , the Leipzig Museum of Fine Arts announced that it has recovered `` Cemetery in the Snow , '' a painting by the German Romantic painter Caspar David Friedrich . 
In many cases the costs claimed were so high that only a dribble of cash was left for the purported beneficiaries . 
The price level in the U.S. is now about 4 1\/4 times as high as it was 30 years ago . 
At that point domestic sales will slow down , '' says Kim Yoon Kwon , director of marketing for Daewoo Motor . 
Public-works and utility projects , also known as non-building contracting , grew 18 % to $ 52.2 billion in September , but the nine-month total of $ 36.9 billion was down 3 % from a year earlier . 
Also , the new stirrings are faint , and some question their extent . 
Still , even the title raises questions about the author 's vision of her subject . 
A four-stock portfolio is still exposed to a great deal of unnecessary risk . 
The key issue in the case , which the law firm is handling without a fee , or pro bono , is whether a person sentenced to death can voluntarily waive his rights of appellate review . 
They got a small piece of the net profits and a screen credit '' as executive producers . 
Capital Holding Corp. said it requested and received the resignation of John A. Franco , its vice chairman , as an officer and a director of the life insurance holding company . 
For a few days at least , he says , no pictures or drawings of any kind will adorn the columns . 
`` I was not pleased with the slow start , and neither was NBC News , '' said Guy Hempel , general manager of NBC affiliate WAVE in Louisville , Ky . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- 
Some drill-bit prices have risen 5 % in the past month . 
PWA 's long-term debt and capital lease obligations rose to C$ 1.24 billion at the end of the second quarter , nearly double the year-earlier figure , reflecting debt absorbed under the Wardair purchase . 
Leonard Matthews , then-president of the American Association of Advertising Agencies , called Mr. Achenbaum a `` quisling '' in an incendiary 1987 speech . 
The company said the court has indicated it will make a decision on or about Nov. 27 . 
New Canaan Investments Inc. said it closed the acquisition of Carr-Lowrey Glass Co. from Newell Co. , a Freeport , Ill. , maker of do-it-yourself home products . 
The company , which reported that its loss for the fiscal quarter ended Aug. 26 widened from a year earlier , cut its semiannual dividend in half in response to the earnings weakness . 
Your coaches demand a lot more out of you even though some of them are not willing to take the time to watch you progress . 
Still , the restaurant 's ever-changing menu of five-course dinners -- it supposedly has n't repeated a meal since opening in 1971 -- requires constant improvisation . 
But many individual investors are leery about stocks because of fresh signs of fragility in the huge junk-bond market . 
BroadBeach Associates Inc. , the Los Angeles investment partnership whose $ 62-a-share bid for McGill Manufacturing Co. was topped recently by a competing offer from a Swedish concern , disclosed that it sold its entire 7 % McGill stake . 
The company will notify holders of the notes to be redeemed . 
Though imports were troublesome , they were n't running away with the market , and American companies had high hopes that steel import quotas would be extended for another five years . 
The censorship is enforced through terrorism and assassination . 
In 1986 the New York attorney general 's office got an order from a state court in Albany shutting down First Meridian Corp. , an Albany financial-planning firm that had invested $ 55 million on behalf of nearly 1,000 investors . 
Rep. Edwards , the California Democrat , is one who pledges that he would immediately challenge Mr. Bush in the courts , arguing a line-item veto would expand a president 's powers far beyond anything the framers of the Constitution had in mind . 
Airborne Freight climbed 1 1\/8 to 38 1\/2 . 
The plant builds chassis for recreational vehicles and about 450 workers will be affected by the closing . 
The less-rigorous Senate version would defer the deductibility for roughly five years . 
The California pension fund 's planned investment in the real estate unit is unusual . 
The company focuses on the how-to aspects , says Andrew E. Philip , president . 
Its best hope of acceptance by its neighbours lies in reaching a settlement with the Palestinians . 
Many Americans still agonize over their own personal feelings about abortion . 
David Owen , U.K. economist with Kleinwort Benson Group , reduced his growth forecast for 1990 to 0.7 % from 1.2 % and termed the risk of recession next year `` quite high . '' 
In the year-ago quarter , the company reported earnings of $ 2.2 million , or 35 cents a share . 
Now , television and radio evangelists are under scrutiny . 
By 1961 , Mr. Mahfouz 's idealism had vanished or become twisted , as it has in Said . 
There was also a decline in the group 's net financial costs to 25 million francs from 50 million a year before . 
The Lone Star Steel lawsuit also asks the court to rule that Lone Star Technologies is jointly responsible for a $ 4.5 million Lone Star Steel pension payment that was due , but was n't paid , in September and that the parent company ca n't recover the amount from its subsidiary if the parent company makes the payment . 
Ms. Waleson is a free-lance writer based in New York . 
Mr. Calloway also noted that soft-drink volume rose a hefty 9 % in last year 's third quarter , making the comparison more difficult . 
The conference was jointly sponsored by the New York Institute of Technology School of Management and the Armed Forces Communications and Electronics Association , a joint industry-government trade group . 
A manager should not have to rebut the opinions of his employees about the style of his management . 
Mr. Ross , in his own affidavit , says he and Mr. Daly instructed Mr. Semel to tell the producers Warner would n't terminate their agreement . 
Viewers may not be cheering , either . 
One big factor affecting the fiscal second half will be the new stewardship of Edwin L. Artzt , who becomes chairman and chief executive officer in January . 
Peter Lieb , the assistant U.S. attorney prosecuting the case , declined to comment on the trial . 
The consensus view on September leading indicators calls for a gain of 0.3 % , the same as in August . 
Under terms of the stock , the Yukon ESOP can demand that the stock be redeemed for $ 4,090,000 on Nov. 30 , but NBI said it is legally prohibited from making the redemption . 
The intruder , among the broadest yet to hit a research network , appeared to affect only Digital Equipment Corp. hardware that uses Digital 's VAX\/VMS operating system . 
In 1974 , as the U.S. representative to the United Nations , he wrote an introduction to a book on world population in which he boasted of his leadership during his term in Congress in expanding family-planning services for the poor . 
Nuovo Banco will become Italy 's biggest private-sector bank when it completes its scheduled merger with Banca Cattolica del Venetoen by year end . 
On Manic Monday , the volume of German shares traded in London more than tripled to 2.2 million , and the volume of French shares rose 48 % . 
New York City bonds have been beaten down for three straight weeks . 
Mr. Bullock said the British firm has used the name `` Deloitte '' since 1845 . 
While the company said chemical margins continued to worsen this quarter , costs will be lower because the maintenance and expansions are complete . 
Source : Fulton Prebon ( U.S.A . ) Inc . 
How deeply do they read it ? 
McCaw is offering to buy 22 million shares of LIN for $ 125 each in cash , which would result in McCaw owning 50.3 % of the cellular-phone and broadcasting concern . 
Eighty-three years ago , William James wrote to H.G. Wells : `` The moral flabbiness born of the exclusive worship of the bitch goddess success ... that , with the squalid cash interpretation put on the word success , is our national disease . '' 
Sansui , he said , is a perfect fit for Polly Peck 's electronics operations , which make televisions , videocassette recorders , microwaves and other products on an `` original equipment maker '' basis for sale under other companies ' brand names . 
It started with improvements in hygiene made possible by affordable soap and washable underwear during the Industrial Revolution . 
Bond prices were barely higher . 
First Union , with assets of about $ 32 billion , said it was disappointed by the delay but said it would cooperate with regulatory authorities . 
The city 's recovery from the earthquake was uneven . 
He said Hydro-Quebec already has some `` customers in mind '' for the power that was to be delivered to Maine . 
We lost our chance to communicate with sweet-natured visitors `` about four feet tall { who } looked as though they were made of puffed-up marshmallow . '' 
That Stevens himself is not grotesque or repellent , but funny and sad and enlightening , is entirely the author 's triumph . 
NBC Productions or NBC News could supply the network with other Saturday morning shows , a move that would control costs . 
`` How can it make available funds for purchases ? '' 
With National Institute of Justice support , the Minneapolis police and the Crime Control Institute are currently testing the effects of such a strategy , comparing its deterrence value with traditional random patrols . 
If nobody buys , I bring my prices down . 
Clarcor said it is inviting proposals from other prospective purchasers of the unit . 
For the record , Jeffrey Kaufman , an attorney for Fireman 's Fund , said he was `` rattled -- both literally and figuratively . '' 
In New York Stock Exchange trading , Southern Co. rose 50 cents a share to $ 27.125 . 
Mr. Fabi would n't say directly whether Mr. Pattison has disclosed potential terms for his planned bid for control . 
In recent years , Mrs. Thi has started to diversify the company , taking a 20 % stake in newly established , partly private Industrial and Commercial Bank , and setting up Saigon Petro , which owns and operates Vietnam 's first oil refinery . 
Yet , the unassuming Mr. Corry helped chart USX 's transition from Big Steel to Big Oil . 
CBS pursues top sports `` to belie the fact that they are n't supporting affiliates , viewers and advertisers , '' charges Thomas H. Wyman , who was ousted as chairman of CBS Inc. after Laurence A. Tisch bought a 24.9 % stake in the company and took over three years ago . 
The new instrument also introduced many to the industry -- 30 % of fund owners ( there are more than 54 million accounts ) started with a money fund . 
Most balloonists seldom go higher than 2,000 feet and most average a leisurely 5-10 miles an hour . 
When the shah died , President Carter was so scared that the shah 's ghost would blame him for shoving him out to make way for the ayatollah that he declared the Carter Doctrine . 
A spokesman for Hallwood said the 12 limited partnerships , which were marketed by brokerage firms and financial planners between 1979 and 1984 , raised several hundred million dollars from investors . 
The issue has been simmering for years . 
Offsetting the lower stake in Lyondell were higher crude oil prices , increased natural gas volumes and higher coke prices , the company said . 
Moreover , and here Judge Oakes went to the heart of the question , `` Responsible biographers and historians constantly use primary sources , letters , diaries , and memoranda . 
Keep in mind that this is the same movie in which a character is flattened by a steamroller only to pop right back up and peer in the window of a Boeing 747 -- from the outside -- as it takes off . 
In July unfilled orders grew 1 % . 
That means investors have to focus on the quality of the debt that lies beneath the securities , as well as on the credit enhancement for the issue and the credit ratings the issue has received . 
And you can look to the leadership and ask them why that is the perception of the American people . '' 
In late afternoon New York trading yesterday , the dollar stood at 1.8415 West German marks , up from 1.8340 marks late Monday , and at 142.85 yen , up from 141.90 yen late Monday . 
In the third quarter , wages and salaries in all private industry rose 1.2 % , compared with 1 % increases in both the second quarter and in the third quarter of 1988 . 
The common proposals for reforming the Fed would only make the situation worse , if they had any effect at all . 
Today 's most widely used data-storing chips have `` volatile '' memories -- their data disappear if they are n't fed a steady diet of electricity , so they need external power supplies . 
`` We 've finally been able to convince them that Casey and { Oliver } North do n't work here anymore , '' says one administration official . 
Truckers are `` trying to send signals that they need to stop the bloodletting , forget about market share and go for higher rates , '' said Michael Lloyd , an analyst at Salomon Bros . 
Their proclaimed purpose is to cleanse East Germany of its Stalinist muck , not to merge with the West . 
FORMER APPLE COMPUTER Inc. general counsel John P. Karalis has joined the Phoenix , Ariz. , law firm of Brown & Bain . 
By early May , Moscow had delivered , for example , 1,000 trucks , about 100 tanks , artillery and hundreds of other combat vehicles . 
Long-term Treasury issues declined about half a point , or $ 5 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
The latest figures compare with July 's 4.5 % month-to-month rise and 11.3 % year-to-year fall . 
About 45 % of requests for SBA relief loans , which also are available to homeowners , come from small businesses , compared with a 25 % business share after most disasters . 
Other gainers were companies with one or more undamaged California refineries . 
Jutting out just to the north of us is the Blackjack Peninsula ( after the oak , not the game ) which forms the core of the Aransas Wildlife Refuge . 
In an invention that drives Verdi purists bananas , Violetta lies dying in bed during the prelude , rising deliriously when then she remembers the great parties she used to throw . 
-- Sophomore football player . 
In a move that complements the company 's basic strategy , its Westmoreland Energy Inc. unit is developing four coal-fired cogeneration plants with a partner in Virginia . 
Fujisawa added 80 to 2,010 and Mochida advanced 230 to 4,400 . 
`` We have to clear up these issues and find out what is present that is creating artificial volatility , '' Mr. Fisher said . 
It said it does n't anticipate any loss of principal on two of the loans , comprising $ 85 million of these credits . 
`` From a public health point of view we 're relieved because hepatitis A is rarely life-threatening , '' said Dr. Frank Provato , GTE 's medical director . 
`` The best thing you can do is get off the screen , '' says Mr. Buchwald . 
Douglas B. Evans 
It is not surprising that parents find this romantic extravagance so attractive . 
But the concept of disproportionate quotas for those with unused capacity , advanced there in an Iranian proposal , was generally endorsed by the ministers . 
At the 1988 GOP convention , abortion was barely discussed at all , though delegates were evenly divided on the question of an anti-abortion constitutional amendment . 
Seasonally adjusted figures for August were n't available because of a recent strike that has disrupted the ministry 's data collection . 
Stock-fund managers , meantime , went into October with less cash on hand than they held earlier this year . 
Many farmers used the jump in prices to sell their recently harvested crop to grain elevator companies . 
At current market prices , the twin public offerings to be completed next year would add an estimated 2.5 billion Swedish kronor ( $ 386 million ) to Trelleborg 's coffers , analysts say . 
Loan guarantees do n't appear at all until the borrower defaults , so new guarantees do not raise the deficit , even though they create future liabilities for the government . 
London has concluded that Austrian President Waldheim was n't responsible for the execution of six British commandos in World War II , although he probably was aware of the slayings . 
`` I like to use them to feel out the market , '' he says . 
Because patients require less attention from nurses and other staff , room charges are lower -- about $ 100 less per day than a regular room at the Vermont hospital . 
William Morrissey , 44 , was named executive vice president , world-wide director of McCann Direct , the direct marketing unit of Interpublic Group 's McCann-Erickson agency . 
But if , as many now fear , Waertsilae Marine joins the ranks of failed shipyards it might turn out to be remembered most as a blemish on Finland 's international reputation . 
In fact , it was up 24 . 
Such buyers must have a minimum net worth of $ 1 million , $ 200,000 annual income , or recent experience in the business area of the franchise being sold . 
But vendors contend that they ca n't control how their products are used . 
Analysts and competitors said the move reflects a growing need by the stores to expand their customer base beyond the traditional blue-collar worker who pops into a convenience store for a sandwich , cigarettes , soda or beer . 
Northeast Utilities raised its bid for Public Service Co. of New Hampshire , which is operating under Bankruptcy Code protection , to $ 2.25 billion from $ 1.85 billion . 
These firms , which often have acquired a local brokerage firm , are calling the shots when it comes to deciding in which market to transact a trade . 
`` I still think we will have a 3000 Dow , whether it 's six months or 12 months from now I do n't know , '' says David Dreman , managing partner of Dreman Value Management in New York . 
Manville said the shares issued to the trust were intended to be sold , as needed , and that Manville has the right of first refusal to buy those shares . 
The big problem for Daewoo , which holds about 21 % of the market , is the long series of labor disruptions it suffered this year . 
As for GM , its `` fallback position has to be a full bid itself , '' said Stephen Reitman , European auto-industry analyst at London brokers UBS-Phillips & Drew . 
It is n't that major steelmakers have blithely ignored high technology . 
Thomas V. Reese Sr . Maui Banana Co . 
`` It may take five years to break even in Japan , '' says John A. Siniscal , who runs the Asia-Pacific office for McCormack & Dodge , a U.S. software company . 
Those bills ca n't easily be vetoed in their entirety because they often are needed to keep the government operating . 
To start , there 's always a crisis -- and someone always worries , `` What if the press gets a hold of this ? '' 
In addition , British Air officially withdrew its support for the previous $ 300-a-share bid in a terse statement that said `` the original deal is closed . '' 
Employers Casualty had a loss of $ 3.6 million in the year-earlier quarter . 
As for 1990 , the firm predicts that profit will slip to between $ 1 billion and $ 1.5 billion . 
But the Americans are also to blame . 
`` It 's important to gain leadership , '' a Toshiba spokesman says . 
When Dreyfus started the first advertising-backed retail fund in February 1974 , it was priced at $ 10 a share ( and reached $ 1 billion in assets in one year . ) 
The exchange argues that the product , which the SEC temporarily approved yesterday , will help ease rather than worsen any volatility in the stock market . 
In fact , without Wall Street firms trading for their own accounts , the stock-index arbitrage trading opportunities for the big funds may be all the more abundant . 
Separately , the commission intervened in a Connecticut state judge 's age-bias suit in federal court in New Haven . 
Fox Broadcasting experimented with this concept last year when viewers of `` Married ... With Children '' voted on whether Al should say `` I love you '' to Peg on Valentine 's Day . 
Robert Delaney , a consultant at Arthur D. Little Inc. , Cambridge , Mass. , said `` We 've gotten all the benefits of deregulation in freight-cost reductions . 
Judge Albert Green , in Cook County Circuit Court in Chicago , also recognized the suit , filed last May by Robert and Cynthia Langendorf , as a class action covering thousands of Irving customers . 
The numbers suggest that the housing industry is still suffering the effects of the Federal Reserve 's battle against inflation . 
Moreover , he said , technology now exists for stealing corporate secrets after they 've been `` erased '' from a computer 's memory . 
At the weatherbeaten Pompano Beach municipal stadium , Mr. Blair , the 45-year-old former Oriole , knows his power is n't what it used to be . 
They succeed Robert W. Kasten and John R. Parker , who reached the mandatory retirement age . 
Why should they have to co-exist with opportunists rushing in to turn a quick profit ? 
An important element of this phenomenon -- the now-shaky market for junk bonds , used often to finance restructurings and takeovers -- continued to cast a pall over stocks . 
`` We saw good retail demand by small banks , individuals and institutions and that is one reason why the market advanced '' late in the day , said Sung Won Sohn , senior vice president and chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis . 
For such businessmen , the Canadian government is organizing 55 missions this year to U.S. states bordering on Canada . 
Nissan aims to expand its 25 % share of the market to 30 % by spending $ 141 million on a plant in southern Japan that could make as many as 240,000 cars a year . 
The department also said it seeks `` three times the government 's damages , which are presently undetermined , plus penalties . '' 
In addition , a second Part B premium to cover the cost of the new program of insurance against catastrophic illness will rise to $ 4.90 a month from $ 4 , if Congress does n't change the program . 
Dow Jones industrials 2659.22 , off 3.69 ; transportation 1210.70 , off 25.96 ; utilities 215.04 , off 0.31 . 
For the year ended June 30 , 1989 , Merksamer Jewelers had $ 62 million of revenue and operating profit of $ 2.5 million . 
`` We know there are potholes for the city out there , '' says Mr. Paterson , Mr. Dinkins 's former law partner . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Mattel added 1 1\/4 to 19 5\/8 , Tonka firmed 1 to 18 1\/2 and Lewis Galoob Toys rose 7\/8 to 13 5\/8 on the Big Board , while Hasbro gained 1 to 21 7\/8 on the American Stock Exchange . 
The labels were breathy : `` Within its sheltering walls is a microcosm of a thousand years in garden design ... a rose garden , herb garden , serpentine garden , flower fields , an apple orchard ... organized in a patchwork of 50-by-50-foot squares to form ` rooms ' ... here and there are simple architectural forms , a whimsical jet of water , a conceit of topiary or tartan plaid , and chairs of every sort to drag around ... . 
Gradually , a coherent picture of cancer development emerged . 
Underwriters insist these issues are constructed to withstand extremely tough economic conditions . 
`` It was just before the Christmas holidays , and I figured we could use some extra cash . '' 
It rose 4.8 % for the 12 months ended in June and 4.7 % in the 12 months ended in September 1988 . 
The U.S. exchanges need both market integrity and cost-efficiency ; long-term growth depends on it . 
Risk is also a function of time . 
Although the plant itself was n't damaged , Mr. Johnson said millions of dollars in first-quarter revenue were lost . 
`` I see it as a sewage treatment plant , '' he says . 
The test project -- which reportedly survived Tuesday 's earthquake -- was a prelude to a state plan to retrofit that critical section of the freeway with the steel casings . 
And neither Democrats nor Republicans are predicting that the capital-gains forces can produce enough votes . 
Ingalls Shipbuilding Inc. , a division of Litton Industries Inc. , was given a $ 15.5 million extension on a contract for shipyard services . 
Some agencies simply keep bad loans on the books ; as late as 1987 , the Export-Import Bank held in its portfolio at face value loans made to Cuba in the 1950s . 
`` That was a disappointment '' and a sign of overall computer-market softness in Europe , Mr. Stevens said . 
The settlement , which involves most of the 300 independent newspaper dealers in the New York area , will allow the Times to freely operate its own direct home delivery system . 
That trend could increase demand for hot-dipped galvanized sheet . 
A spokesman for North Carolina Gov. Martin says Hugo has n't prompted proposals for state or local increases . 
Some gripes about red tape are predictable : Architects complain about a host of building regulations , auto leasing companies about car insurance rules . 
Though the split has long been expected , the exchanges are n't fully prepared to go their separate ways . 
Yet the evidence that we have not hit bottom is found in the fact that we are not yet helping ourselves . 
Net income surged 10 % to 7.12 billion yen from 6.47 billion yen . 
`` HOT '' TOPAZ sparks regulator , jeweler concern over import of irradiated stones . 
Financiere de Paribas at 1,850 French francs ( $ 297 ) a share . 
Accepted bids ranged from 8.38 % to 8.395 % . 
United Technologies Corp. won an $ 18 million Army contract for helicopter modifications and spare parts . 
The drugstore chain reacted cautiously , saying the plan would further swell its huge debt , which forced the company into Chapter 11 protection last year . 
He added that until now the Japanese have only acquired equity positions in U.S. biotechnology companies . 
Dealers placed heavy buy orders in the morning to start the first trading day for November transactions . 
His duties will be taken over by Anthony Richmond-Watson , who has been elected deputy chairman . 
B.A.T Industries surged in afternoon dealings after its shareholders approved a plan to dispose of its U.S. and U.K. retailing operations to fend off Hoylake Investment 's # 13.4 billion ( $ 21.33 billion ) hostile bid . 
Surely not to people with epilepsy who depend on the same levels of medication in their bloodstream daily to maintain seizure control . 
But after much tracking , it became evident to Mr. Stoll , through various clues , that the hacker was not on the Berkeley campus or even in California . 
`` We have no independent evidence linking Fatah to any acts of terrorism since Dec. 15 , 1988 , '' he said , referring to the specific PLO group that Mr. Arafat heads . 
Spain 's Socialist Party claimed victory in nationwide elections , saying it had retained its parliamentary majority by one seat . 
A revised provision would be included for the conversion of short-term claims inside the net to long-term loans outside the net . 
`` They are not a happy group of people at Battle Creek right now . '' 
`` That gives futures traders a lot more power . '' 
Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. is the adviser on the transaction . 
Tidewater Inc. -- 4,631,400 common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
The contraction was twice as large as economists projected and was the sharpest decline since a 19 % drop in January 1982 . 
The authors make a gloomy assessment of the economy and concede that `` quick and easy paths to success simply do n't exist . '' 
Weirton , of Weirton , W. Va. , said $ 60.3 million of the proceeds were used to prepay the remaining amounts on the note outstanding to National Intergroup Inc. , the parent of National Steel . 
`` He does n't know himself , '' Kathy Stanwick of the Abortion Rights League says of Mr. Courter 's position . 
The fund is required to pay claims up to an additional $ 86 million . 
But its auditor , Ernst & Young , said Enviropact 's financial situation raises `` substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern . '' 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 26.23 points to 2662.91 in sluggish trading . 
The inclusion at one point , for example , of a list of glitzy modern-day malefactors , ranging from Jim Bakker and Leona Helmsley to Zsa Zsa Gabor , is a bid for a cheap laugh unworthy of Mr. Boyd 's ability . 
In derivative markets , Fannie Mae issued two $ 400 million real estate mortgage investment conduits backed by its 9 % securities . 
Another arbitrator is hearing another pay parity case between Eastern and its pilots , resulting from a similar set of circumstances involving a separate pay raise granted another union . 
But it said the year-earlier results included gains of $ 23.5 million from divestitures . 
Her Institute for Family and Work Relationships in La Jolla , Calif. , has noted a doubling in the number of couples seeking help the past two years . 
These statesmen might take counsel from William Robinson , author of `` The English Flower Garden '' -- the gardener 's bible since 1883 -- who seems to have had a Jennifer Bartlett in mind when he wrote : `` Unhappily , our gardeners for ages have suffered at the hands of the decorative artist when applying his ` designs ' to the garden ... . 
`` Lawmakers have been saying for weeks that they plan to roll back the cuts as soon as they agree to a compromise on a deficit-cutting bill . '' 
The rubble after the Armenian earthquake a year ago disclosed , quite literally , a city whose larger structures had been built with sand . 
Still , proponents may be shying away from more drumbeating because they sense political tides have turned against arming the Nicaraguan rebels or boosting spending on SDI -- particularly when the public perceives the Soviet threat is declining under Mikhail Gorbachev . 
Coupled with his current 1.2 million shares and 4 % held by an associate , the stake would have given him control of 55 % of the concern . 
Federal credit programs date back to the New Deal , and were meant to break even financially . 
`` Credibility sounds intangible . 
The offer was automatically triggered by the recent sale of Control Data 's Imprimis disk-drive business to Seagate Technology Inc . 
When President Bush arrives here next week for a hemispheric summit organized to commemorate a century of Costa Rican democracy , will he be able to deliver a credible message in the wake of the Panamanian fiasco ? 
UAL 's advisers have indicated previously that it may take a while to come forward with a revised plan since they want to have firm bank commitments before launching a new bid . 
The smoking prohibition remains attached to a $ 27.1 billion transportation bill that must still overcome budget obstacles in Congress . 
RD : 
At the initial sale last night , for example -- the sale featuring the Impressionists masters -- bids totaled $ 116 million . 
The bank said the C$ 1 billion in reserves will result in a charge of C$ 595 million against earnings but said it still expects to report a profit for the year ending Tuesday . 
Subscribing schools get the 12-minute daily Channel One news program , whose four 30-second TV ads during each show have drawn protests from educators . 
In his `` Measure , '' Mr. Boyd has `` modernized '' the pimps and prostitutes of Vienna whom Angelo is supposed to bring under control by converting them into transvestites , punk rockers and heavy metal types , with a strong emphasis on leather , chains and porno-inspired costumes . 
Two years ago , the futures exchange was the envy of other would-be futures centers . 
Though he himself does n't expect a recession soon , Mr. Wyss advises people who do that `` the best thing to be in is long that is , 20-year to 30-year Treasury bonds . '' 
`` The thing it says about Mips is that they 're on a roll right now , '' said Ms. Gant at InfoCorp . 
Sales rose 50 % to $ 2.1 billion from $ 1.4 billion . 
Mr. Conlon was executive vice president and director of the equity division of the international division of Nikko Securities Co . 
It 's quite likely we 're going to get repeats '' of the mid-October market shocks . 
Investors were buying yesterday , but they were running scared to premier blue chips such as Procter & Gamble , which jumped 3 3\/8 to 127 . 
Decisions by the Second Circuit itself , Judge Oakes continued , had recognized that public interest in the subject matter and the indispensability in particular cases of verbatim quotations are vital components of fair use . 
Ethiopian politics are the most sophisticated , secretive and Byzantine in all of black Africa . 
That 's up from about 687 a month in 1985 , and it 's accelerating : So far this month , foreclosures are averaging about 85 a day . 
Among other technology issues , Cray Research rose 1 5\/8 to 37 , Hewlett-Packard added 1 1\/4 to 50 1\/4 , Tandem Computers rallied 1 1\/8 to 25 3\/4 , Data General rose 3\/4 to 14 1\/2 and Motorola gained 2 3\/8 to 59 1\/4 . 
Such sentiment is being supported by word that a large amount of cash from investment trust funds is scheduled to enter the market later this week and in early November . 
Taming the union complements previous moves by the government to attract private investment in petrochemicals , which Mexico has been forced to import in large quantities in recent years . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
British Airways , a member of the group that had offered $ 300 a share for UAL in a leveraged buy-out , said it had yet to receive a revised proposal and it was `` in no way committed '' to the completion of a bid . 
A few weeks ago , New York sold $ 750 million of tax-exempts . 
Its return so far this year has been a credible 21.71 % . 
Shipments of its Lemans to GM 's Pontiac division are off about 65 % from a year ago , versus a 44 % decline for Hyundai and an 18 % increase for Kia . 
The court rejected his incredible claims , denied his deductions , and imposed a negligence penalty ... . 
Also , Larry A. Kushkin , executive vice president , North American operations , was named head of the company 's international automotive operations , another new position . 
But it is n't clear how long GM would be willing to fight Ford for Jaguar . 
The company 's I.W. Harper brand is the leading bourbon in Japan , with 40 % of the market . 
The Philippine government awarded Finland 's Outokumpu Oy the contract to upgrade the facilities of Philippine Associated Smelting & Refining Corp. , according to documents from National Development Corp. , one of Philippine company 's owners . 
The established charities are bothered by this but say they can do little about it . 
In the past five years , the company 's sales have grown to $ 80 million from $ 26 million . 
HOMESTEAD FINANCIAL CORP. , Millbrae , financial services concern , annual revenue of $ 562 million , OTC , said three of its 17 Bay-area branches were closed yesterday . 
While they consider the Chicago & North Western issue to be good , they do n't view it as the best . 
Analog Devices Inc. said it may purchase as many as one million of its common shares over the next several months . 
Two hours later , the first word emerged on Capitol Hill that the administration had agreed to reconciliation with no such assurances from Senate Democrats . 
In 1982 , he started a factory in Greece . 
From the perspective of East Germany 's old guard , reforms that smack of capitalism and Western-style democracy could eliminate their country 's reason for being . 
Parker officials said the company is selling the units to focus on its other businesses . 
The GAF trials were viewed as previews of the government 's strength in its cases against Mr. Lewis and Mr. Bilzerian . 
No garden-variety crime , palm-tree rustling is sprouting up all over Southern California , bringing big bucks to crooks who know their botany . 
Yoshihisa Murasawa , a management consultant for Booz-Allen & Hamilton ( Japan ) Inc. , said his firm will likely be recommending acquisitions of Japanese companies more often to foreign clients in the future . 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
Carat will receive its WCRS stake as part of payment for the 50 % Carat stake that WCRS is buying , while Eurocom said it expects to pay about # 32 million for its WCRS stake . 
The suit , he adds , `` is almost in the nature of a vendetta by a handful of disgruntled people . '' 
So far the company had bought back 1.6 million shares . 
`` If one city is down , the other can take over . '' 
Both men are 44 years old . 
The company also took a write-off of $ 150 million to cover losses on some fixed-price defense contracts , as some new managers took a hard look at the prospects for that slow-growing business . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Rohm & Haas closed at $ 33 a share , down $ 1.75 . 
The company had sought increases totaling $ 80.3 million , or 22 % . 
It is one of a series of studies on health commissioned by the New York Business Group , a non-profit organization with about 300 members . 
It has three U.S. branches . 
Mr. Tomlin , among other things , illegally provided Mr. Lavelle with inside information and documents intended to give Sperry an unfair advantage in the competition , the documents said . 
Mr. Baker will relinquish his previous positions , but a successor for him has n't been named yet . 
Has the San Francisco earthquake caused you to forget Hugo ? 
AMR had weighed a wide range of possible responses , from flat rejection to recapitalizations and leveraged buy-outs that might have included either employees , a friendlier buyer such as Texas billionaire Robert Bass , or both . 
She said they have `` oversimplified and made some erroneous assumptions that make their analysis completely off-base . '' 
An NBC spokesman says the network will `` closely monitor '' the Sacramento situation , and says it is the only station to defect . 
It made the estimates based on data collected from more than a dozen big junk funds . 
Under the plan , Gillette South Africa will sell manufacturing facilities in Springs , South Africa , and its business in toiletries and plastic bags to Twins Pharmaceuticals Ltd. , an affiliate of Anglo American Corp. , a South African company . 
Traders were shouting bids and offers a full five minutes before the start of trading at 8:30 am 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
But the Nikkei fell an overall 1.8 % in value that day compared with Wall Street 's far sharper 6.9 % drop on Oct. 13 . 
Eddie Mahe , a Republican consultant , says the two GOP candidates could have avoided trouble if they had framed the issue first . 
Mr. Jordan has served as executive director of the United Negro College Fund , director of the Voter Education Project of the Southern Regional Council and attorney-consultant to the U.S. Office of Economic Opportunity . 
`` The consumer business continues to drive the earnings stream , '' said Mr. McDermott of Keefe , Bruyette & Woods . 
Pricing details were n't available . 
The Sept. 25 `` Tracking Travel '' column advises readers to `` Charge With Caution When Traveling Abroad '' because credit-card companies charge 1 % to convert foreign-currency expenditures into dollars . 
Mr. Semel and his firm , Semel & Co. , have appealed the Comex decision and the sanctions to the Commodity Futures Trading Commission . 
Rural Solidarity objected , to no avail , when Solidarity leader Lech Walesa accepted the Peasants ' support . 
According to officials in Washington , the State Department hoped that by pleasing President Arias , it would gain his support to postpone any decision on the Contras until after Mr. Ortega 's promises of democratic elections were tested next February . 
But Mr. Miller , Wang 's new president , recently warned his salespeople about negativism . 
Bankers Trust added $ 1.6 billion to reserves for Third World loans , the latest big bank to take such a step . 
`` Everyone left , '' said Peter Lang , reservations manager of the Mark Hopkins Hotel . 
But the dollar later rebounded , finishing slightly higher against the yen although slightly lower against the mark . 
Toyobo Co . ( Japan ) -- $ 150 million of bonds due Nov. 1 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 4 % coupon at par , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
In light of the recent skittishness in the high-yield market , junk bond analysts and traders expect other high-yield deals to be sweetened or restructured before they are offered to investors . 
The result is that some franchisees are running hard just to stay even , laying off middle managers and working harder to make less . 
At this week 's U.N. conference in Lausanne , they imposed a global ivory ban that seeks to overturn local policies . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
Ignore the present condition . 
A spokesman for GM , the No. 1 auto maker , declined to say how many Jaguar shares that company owns . 
In Japan , `` software is four to five years behind the U.S. because hardware is four to five years behind , because NEC is enjoying a monopoly , '' complains Kazuhiko Nishi , the president of Ascii Corp. , one of Japan 's leading PC-magazine publishing and software companies . 
The holding company will be called BanPonce Corp . 
`` At this time , we elected not to get involved because we have been able to satisfy our need { for DRAMs } from the market as a rule , '' said Ed Juge , Tandy 's director of market planning . 
The amendment is aimed at skirting a Supreme Court ruling that threw out the conviction of a Texas flag-burner on grounds that his freedom of speech was violated . 
Hubert de la Bouillaire , an editor on the film , backs Mr. Peters in a separate sworn declaration . 
Westamerica said Mr. Decker 's posts were assumed by David Payne , Westamerica 's chairman , who at 34 years of age becomes one of the youngest chief executives of a sizable bank in the country . 
The company 's turnaround is far from complete ; many crucial tests are just beginning . 
But , says Mr. Katz , the U.S. attorney , `` the interesting thing about Newport Beach operations is that they give themselves the indulgence of beautiful offices , with plush furnishings . 
There are many successful schools scattered throughout this nation , some of them in the poorest of ghettos , and they are all sending us the same message . 
The Committee on Federal Regulation of Securities for the American Bar Association argues , for example , in its lengthy letter to the SEC , that the proposed changes `` would substantially improve the { law } by conforming it more closely to contemporary business realities . '' 
Alusuisse is a subsidiary of Swiss Aluminium Ltd. , a Zurich , Switzerland , producer of aluminum , chemicals and packaging products . 
The collapse Friday prompted speculation that Ford would intensify its pursuit of Jaguar , which is negotiating a defensive alliance with GM . 
Eastern said it is ahead of schedule in resuming its operations after filing earlier this year for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection , from which it expects to emerge early next year . 
Wall Street had expected a modest rise in the company 's domestic sales and earnings , and more substantial increases in overseas results . 
But not Richard Cottrell , a San Francisco cab driver who bowls in two weekly leagues . 
Indian Oil Corp . ( India ) -- 
The chart below shows why ( see accompanying illustration -- WSJ Oct. 23 , 1989 ) . 
The latest quarter 's results , however , included a pretax gain of $ 13.7 million , or 20 cents a share , in the carrying value of the company 's investment in Conner Peripherals Inc. and a $ 7.6 million gain , or 11 cents a share , from the sale of one million Conner shares . 
But the bill still faces budget questions because it also is the vehicle for an estimated $ 3.1 billion in supplemental appropriations for law enforcement and anti-drug programs . 
If they put a Republican into office , not only will they acquire less in terms of local benefits but their selected legislator will be relatively powerless to prevent other legislators from `` bringing home the bacon '' to their respective constituencies . 
The British defense electronics group has said it will sell # 100 million in assets and may seek a merger to strengthen itself in the wake of its troubles . 
Among the major banks surveyed by Banxquote in six regions of the country , 8.33 % is the highest yield available . 
In addition to abetting in the alleged criminal breach of trust , Kwek Hong Png was also charged with dishonestly receiving S$ 500,000 that had been stolen . 
The company said it hopes to resume its schedule of regular quarterly dividends at the end of this year . 
He earned a master 's degree in architecture from Yale . 
To say that the Pentagon should act irresponsibly because acting responsibly will provoke Congress into acting irresponsibly leads to the conclusion that the Pentagon should deliberately exaggerate its needs in the national interest ; in other words , that it is justified in committing a crime -- lying to Congress -- because it is morally superior . 
In late April , when interest rates were at their recent highs , short-term CDs sold by brokers were offering yields half a percentage point or more higher than banks . 
Domestic demand continues to grow , but its contribution to higher production was sapped in September by the estimated 2 % fall in imports , accompanied by a growing tendency for Japanese manufacturers to build vehicles overseas , according to the association . 
-- George O. Ludcke . 
Mr. Wakeman , whom Chemical tried to keep , did n't return calls for comment . 
Harry Schwartz , a soft commodity specialist for Cargill Investors Services in New York , said the only report Ghana has issued about the arrival of cocoa from the interior was for 7,839 metric tons as of Oct. 12 . 
When I asked American Airlines for its side of the story for use in my MBA class , where I teach business ethics , it did not respond . 
As that system grows , larger computers may be needed . 
`` We think we 're on target in looking for renewed economic deterioration , '' he said . 
But the shah still kept leaping out at Cap , so Cap bought a hundred merchant ships more and $ 7 billion of loading barges , ramps , etc. , in order that those seven new Army divisions and three Marine brigades could unload from all those new ships and aircraft and go to war in the Zagros mountains . 
The front cover of the prospectus for the Citibank credit-card receivables offering points out in bold capital letters that the certificates represent an interest only in the specially created trust and `` do not represent interests in or obligations of the banks , Citibank N.A. , Citicorp or any affiliate thereof . '' 
The Pentagon argues that the negative wedge is the net effect of $ 22 billion in the as-yet unidentified procurement reductions that it intends to find in future years and $ 23 billion in an `` above guidance '' management reserve that accounts for undefined programs that will materialize in the future . 
The acquisition is subject to approval by Kennametal 's board . 
What about triple-A-rated asset-backed issues ? 
The clinical testing services holding company is based in San Juan Capistrano , Calif . 
To watch your child die is an inhuman experience . '' 
`` We used the data to redesign our sorting system and put our resources where they could do the most good . '' 
The minister was also quoted as saying that a new pact could be achieved during the first half of next year , according to the analyst . 
But the offering almost did n't happen . 
Yesterday 's conference agreement is the second major bill to emerge from negotiations this week , as appropriators approved a fiscal 1990 transportation bill late Monday that includes a sweeping ban on smoking on most domestic airline flights . 
For buyers , `` these are career-risking decisions , '' says Jean Conlin , who supervises a network of Wang computers in the admissions department at Boston University . 
Mutual-fund czar John M. Templeton has put his money where his moniker is , pouring $ 1.4 million into one of his own funds , the Templeton Value Fund . 
Three companies began trading over the counter . 
Moreover , other officials noted , snafus in transportation funding that the state has experienced over the years may have restricted the availability of funds for such a retrofitting , even if it were technologically feasible . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Bond Corp. 's shares closed Friday before news of the results at 28 Australian cents a share , up one Australian cent . 
It 's nice ! 
Previously , he had served in financial planning positions at the company 's Eastern Airlines unit . 
A fund manager at a life-insurance company said three factors make it difficult to read market direction . 
The fiscal 1990 measure builds on a pattern set earlier this year by House and Senate defense authorizing committees , and -- at a time of retrenchment for the military and concern about the U.S. 's standing in the world economy -- overseas spending is most vulnerable . 
In Myrtle Beach , S.C. , the damaged Yachtsman Resort offers daily rates as low as $ 35 , or as much as 22 % below regular prices . 
-- The charts show how househld assets have been distributed over time . 
Caltrans in Sacramento said total damage from the collapsed highway is estimated at around $ 500 million . 
Geraldo or Phil would probably pull up another camera and interview the chained protesters . 
In addition , Ford and Saab had discussed a possible link between their heavy truck operations . 
In keeping with America 's long history of propping up Mr. Noriega , recent U.S. actions have extended rather than shortened his survival . 
He evades and ducks . 
Ford has signaled it might acquire a majority interest later . 
Standard-issue portraits of flaky Californians , snobbish homosexuals and Neanderthal union leaders undermine the force of the author 's perceptions . 
The matter may never even be tried in court . 
Index arbitrage recently has accounted for about half of all program trading on the New York Stock Exchange . 
The Soviet legislature approved a 1990 budget yesterday that halves its huge deficit with cuts in defense spending and capital outlays while striving to improve supplies to frustrated consumers . 
The adjuster had n't completed all the calculations , but says : `` We 're talking policy limits . '' 
`` This is no time to be playing in the street ... 
Mr. Jones has been taking prospective suite owners onto the field during practice to let them rub elbows with players , and promises those who actually buy one of the rooms an insider 's look at the team 's strategy before game time . 
The tumor , he suggested , developed when the second , normal copy also was damaged . 
If Mr. Gorbachev 's goal is the creation of a free market , he and these Western observers have good reason to fear for his future , as economic liberalization within communist societies leads inexorably to demands for fundamental political reform accompanied by civil unrest . 
They , in turn , lent money to their customers -- who were supposed to recognize the opportunity to make a profit in the turmoil and buy shares . 
A last-minute snag in negotiations with AMR , over an unrelated lawsuit between American and another Texas Air unit , caused the deal to collapse . 
Selling the FHA 's loan portfolio to the highest bidder would save the taxpayers untold billions in future losses . 
The price was n't disclosed , but an executive of LJN Toys Ltd. , the MCA unit , said the closely held Buddy L had annual sales in excess of $ 20 million . 
The company said the water will be called Coors Rocky Mountain Sparkling Water and will come from the same mountain spring as water used in Coors beer . 
`` We do n't disclose specifics . '' 
The Amex Market Value Index snapped a five-session losing streak by rising 2.91 to 378.07 . 
John S. Reidy , an analyst for Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , said , `` The Times faces the same problem of other publishers : linage is down . 
The effort will make the Peanuts gang very familiar pitchmen in 1990 . 
For the six months , the company reported a more than sixfold increase in earnings to $ 4.7 million , or 26 cents a share , from $ 625,000 , or four cents a share a year ago . 
Francis D. John , 35-year-old president , will assume the additional job of chief executive officer . 
Most of the new additions were barely profitable , if not outright loss makers . 
In fact , DLJ says , the company envisions capital expenses of about $ 180 million a year . 
Nearly seven of 10 investors think companies reinvest `` too little '' of their profits in the business . 
Japan 's biggest computer maker last week undercut seven competitors to win a contract to design a mapping system for the city of Hiroshima 's waterworks . 
From then on , the Dow industrials held at a loss of 40 to 50 points . 
`` We are working significantly longer and harder than has been the case in the past , '' says Scott C. Newquist , Kidder 's head of investment banking since June . 
Mr. Stevens said he expects the new price will be considerably lower , but declined to specify a figure . 
In fact , the administration and the Fed have been going out of their way in the past two weeks to dispel any impression that they are at odds , fearing stories about an administration-Fed split added to the stock market 's jitters . 
In announcing the meeting yesterday , Mr. Bush told reporters at the White House that neither he nor Mr. Gorbachev expects any `` substantial decisions or agreements . '' 
In 1987 , China exported 65 million pounds of mushrooms , valued at $ 47 million , to the U.S. . 
Now one might ask why people who sell eggs would fight someone who is trying to make it easier to crack them . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.6145 , up from $ 1.6055 late Tuesday . 
Some found it on the screen of a personal computer . 
Signal , which has an estimated 10,000 subscribers and is profitable , provides stock quotes over an FM radio band that can be received by specially equipped personal computers . 
Sanwa Shutter Corp. said its affiliated company in Malaysia , established this April , will begin manufacturing steel doors Wednesday . 
Then it turned up , and by one estimate the number will be up to about 109,000 regulators by next year . 
Meanwhile , tax revenues are falling while the city 's spending needs are expanding . 
The association issued an advisory to its 1,685 member agencies following a report from the Foreign Ministry that picture-taking by Japanese tourists in earthquake-stricken areas was causing ill feeling among local residents ... . 
Vincent M Ciavarella , regional manager of Property Management Systems , insists he does n't know of any bogus telemarketers operating in the 1.6 million square feet of office space around Fashion Island that his company leases for Irvine Co. , the owner and developer of the project . 
While supporting the Commonwealth `` in utterly condemning apartheid , '' her statement urged it to `` encourage change '' rather than inflict further punishment on the country 's black population . 
`` There will be a big influx of federal dollars and gains in state , federal and local employment , '' Ms. Mace says . 
Declaring that there was life after Congress , he resigned almost immediately after media reports questioned the propriety of a 1986 junk-bond investment , before any official investigations took hold . 
That 's not fair ; they 're not all fat . 
A three-year-old Brooklyn boy was used as a shield by a drug dealer . 
Name-dropping recently helped Mr. Houston-Montgomery crash a party Fame magazine threw for 100 of the 2,809 people mentioned in the diaries of the late Andy Warhol . 
I have just returned from France , and the net exchange rate charged on my Visa account was more favorable than I obtained for traveler 's checks in any of the several banks where I converted them . 
In addition , GM 's Truck & Bus Group said slow sales are forcing it to close its Detroit assembly plant the week beginning Monday . 
While recognizing that professional environmentalists may feel threatened , I intend to urge that UV-B be monitored whenever I can . 
The Quotrons were wrong . 
And ship lines carrying containers are also trying to raise their rates . 
Three companies , Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , Shell Canada Ltd. and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , applied to the Canadian National Energy Board to export 9.2 trillion cubic feet of Mackenzie delta natural gas over 20 years starting in 1996 . 
Two weeks after boosting base rates to 15 % , he pledged that `` rates will have to remain high for some time to come . '' 
Going by official forecasts of GDP , which measures the colony 's output of goods and services , minus foreign income , Mr. Mushkat 's `` realists '' seem relatively close to the mark . 
`` Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . '' 
It has a `` great location , but they 're going to have some real problems when everyone around them opens , '' says Daniel Lee , a Drexel analyst . 
He estimated that 1-2-3 outsold Microsoft 's Excel spreadsheet by four-to-one in the quarter , and held a 70 % or better share of the spreadsheet market . 
`` These guys wanted to do something to show how powerful they are . '' 
The fund 's lawyers work in an Athenian grove of potted trees . 
Heating oil and gasoline futures ended higher as well . 
Independent directors would have veto rights to any acquisition if they unanimously decide it is n't in LIN 's best interest . 
Pepsi said it will spend $ 10 million advertising the promotion . 
For more than a decade , virtually no one complained about Judge O'Kicki . 
Quantum said it has agreed to purchase as much as $ 50 million in equity in the new company , if necessary , for the confirmation of the plan . 
Boyer and Cohen , for instance , both still university researchers , had to be talked into applying for a patent on their gene-splicing technique -- and then the Patent Office refused to grant it . 
`` This is a one-time event , '' said Lawrence Ross of PaineWebber Inc. , referring to the Georgia-Pacific bid . 
Rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by BT Securities , a subsidiary of Bankers Trust New York Corp . 
But some clients and analysts expressed concern that Mr. Phillips is n't as well-known to many clients . 
The budget reconciliation had to be dealt with by the Oct. 15 deadline , and these Senate Democrats refused to agree to allow a vote to append capital gains to the budget bill , knowing it would pass . 
Sanford Kane , president , said the finalists were chosen from among 57 locations based on financial , business , and quality of life considerations . 
Typical rates in the secondary market : 8.55 % one month ; 8.50 % three months ; 8.40 % six months . 
But the actual head count of non-farm employment payroll jobs is likely to be muddied by the impact of Hurricane Hugo , strikes , and less-than-perfect seasonal adjustments , economists said . 
`` Russian ships are arriving in the gulf and there is n't enough grain in the pipeline , '' said Katharina Zimmer , a futures analyst with Merrill Lynch & Co. in New York . 
The company said it has n't named a successor to Ronald Bufton , the vice president who resigned . 
Mr. Rifenburgh also noted that 150 million shares of MiniScribe common stock were traded during the past three years , `` so there 's a tremendous amount of exposure . '' 
Sir John Egan told reporters at London 's Motorfair yesterday he `` would be disappointed if we could n't do { the deal } within a month . '' 
The index moved above 35670 at midmorning , nearly reaching the record of 35689.98 set Sept. 28 . 
It endorsed the White House strategy , believing it to be the surest way to victory . 
`` We never thought we 'd own a car , '' says Kwang Ok Kyong , who just bought a Daewoo LeMans on a five-year loan . 
Once he was held for three months without being charged . 
Dunkin ' Donuts Chairman and Chief Executive Robert M. Rosenberg said `` a sale is one alternative being considered , '' but he added the board has n't decided whether to sell the doughnut franchiser . 
The switch to London underscores the fact that despite the economic restructuring associated with European Community efforts to develop a single market by 1992 , European stock trading remains a highly fragmented and very localized activity . 
Called Otto 's Original Oat Bran Beer , the brew costs about $ 12.75 a case . 
Few market participants expect the U.S. unit to rally sharply on the news , if it turns out as expected . 
Second , the dollar is showing persistent strength despite a slowdown in the U.S. economy shown by economic indicators . 
By any measure , third-quarter earnings were still robust , equivalent to a 0.92 % return on assets even excluding tax credits . 
The surprising discovery of the evening at Fisher was the high standard achieved by some of his now-obscure colleagues , notably Raimondo Boucheron . 
The media has raised questions about Larsen & Toubro 's issue , pointing out that it exceeds the company 's annual sales and its market capitalization . 
Criminal convictions under the federal Superfund law are rare , and the decision is the first jury verdict in such a case . 
To raise more highway funds , a measure to double the state 's nine-cent a gallon tax over five years is set to appear on the state 's June election ballot . 
But the people familiar with the talks said that Warner is n't expected to get any cash in the settlement . 
A labor-management group is preparing a revised buy-out bid for United Airlines parent UAL Corp. that would transfer majority ownership to employees while leaving some stock in public hands , according to people familiar with the group . 
Merrill also said it is lobbying for significant regulatory controls on program trading , including tough margin -- or down-payment -- requirements and limits on price moves for program-driven financial futures . 
Saab said last week it `` has had and will continue to have contacts with other manufacturers . '' 
BNL was unable to elaborate on what measures were planned by the bank to improve controls on its branches abroad . 
But with Seaman , KKR was only trying to salvage its original investment , says bankruptcy investor James Rubin of Sass Lamle Rubin in New York . 
Heiwa Real Estate gained 40 to 2210 . 
They were either too small or uneconomic to maintain , the company said . 
The New York City issue included $ 757 million of tax-exempt bonds priced to yield between 6.50 % to 7.88 % , depending on the maturity . 
But hardly the only ones : The scams promise -- among other things -- to help save the environment , feed starving families and prevent the disappearance of children . 
The premiere of `` Showdown , '' with Mr. Downey and Richard G. Carter , a columnist with the New York Daily News , is scheduled for Dec. 4 at 8 p.m . 
Capital flight is reported to be strong . 
Mortgage securities ended little changed after light dealings . 
The preliminary conclusion from a survey of 200 downtown high-rises is that `` we were incredibly lucky , '' said Lawrence Kornfield , San Francisco 's chief building inspector . 
He was finally given leave when he was arrested for allegedly buying crack . 
`` Improving profitability of U.S. operations is an extremely high priority in the company . '' 
The park also has emergency centers where specially trained employees would go to coordinate evacuation and rescue plans using walkie-talkies , cellular phones , and a public-address system . 
The drug will be given treatment investigational new drug status , a label accorded to drugs believed effective but lacking formal approval . 
In an international buying spree that began barely two years ago , Mr. Paul amassed a collection of about 30 pre-18th-century works , including the Preti , at a total cost of $ 28 million . 
Revenue was flat at about $ 2.97 billion . 
`` We were able to get advertisers to use their promotion budget for this , because they get a chance to do couponing , '' says Ms. Seaman . 
Traders say this all goes to show that even the smartest money manager can get infected with crowd passions . 
Now , after beating them , Mr. Achenbaum is joining them . 
GRAINS AND SOYBEANS : 
The glut and consequent lower prices , combined with cancer fears , was a very serious blow to growers . 
Even the boon to affiliate relations may be limited . 
It estimates the time between college graduation and the awarding of a Ph. D. has lengthened by 30 % over the past 20 years , with the average gap now ranging from about 7.4 years in the physical sciences to 16.2 years in education . 
Soon the studio is producing a $ 40 million picture called `` Tet , the Motion Picture , '' to distinguish it from `` Tet , the Offensive , '' as well as `` Tet , the Book '' and `` Tet , the Album . '' 
Yet they do n't disparage their audiences by disparaging their act . 
But only four days after that , Mr. Bush resurrected the veto threat . 
Under the guise of `` healing the wounds of the nation , '' President Carter pardoned thousands of draft evaders , thus giving dignity to their allegations of the war 's `` immorality . '' 
Mr. Franco , 47 years old , said in a telephone interview that he has been considering and discussing a number of possible business ventures , but that `` nothing is at a mature stage . '' 
The liquor industry went metric 10 years ago . 
Founded by bike enthusiasts rather than businessmen , Specialized spotted the appeal of fat-tired bikes that go almost anywhere and began mass-producing them in 1981 . 
Most of Kidder 's program trading is for its own account , according to the New York Stock Exchange . 
`` They 're thrashing around for diversification , '' he says . 
We 'd do the strategy and then we 'd come around and do the budget . 
Moreover , new lubricants will be needed to protect compressors from the new formulations , which , as with CFCs , are solvents . 
It has n't been operating since May 15 because of attacks by native landowners . 
Ogilvy & Mather 's top creative executive , Norman Berry , left the agency earlier this year . 
But July 5 , a thunderstorm in Wilmington , Del. , caused Shellpot Creek to rise 15 feet , pouring 1.3 million gallons of water into basement vaults . 
For the nine months , Jefferies said net fell 39 % , to $ 6.8 million , or $ 1.07 a share , from $ 11.1 million , or $ 1.50 a share . 
Mr. Tinker later left to become chairman of National Broadcasting Co . 
Gaylord Container said analysts are skeptical of it because it 's carrying a lot of debt . 
Net income includes an extraordinary gain of about $ 100,000 from the reversal of bad debt and interest income . 
Nor does it at all resemble ( despite what some executives think ) the more intimate variety offered at specialty parlors in bad parts of town . 
She was devoted to Charles de Gaulle 's cause , accepting great financial sacrifice and considerable risk to become first a spy and then a one-woman USO tour for the forces of Free France . 
Valued as a buy-out target , the airline stock was trading at nearly $ 280 a share . 
In fact , the cooperation of those financial institutions is essential to the success of the drug battle . 
Mr. Carpenter denies the speculation . 
Ducks are this season 's word for new taxes , under OMB Director Richard Darman 's formulation that `` if it looks like a duck , walks like a duck and quacks like a duck , it 's a duck . '' 
Margins are the amount of money an investor needs to put up to buy or sell a futures contract . 
ESPs will allow institutional investors to buy or sell all 500 stocks in Standard & Poor 's index in a single trade of a minimum of $ 5 million . 
And the winners will be the colleges , not either network . 
We can applaud Mr. Pryor 's moment of epiphany , even as we understand that he and his confreres need restraint lest they kill again . 
CONSERVATIVES EXPECT Bush to solidify their majority on a key court . 
If the FDA approves the new uses of psyllium , other companies are expected to rush to market with psyllium products . 
The House Ethics Committee officially cited Rep. Jim Bates ( D. , Calif . ) for sexually harassing two female employees , but did n't recommend formal disciplinary action . 
But although Japanese companies increased their U.S. auto output by 42 % from January to September compared with the year-earlier period , their exports to the U.S. will drop only 9 % this year , Nikko Research Center estimates . 
With Japan 's cash-flush banks aligned against it , though , raising money may be difficult . 
Profit after taxes and minority interests increased 16 % to # 55.2 million from # 47.6 million in the year-earlier period , while earnings per share rose 16 % to 27.9 pence ( 44 cents ) from 24.1 pence ( 38 cents ) . 
The energy , natural resources and railroad concern had net of $ 137.4 million , or $ 1.35 a share , down from $ 165 million , or $ 1.44 a share , a year earlier . 
PaineWebber Group Inc. announced a pullback on Thursday from stock-index arbitrage , a controversial program-trading strategy blamed by many investors for encouraging big stock-market swings . 
Fortunately , there are signs that increasing numbers of scientists understand the necessity of speaking out . 
The Milwaukee toy retailer said the agreement calls for Everything 's a Dollar holders to receive for their holdings a total of 354,600 newly issued Wisconsin Toy shares . 
Most of San Francisco 's tourists and business travelers already have left -- despite hotel 's offers of rate cuts . 
Narrowing the penalty in this fashion would clearly reduce whatever deterrent effect it now has . 
But the talks yielded `` nothing so advanced that we needed to make a public announcement about it , '' he said . 
Most unusual will be water-borne commuters from the East Bay towns of Oakland and Berkeley . 
Cummins Engine Co. , Columbus , Ind. , hurt by a drop in engine orders from heavy-truck makers , reported a third-quarter loss of $ 39.7 million , or $ 4.12 a share , on essentially flat sales of $ 807.6 million . 
But even if they behaved recklessly , reasons still exist to fear and resist this steady process of case-by-case judicial extension of the law of insider trading . 
Du Pont 's stock rose $ 2.50 a share to close at $ 117.375 in New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday . 
The pilot union , the only one to support the buy-out thus far , said the flight attendants ' decision `` enforces our belief that an all-employee owned airline is practical and achievable . '' 
The company expects to resume full operations by today . 
In Cupertino , Calif. , Apple said that it believes the case has no merit , and that HyperCard does not infringe `` any valid claims '' of the Quickview patents . 
Nevertheless , the stakes are still high for the players directly involved in the GAF case . 
The Fed would eliminate the cause of the potential panic rather than attempting to treat the symptom -- the liquidity of the banks . 
The spokeswoman said the move is n't directly a response to Quotron 's loss of its two biggest customers , Merrill Lynch & Co. and American Express Co. 's Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. , to Automated Data Processing Inc. earlier this year . 
It was a nightmare , '' says Susan Noble , an investment manager at Robert Fleming Holdings Ltd. 's International Investment Management unit in London . 
`` It 's unclear how much rates can fall and how soon . '' 
But that 's less than Chrysler officials had hoped when they set ambitious production schedules for the Toledo plant earlier this year . 
The U.S. , in a far-reaching plan submitted to the Geneva meeting Tuesday , proposed curbing price support subsidies within 10 years and eliminating export subsidies within five years . 
The real estate can be used , he points out , as guarantees for bank loans for corporate development . 
Ciba-Geigy is a major pharmaceutical concern based in Basel , Switzerland . 
Though almost everybody at the playing site had been looking for the 26-year-old Soviet to beat the Pennsylvania-based computer , he gave the machine a far worse drubbing than many expected . 
These turns do not provide sufficient relief from sentences like , `` Most modern chelicerates have six uniramous appendages on the prosoma . '' 
But the production is the equal of any local program . 
The study says that the `` ambiguous legal status '' of home copying makes it `` appropriate to examine the effects on consumers , as well as on industry . '' 
Bob Stone is a fictional name , but the incident described is real . 
Sales rose 4.5 % to $ 522.3 million from $ 499.4 million . 
He puts in busy six-day weeks ( excluding game days ) , and on one recent afternoon fielded questions , in the course of an hour , from a TV producer , his luxury-suite marketing manager , a disgruntled customer and a roomful of Arkansas reporters . 
In Los Angeles , Arco Plaza was sold to Shuwa Corp. for $ 620 million in 1986 , and Sumitomo Life Insurance Co. paid $ 300 million for Atlanta 's IBM Tower last year . 
The agreement also called for Reebok to receive warrants to purchase 400,000 shares of CML common at $ 31.25 a share , exercisable at any time before July 1 , 
Renault and DAF are expected to invest a total of about three billion French francs ( $ 157.8 million ) in the venture , including FFr 1 billion for design and development costs . 
`` One of the difficulties people in real estate have is that each product is like starting a new company , or starting a new line in the fashion business , '' says L. Robert Lieb president of Mountain Development Corp. in West Paterson , N.J . 
`` We must find ways to save money for the futures commission merchants who do business on our exchanges . '' 
Jim Farooquee , chief executive officer of the Tustin , Calif. , computer accessories supplier , said he was `` comfortable '' with analysts ' expectations that CMS would earn between six cents and eight cents a share on revenue of about $ 42 million . 
Shimson Gottesfeld of Los Alamos National Laboratory said researchers there detected a burst of neutrons from an early cold fusion experiment last April but decided not to announce it until they could confirm it . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : ( Net Loss : 7 cents share ) vs. net income : 51 cents a share 
Moreover , he notes that analyzing financial results `` poses a problem for a salesman who is n't particularly familiar with a balance sheet . '' 
To make them directly comparable , each index is based on the close of 1969 equaling 100 . 
A.F. Sloan , 60 years old , announced that he will retire next April as chairman and chief executive officer of this snack food and bakery products maker . 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it sent a more detailed merger proposal to much-larger Mesa Airlines . 
But Ford , Jaguar 's biggest shareholder since lifting its stake to 10.4 % this week , is pressing harder for talks with Sir John . 
Sotheby 's has been aggressively promoting the Dorrance sale . 
Sales rose 6 % to $ 2.77 billion from $ 2.61 billion . 
`` Fast-food franchisers have managed to squeeze in stores into every corner available . '' 
The heart of the earthquake , 6.9 on the Richter scale , was 50 miles to the south , near Santa Cruz , but its terrible fist struck here on the Nimitz Freeway , a major artery serving the Bay Bridge between Oakland and San Francisco . 
The deluge has spurred cost-conscious companies to action , with mail rooms throwing the stuff out rather than taking the time or money to deliver it . 
`` We see a lot of interest in those kind of things , '' says Frank Salerno , a vice president of Bankers Trust . 
Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , acknowledges that he was n't troubled by program trading when it began in the pre-crash bull market because it added liquidity and people were pleased to see stock prices rising . 
Air France and Lufthansa last month concluded a far-reaching cooperation accord that includes air-freight activities . 
Precious Metals 
Most other states have enacted similar bans . 
`` You can be wicked , but not foolish , '' says Mr. Mankiewicz . 
`` His { Phelan 's } own interests are in building an electronic marketplace , '' said a market maker . 
The figure also may reflect initial claims filed by striking Nynex Corp. workers who have become eligible for unemployment benefits , the official said . 
`` Our response to the whitewash would simply be , look what happened , '' another Washington official , Alvin Smuzynski , said in an interview . 
In Tokyo , stocks had a second-consecutive loss Monday in quiet trading with the exception of concentrated buying in some incentive-backed issues . 
OPEC officials worry that prices could collapse a few months from now if the group does n't adopt new quotas . 
The Justice Department said it filed a lawsuit seeking more than $ 7.7 million from a Meredith Corp. unit on charges that the company defrauded the government on a contract to provide relocation services for federal employees . 
The shipyard disclosed in mid-August that it expected losses stemming from a series of unprofitable orders . 
Dealers said the market was supported to some extent by a firmer pound , gains on Wall Street and shopping by market-makers to cover internal requirements for selected stocks in the 100-share index . 
While many investors are selling parts of their portfolios to buy the new issues , prices on India 's 16 stock exchanges are holding up so far . 
Goya Concocts a Milk For Hispanic Tastes 
The results included a A$ 453.4 million write-off of future income-tax benefits and a provision for a loss of A$ 149.5 million on the sale of a stake of about 20 % in Lonrho PLC . 
`` You have to be born with it . 
What could be better than getting a tad more income from them ( the plus ) than other people ? 
a four-part , $ 71 million issue of secured equipment certificates priced through Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc . 
The gain compared with a $ 1.10 billion decline in reserve assets in August to $ 62.36 billion , the department said . 
But before import growth slowed , China 's buying spree in the first half already had taken its toll on foreign-exchange reserves . 
Administration officials insist that the size of the staff was n't a problem during the Panama crisis . 
The fish often are plentiful around the pilings of the old gas wells that dot the flat surface like the remains of sunken ships . 
In a separate SEC filing , Albert Safer , who holds 6.46 % of United Merchants , said he retained investment bank Lazard Freres & Co. for advice as he evaluates the possibility of making a bid for the textile maker . 
Soon after the merger , moreover , Federal 's management asked Tiger 's pilots to sign an agreement stating that they could be fired any time , without cause or notice . 
But Mr. Lesko 's staff is beginning to wonder whether there is n't some larger phenomenon foiling the contest . 
Each 50,000 Swiss franc note is convertible from Nov. 20 , 1989 , to March 17 , 1994 , at a 5 % premium over the closing share price Oct. 21 , when terms are scheduled to be fixed . 
Mr. Downey said he is not going to change his style , which some critics said was flamboyant and others deemed offensive . 
Twenty-one of its workers are Ph. D.s . 
No customer is present at the morning package sort , but the process is nevertheless critical to customer satisfaction . 
Volatility is here to stay . '' 
Many of the lost tourism dollars wo n't be recovered ; many trips delayed never take place . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
The key U.S. and foreign annual interest rates below are a guide to general levels but do n't always represent actual transactions . 
And some commuters , relieved by the absence of gridlock , were planning to return to their old ways . 
SHV , of the Netherlands , which last year merged its North Sea oil and gas operations with those of Calor Group PLC and which owns 40 % of Calor , was identified as a possible suitor for Burmah . 
Year ended Dec. 31 , 1988 : Sales : $ 2.06 billions Net loss : $ 1.30 billion \* 
What brought the naval issue to a head is that the Crusaders are literally falling apart , without any immediate plan to replace them . 
When the good fairy assigned to Slovakia hovered over the cradle of Edita Gruberova many years ago in Bratislava , she sprinkled her with high E flats , sparkling Ds , clean trills , and coloratura ornaments silvery as magic dust . 
Rep. Lee Hamilton ( D. , Ind . ) said he and Rep. Byron Dorgan ( D. , N.D . ) are backing away from their proposal to make the Treasury Secretary a voting member of the Federal Reserve panel that sets monetary policy . 
Lotus Development Corp. is in talks to sell its Signal stock-quote service to Infotechnology Inc. , the New York parent of Financial News Network , people familiar with the negotiations said . 
The top state environmental official in Massachusetts said Clean Harbors Inc. 's environmental-impact statement for a proposed incinerator in Braintree was inadequate . 
The dollar finished softer yesterday , tilted lower by continued concern about the stock market . 
Bankers Trust uses Digital 's VAX to run its huge money-transfer and capital markets accounts , juggling hundreds of billions of dollars each day , he says . 
But it initially was funded with about $ 765 million and may soon face a cash crunch . 
A Taiwanese steelmaker recently announced plans to build a Nucor-like plant . 
A bid against Paribas could n't be ruled out . 
But with its 10.4 % stake , Ford can convene a special Jaguar shareholders ' meeting and urge them to drop the restrictions prematurely . 
COMMERCIAL PAPER : High-grade unsecured notes sold through dealers by major corporations in multiples of $ 1,000 : 8.575 % 30 days ; 8.475 % 60 days ; 8.40 % 90 days . 
Chairman Robert McClements Jr. said the synthetic crude oil production from the facility rose even as the price for that oil increased . 
Mr. Greenspan said he and other Fed governors endorse a bill by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C. ) that would require the Fed to pursue policies aimed at eliminating inflation within five years . 
At the core of Mr. Loggia 's Mancuso is his world-weary truculence . 
Net for the nine months was $ 254 million , or $ 5.94 a share , up 56 % from $ 163 million , or $ 4.06 a share , a year earlier . 
Brooks Armored Car Service Inc. never wanted to get into money laundering . 
Short interest in International Business Machines Corp. plunged to 1,425,035 shares from 2,387,226 shares a month earlier . 
Mr. Booker , executive director of Ford 's Latin America Automotive Operations since December 1988 , was named vice president of Ford Asia-Pacific . 
The 49-nation organization , meeting in Malaysia , called for tighter financial pressure immediately . 
Dual trading gives an exchange trader the right to trade both for his own account and for customers . 
Where does Mr. Lehman get off castigating Gen. George Marshall for muscling in on naval prerogatives ? 
NATO defense ministers said the 16-nation alliance continues to need a strong nuclear strategy despite political changes in Eastern Europe . 
Moreover , the price volatility that is amplified by program trading is undercutting efforts to woo individual investors back to an OTC market that sorely misses them . 
But car-happy Americans panicked , and so did the U.S. and other oil-consuming governments . 
Prospective bond buyers noted that TW historically has prospered because it has been willing to spend aggressively on remodeling restaurants and redoing menus . 
It also will hand Unilab new markets . 
But as the fright began to spread through the S&P pit , the big brokerage firms came in and bought futures aggressively . 
Researchers say they believe FK-506 is 100 times more effective than the traditional anti-rejection drug , cyclosporine , made by Swiss pharmaceutical giant Sandoz Ltd . 
But Citicorp `` does view Quotron ) as being crucial to the financial-services business in the 1990s , '' the analyst added . 
He said that investors will scour the October employment report , due out Friday , for clues about the direction of the economy and the immediate outlook for interest rates . 
Many of Nasdaq 's biggest technology stocks were in the forefront of the rally . 
Detroit-to-Tokyo flights were booked solid this week as Motor City executives , including Ford Motor Co. Chairman Donald E. Petersen and Chrysler Corp. Vice Chairman Gerald Greenwald , flocked to see the future . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were ahead of gainers , 1,012 to 501 . 
`` Who knows how much they 'll be worth 100 years from now ? '' 
And he nearly always bought and sold for cash . 
`` We 'll continue to work with them , in keeping with the reputation of the company , and we 'll rely very much on their leadership , '' says Mitsubishi Estate President Jotaro Takagi . 
According to Mr. Rohs , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales at company-owned Wendy 's units in the U.S. have trailed year-earlier levels throughout 1989 , except for August . 
Pro-life advocates say the White House never wavered over the veto . 
The UAW is seeking a hearing by the full 14-judge panel . 
A thin man in a gray suit looks up from a newspaper . 
Called Task Broker , the program acts something like an auctioneer among a group of computers wired together . 
Nevertheless , Kodak could n't risk letting HDTV turn its motion-picture film business into a dinosaur . 
Many blue-collar customers of downtown 's no-frills gambling spots have been lured to the Strip or to Laughlin , Nev. , a Colorado River town catering to snowbirds and the recreational-vehicle crowd . 
`` The pain is too great . 
Most of the measures would probably only start to have an effect on beleaguered Soviet consumers in two to three years at the earliest . 
Several Wall Street officials say the proposed legislation already is having an impact . 
Stop-Limit Order : Stop-limit orders turn into limit orders when an investment trades at the price specified in the order . 
Mr. Bond forecast that by next June , `` what will emerge will be a company with a honed sense of purpose ... a stable balance sheet , with good-quality assets in brewing , telecommunications , media and property . '' 
Rep. Les AuCoin was as blunt on behalf of the abortion-rights movement . 
While no guarantee , an increased police presence might even deter further attacks . 
`` It was a time when interest rates came down very rapidly , '' Dr. Blumenfeld recalls . 
Sales increased a more modest 4.8 % in the South and 4.4 % in the Midwest . 
Bay Financial Corp. , hurt by high debts and deteriorating real estate investments , reported a wider loss for the fourth quarter and said it might be forced to seek a bankruptcy-court reorganization if it ca n't renegotiate its borrowings . 
The court is called the Management Appeals Committee , or just `` MAC , '' and it is likely to hear a couple of dozen cases a year . 
In the last decade , many corporations have embraced the `` utilization management '' cost containment strategy as a way to control health-care costs for employees . 
The American Bowling Congress claims a higher percentage of the public bowls regularly , but concedes its membership has declined this decade . 
Hewlett-Packard Co. became the first company world-wide to announce a product based on the chip earlier this month , but it wo n't start shipping the computers until early next year . 
September orders for all U.S. producers , in fact , were slightly above the monthly average for 1988 , a good year for the industry . 
Separately , UniFirst reported that net income rose 21 % to $ 3 million , or 29 cents a share adjusted for the split , for the fourth quarter ended Aug. 26 . 
But many bankers remain nervous , especially as the start-up of the contract continues to be delayed . 
Further ammunition came from left legal theorist Ronald Dworkin , who in the New York Review of Books painted a picture of a constitutional zombie willfully reading his personal prejudices into the Constitution , particularly in the area of `` original intent . '' 
The ever-optimistic Mr. Wathen has learned that while acquiring a big brand-name company can be a shortcut to growth , it can also bring a host of unforeseen problems . 
Now , Mr. Guzman Cabrera is facing accusations that he 's as much a company man as La Quina was a crook . 
Bostic is one of the previously unnamed units , and the first of the five to be sold . 
Wow ! 
Specifically , the British carrier said it currently has no plans to participate in any new offer for UAL . 
`` One thing that is a little unnerving is that you had three old men on the court of appeals in California coming up with a statement that Nancy Sinatra is not distinctive but that Bette Midler is . 
PS of New Hampshire preferred holders also would get certain debentures and preferred stock . 
Ironically , many of the pilots involved have left Eastern or are still striking the carrier , which filed for bankruptcy protection March 9 . 
Quebecor Class B stock closed at C$ 15.375 , up 62.5 Canadian cents . 
Losses at El Dorado Investment Co. , the venture-capital operation , widened to $ 6.8 million from $ 425,000 a year earlier . 
The changes , which could be announced as early as today , would apply to pesticides and other substances found on fresh and processed foods , officials said . 
But the meat-processing machines he picked up are 50 years old . 
Stock prices edged up in quiet trading Friday . 
With most legislatures adjourned for the year , small business is tallying its scorecard . 
`` Their powerful members manage them . '' 
`` If you 're looking for a significantly higher yield with the same level of risk as a CD , you 're not going to find it , '' says Washington financial planner Dennis M. Gurtz . 
Venezuela will hold a debt-equity auction Friday , with 32 potential bidders participating . 
For the 10-month fiscal year ended Sept. 30 , Chairman Eli Broad said he expected earnings results to approximate analysts ' estimates , which the company said have been revised upward to 80 cents a share . 
Fletcher Challenge Ltd. said its Petrocorp unit agreed to acquire certain Alberta oil and gas interests from Amoco Corp. 's Canadian unit , for about 130 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 110.6 million ) . 
Taxi , leasing and other companies that maintain fleets of vehicles devote substantial resources to complying with state insurance laws and a host of agencies . 
The offer , which Telerate 's two independent directors have rejected as inadequate , previously had been scheduled to expire at midnight Friday . 
The chamber voted 231-191 , 51 votes short of the two-thirds majority needed to overturn the president 's veto of legislation renewing support of Medicaid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape and incest . 
Payout of preferred dividends resulted in a net loss of five cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
Detroit -- $ 130 million of distributable state aid bonds , via a Chemical Securities Inc. group . 
Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell ( D. , Maine ) , who has been the most prominent Democratic critic of Mr. Bush 's handling of the Soviet relationship , praised the president for arranging the meeting . 
Poland plans to start negotiations soon on purchasing natural gas from Iran , the official Islamic Republic News Agency reported . 
The average number of shares outstanding rose 2 % in the third quarter but was down 4 % for the nine months . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Oneida 's shares closed at $ 18.375 a share , unchanged . 
Pinnacle West slashed its quarterly dividend to 40 cents per share from 70 cents in December , saying at the time that it believed the new , lower dividend was `` sustainable . '' 
My language sure goes to pot down here on the coast . '' 
In 1983 , Mr. Hastings was found not guilty of accepting a $ 150,000 bribe in a case before him , the central charge on which the Senate convicted him . 
But there never was a chance that the Afghan resistance would overthrow the Kabul regime quickly and easily . 
So why even consider stacking freeways now ? 
GM , Ford and Chrysler have already cut fourth-quarter U.S. output plans an estimated 15 % from 1988 levels . 
At least 10 states are resisting Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. 's nationwide effort to settle its legal troubles , and some might instead try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities within their borders . 
Before he was confirmed , Sullivan said he had `` reservations about any blanket prohibitions on medical research . '' 
Why is this happening ? 
Clearly , some financial authorities are concerned about the Japanese banks role in leveraged buy-outs . 
The original bank in Frankfurt closed in 1901 after the death of Wilhelm Carl von Rothschild , and the family 's banking activities focused on London and Paris . 
Mr. Dinkins , the Manhattan borough president , can afford more bumbling and stumbling because he holds a comfortable 20-point lead in most of the public-opinion polls . 
Overall OTC insurance issues were mixed . 
Now we are starting to see real freight-rate increases as carriers replace equipment , pay higher fuel costs and pay more for labor . 
Fredric Russell , a money manager in Tulsa , Okla. , says Friday 's cave-in `` is going to have more of a permanent impact on the psyche of many investors than Wall Street would want to admit . '' 
Workers at two Chilean mines , Los Bronces and El Soldado , which belong to the Exxon-owned Minera Disputado group , will vote Thursday on whether to strike after a two-year labor pact ends today . 
White House spokesman Marlin Fitzwater said there is enough money on hand to deal with immediate requirements . 
Mr. Donohoo faces as much as three years in prison and a $ 250,000 fine for the Superfund conviction and as much as one year in prison and a $ 100,000 fine for the violation of the Clean Air Act . 
No doctor who fears malpractice liability would likely expose a non-pregnant patient to the risk of hemorrhaging . 
The Senate , after deleting Section 89 repeal from its deficit-reduction bill , still is expected to join the House in voting to kill the law , which forces companies to provide comparable benefits to laborers and executives alike . 
Last year 's results were hurt by $ 41.3 million in restructuring charges . 
Westinghouse expects to meet its corporate goals despite a softening in the economy . 
The report laid the blame on speculators , who it said had pushed land prices up ninefold . 
The record price for a full membership on the exchange is $ 550,000 , set March 9 . 
China General Plastics , another Taiwanese petrochemical manufacturer , was to have a 40 % stake in Luzon Petrochemical . 
McDonald 's said that systemwide sales would have been $ 115 million greater had 1988 exchange rates remained in effect . 
The move to halt imports -- announced 29 years and 11 months to the day after Henry Ford II declared that the Edsel division and its gawky car would be scrapped -- kills the four-year-old Merkur brand in the U.S. market . 
`` The croaker 's done gone from the hook -- 
`` The market was caught totally the wrong way ... . 
The ground ruptured along a 20-to-30-mile stretch of the San Andreas Fault on Tuesday , Mr. Johnson added . 
It came in London 's `` Big Bang '' 1986 deregulation ; and Toronto 's `` Little Bang '' the same year . 
And the county of Los Angeles placed its firefighters and sheriffs on alert , ready to send in reinforcements , and alerted San Francisco that the city has 1,000 hospital beds at its disposal . 
He added that `` there 's no quick-fix solution '' to the economic woes , and said `` tight monetary policy is the right approach . '' 
Sales dropped 4 % to $ 1.12 billion from $ 1.17 billion . 
So far , one test of restricting dual trading has worked well . 
They 're going to decide what their employees can or can not read . '' 
A similar proposal may be introduced soon by Senate Democrats . 
Not that the language war is won , even on `` Batibot . '' 
The stock was trading at 69 just two weeks ago . 
Revenue rose 6.4 % to $ 415.3 million from $ 390.5 million . 
`` The company 's product businesses , with the exception of electronic components , had higher operating earnings for the first nine months of 1989 , '' the company said . 
Anatol Pawlowski 's leg begins jiggling beneath his desk . 
David Lindsey , chairman of the Fat Tire Bike celebration , muses that the bike 's popularity may be a combination of technology and nostalgia . 
I await his sequel : the economic and social resiliency of the San Francisco Bay area and the outstanding work of the local governments and the private charitable organizations there as metaphors for the supremacy of whatever failed system Mr. Cockburn now believes in . 
A young man called July ( that 's when he was born ) , who works at the railroad station just up the street from the Orange Workers office , points at the whitewalled building and says matter-of-factly , `` We 're not allowed in there , that 's all I know . '' 
But Superfund also contains a criminal provision concerning the release of toxic substances into the environment . 
The SEC has only about 200 staffers assigned to keep tabs on investment advisers -- about the same as in 1980 -- even though the number of advisers has tripled to about 15,000 over the past decade . 
The group , which has held half a dozen seminars so far , also is considering promotional videos and perhaps a pitch to Wall Street investment bankers . 
The nagging memory of one afternoon fourteen years ago drove Jim Gideon , a lean 36-year-old righthander to take a four-month leave from selling insurance in Texas to try out for Mr. Weaver 's team . 
Overall , 12 % of consumers are n't brand loyal for any of the 25 product categories . 
The offering , Series 1989-84 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
Mr. Padovan is currently a director at Barclays de Zoete Wedd Ltd . 
So Mr. Kahn says high priority is being given to creating a computerized matchmaking service `` where instead of being matched for eye color , you could be matched for similar intellectual interests . '' 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. issued a $ 500 million real estate mortgage investment conduit backed by its 8 1\/2 % securities . 
Rather than just send out marketing people to knock on customers ' doors , IBM is making several hundred of its own manufacturing people available to discuss specific needs . 
In recent weeks , warm and dry weather has sped the Midwest harvest and that is permitting farmers to rebuild the stockpiles that were cut by the 1988 drought . 
`` That 's why we went with IBM for data center management ... and now Digital for voice and data telecommunications . 
First Security Corp. said it tentatively agreed to acquire Deseret Bancorp. for stock valued at about $ 18 million . 
International copyright secured . 
That could change , thanks to lower long-distance rates and cheaper electronics . 
`` When you 're at the club , you ask whether they 've spoken to ` G . ' 
Miss Shlaes is editorial features editor of The Wall Street Journal\/Europe . 
Under the original buy-out approved by the UAL board Sept. 14 , UAL 's pilots planned to put up $ 200 million in cash and make $ 200 million in annual cost concessions for a 75 % stake . 
Even the Soviet Union came , for the first time in 24 years , to show off its Lada Niva sedan and its futuristic dark-blue `` Kompakt '' model . 
Long dollar bonds were flat to up 3\/8 point . 
There was a wanted poster offering `` Rewards for the Arrest of Express and Train Robbers Frank James and Jesse W. James '' and the original Pinkerton 's logo with an open eye and the inscription `` We Never Sleep , '' which inspired the phrase `` private eye . '' 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 5.04 , or 1.1 % , to 460.33 . 
But beyond this decorative nod to tradition , Ms. Bogart and company head off in a stylistic direction that all but transforms Gorky 's naturalistic drama into something akin to , well , farce . 
Intel said that over the past decade , it has installed computer sensors and shutoff valves , sensitive to the shake of an earthquake , in the pipes that snake through its plants . 
`` Oh , yes . 
Whether or not `` great cases make bad-law '' -- as Justice Holmes asserted -- who can doubt that when great confirmation hearings turn on the nominee 's response to these great cases they make bad judicial history ? 
It has said it hopes to control 5 % of jewelry business in the U.S. by 1992 ; currently it controls about 2 % . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
Revenue slid 7 % to $ 2.6 billion from $ 2.8 billion a year earlier . 
Environmentalists criticized the program as merely a public-relations attempt to head off a White House proposal to require a million cars a year that run on cleaner-burning fuels by 1997 . 
Amoco 's domestic oil and natural gas operations recorded a profit of $ 104 million in the quarter compared with a loss of $ 5 million , `` primarily on the strength of higher crude oil prices , '' said Chairman Richard M. Morrow . 
Revenue doubled from two years ago . 
Saying this is a first for a Western company , West Germany 's largest mail-order group said the newly established Moscow-based Intermoda company is scheduled to begin operations in February 1990 . 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Pegasus closed at $ 10.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
`` The rest will probably not be recoverable either because the statute of limitations expired or because many prefer to spend additional time in jail rather than return the money , '' the prosecutor said . 
Mail-order ministers have been squelched . 
Flags fly at half-staff for the death of Bart Giamatti , the late baseball commissioner , and now the Bay Bridge lies in ruins . 
And while today 's non-volatile chips -- such as electronically erasable programmable read-only memory chips -- ca n't be used in a computer 's central memory because they `` learn '' data slowly , ferroelectric chips accept data at very high speeds . 
However , Aetna 's employee benefits division , which includes its group health insurance operations , posted a 34 % profit gain to $ 106 million . 
But the junk recovery , led by the bellwether RJR Holdings bonds , was precarious . 
Mr. Eidsmo is one of several key people from outside the cycling industry who were hired to bring the free-wheeling , fast-growing company under tighter control . 
HEALTH-CARE experts have long worried that young doctors emerging from medical school with a mountain of debt will choose careers in high-paying specialties instead of primary care , where more physicians are needed most . 
A sentencing date has n't been set . 
Meritor has headed the list since May . 
Weyerhaeuser 's pulp and paper operations were up for the nine months , but full-year performance depends on the balance of operating and maintenance costs , plus pricing of certain products , the company said . 
The producers include Shell Canada Ltd. , a unit of Royal Dutch\/Shell Group ; Esso Resources Canada Ltd. , a unit of Imperial Oil Ltd. , which is 71%-owned by Exxon Corp. ; and Gulf Canada Resources Ltd. , a unit of Olympia & York Developments Ltd . 
QUOTABLE : 
In when-issued trading , the notes were quoted at a price to yield 7.78 % . 
`` If we wanted to stage ` Death of a Salesman , ' `` Mr. Sagan says , `` Willie Loman would have to live in a ranch house because of the low ceiling . '' 
That would leave Hun Sen and the Khmer Rouge . 
Although the action removes one obstacle in the way of an overall settlement to the case , it also means that Mr. Hunt could be stripped of virtually all of his assets if the Tax Court rules against him in a 1982 case heard earlier this year in Washington , D.C . 
For example , if a company posted a loss of $ 100 million from buy-out interest payments , the existing rule would allow the concern to be able to receive a refund from the tax it paid from 1986 through 1989 , when it may have been a profitable public company . 
Mr. Noriega might have fallen of his own weight in 1988 because of Panama 's dire economic situation , says Mr. Moss , but increasing external pressure has only given him additional excuses for repression , and a scapegoat for his own mismanagement . 
Meanwhile , some U.S. officials fear PLO chief Arafat is getting cold feet and may back off from his recent moderation and renunciation of terrorism . 
George Douglas , first vice president at Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , says that individuals have a particular edge now in `` small to medium-size niche companies with exciting earnings prospects '' -- a traditional stomping ground for small investors . 
Maxicare 's public shareholders will receive 2 % of the new company 's stock and warrants entitling them to acquire as much as an additional 5 % of the stock on a fully-diluted basis . 
Others grab books , records , photo albums , sofas and chairs , working frantically in the fear that an aftershock will jolt the house again . 
One-Cancels-The-Other Order : This is really two orders in one , generally for the same security or commodity , instructing floor brokers to fill whichever order they can first and then cancel the other order . 
The result was a more thoughtful , complete and competitive proposal , '' Mr. Anton concludes . 
The FBI had said it would not be able to begin processing the request until June 
The National Aeronautics and Space Administration said it awarded General Dynamics Corp. a $ 64 million contract to launch the Combined Release and Radiation Effects Satellite in June 1990 . 
The ratio is the number of trading days , at the exchange 's average trading volume , that would be required to convert the total short interest position . 
As of March 31 , the Daiwa group had shareholder equity of 801.21 billion yen ( $ 5.64 billion ) . 
It is unclear what effect the sale of the shopping centers will have on earnings . 
Also , at any of Sotheby 's auctions of old masters , roughly one-third to one-fifth of what is offered does n't sell at any price . 
The company has declined requests to discuss the changes , but Mr. Weekes has said that Mr. Hollander wanted to have his own team . 
For the past week or so , traders have been expecting India to buy between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of refined sugar , and there have been expectations of a major purchase by Japan . 
-- Junior football player . 
There has been a surge in syndicated children 's shows to independent stations , as well as competition from videocassettes for kids and from cable outlets such as Nickelodeon and the Disney Channel . 
And , as Mr. Zell says , with Itel and O&Y on the unit 's board , the real estate will be run by `` a very unusual group '' to say the least . 
In a separate development , a private meeting is scheduled this morning between House Appropriations Committee Chairman Jamie Whitten ( D. , Miss . ) and Sen. Dale Bumpers ( D. , Ark . ) in an effort to end a dispute which for two weeks has delayed action on an estimated $ 44 billion agriculture bill . 
The result is mistrust and criticism from all around . 
The vaccine is effective in preventing a disease that still afflicts about 60 million children a year world-wide , causing an estimated one million deaths . 
`` But he pulled through , and after the ambulance left , there were still six people in line waiting for a massage . 
Volume was 276.8 million shares , beneath the year 's previous low of 280.5 million shares Sept. 25 , the session before the August trade figures were released . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.33 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.15 % 120 days ; 8.06 % 150 days ; 7.96 % 180 days . 
`` I am sure they will be going for a full bid . '' 
His theme is unity , decency , humanity , bringing New York together again . 
Although sports officials predict jumps of 50 % to 100 % in the major contracts coming up for renewal , ad rates may rise only 20 % . 
`` We do n't have passive readers . '' 
Ironically , the long-term effect of the earthquake may be to bolster the Bay area 's economic fortunes and , indeed , the nation 's gross national product . 
The word went forth to every law school that those with federal court ambitions must travel a safe constitutional journey , with no paper trail and no bite to their tongue or pen . 
Bush assured Roh that the U.S. would stand by its security commitments `` as long as there is a threat '' from Communist North Korea . 
Net sales for the units for the fiscal year ended June 30 were $ 135.6 million . 
Housing Developers Try Brand-Name Buildings 
The gross proceeds from the sale of the notes , which will be due on Nov. 1 , 2004 , will be used to reduce existing debt and for general corporate purposes , the company said . 
A recent agreement between the recording industry and electronics manufacturers requires that any digital audio tape , or DAT , recorder sold in the U.S. have a built-in device that restricts its ability to make second copies from DAT tape copies of digital compact disks . 
`` The capital market is booming . '' 
Share prices closed higher in Sydney , Taipei , Wellington , Manila , Hong Kong and Singapore and were lower in Seoul . 
Universities , however , say Next 's prices must go even lower before large numbers of students purchase the machine . 
Ramon Garcia , the Asset Trust 's executive trustee , admits to what he calls `` temporary setbacks . '' 
Operating profit dropped 46 % in its specialty flat-rolled steel segment . 
But going against the grain has never bothered Mr. Andersson . 
The broadcasting and newspaper concern , based in Chicago , said net was $ 62.7 million , or 77 cents a primary share , up from $ 51.6 million , or 69 cents a share . 
Some may try to revoke the firm 's license to sell securities . 
It 's that we do n't want to . 
Mr. Falls , the Goodman 's artistic director , took a recent adaptation by Neil Bartlett and significantly adapted it . 
And Mr. Eddington emphatically rules out a move to London : `` Our lifeblood is Hong Kong traffic rights . '' 
Odds and Ends 
But despite the flurry of interest in those shares , dealers said , the market remains nervous about Wall Street 's volatility and high U.K. interest rates . 
Prices are moving up and down so fast because investors are employing ways to turn over shares at ever-faster rates and increasingly acting in concert . 
Still , Milton Hudson , senior economic adviser at Morgan Guaranty Trust Co. in New York , said : `` If you look back a half-year or so the evidence was pretty good of affirmative strength in the capital-goods sector . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Ryder closed at $ 22.25 , down 37.5 cents . 
`` And you ca n't have taxpayers coming into an audit hearing ` oohs ' and ` ahs . ' '' 
Prices closed lower in Sydney , Singapore and Wellington , were mixed in Hong Kong and higher in Taipei , Manila , Paris , Brussels and Seoul . 
In one sense , this limits him ; unlike a writer such as Gabriel Garcia Marquez , who has a distinctive Latin voice , Mr. Mahfouz 's style offers little that can be labeled `` Egyptian . '' 
Another active FT-SE 100 stock was clothing and furniture retailer Burton , which gained 6 to 196 . 
Cathay officials decline to comment on the speculation . 
And statements by the chairman of the IG Metall labor union , Franz Steinkuehler , also cast a cloud over trading , dealers said . 
Daniel James President Mexico-United States Institute 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
The Merc received considerable criticism in 1987 when it was discovered that its compliance director , Kevin P. Conway , who then was responsible for policing the exchange 's busy oil and metal pits , `` was engaged in other personal business activities on Exchange time , '' including out-of-state trips , according to a New York Merc report prepared last year . 
Other details were n't available . 
The association said that lack of airport and air space capacity is the biggest problem facing the airline industry . 
BELL INDUSTRIES Inc. increased its quarterly to 10 cents from seven cents a share . 
Adding insult to injury , United 's 25,000-member Machinists ' union , which helped scuttle financing for the first bid , yesterday asked UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf and other UAL directors to resign . 
`` Cathay would love to keep going , but the general sense is they 're going to have to do something . '' 
`` There is no strength behind this rally , '' asserted Chung Lew , head trader at Kleinwort Benson North America . 
The company operates a fleet of trucks and boats to transport the commodities to its warehouses . 
Cast as Violetta Valery in a new production of Verdi 's `` La Traviata , '' Ms. Gruberova last week did many things nicely and others not so well . 
But the proper remedy , Judge Leval said , lay in a suit for damages , not in an injunction . 
But Digital 's move into mainframes will target IBM 's home turf , where it has a commanding 70 % share of the market . 
Without machines , good farms ca n't get bigger . 
Several of the New York Stock Exchange 's own listed companies , led by giant Contel Corp. , are joining for the first time to complain about program trading and the exchange 's role in it . 
Either way , the overhang is big enough to keep delicately balanced oil markets on edge . 
It would also affect the perceptions of the board of governors of the Federal Reserve System , and the informed public generally , as to what constitutes a reasonable degree of price stability . 
On the plus side , Genentech is benefiting from a lower tax rate due to its research outlays , giving a boost to earnings , she said . 
Yet they somehow think that Wall Street is indifferent to losing the tax cut that seemed so close Friday morning and is now problematic . 
Even suburban Prince George 's County , Md. , reported last week there have been a record 96 killings there this year , most of them drug-related . 
Waxman Industries Inc. said holders of $ 6,542,000 face amount of its 6 1\/4 % convertible subordinated debentures , due March 15 , 2007 , have elected to convert the debt into about 683,000 common shares . 
Six months ago , as some personnel specialists saw it , a perception that President Bush really cared about fair employment -- after what they said was eight years of Reagan-era neglect -- was prodding top management to raise hiring goals for females , blacks and other minorities . 
Mr. Roberts continues as treasurer , and Mr. Wonham remains responsible for the offices of comptroller , planning , marketing and general services . 
After a three-year nightmare of uncertain oil prices , draconian budget cuts and sweeping layoffs , fear is finally leaving the oil patch . 
The balance-sheet detail was opposed by many banks and thrifts that felt the cost of supplying such data was n't worth the value of the disclosures . 
Says Mr. Simpson : `` The script was unreadable . 
After eight moves by each side , the board was the same as in a game in which Nigel Short of Great Britain fought the champion to a draw in 1980 . 
Hiroyuki Wada , general manager of the stock department at Okasan Securities , said Monday 's trading was `` unfocused . '' 
As a group , their cash position of 10.2 % of assets in August -- the latest figure available -- is 14 % higher than two years earlier . 
`` If HUD is to be reformed , '' it concluded , Members of Congress will `` have to start looking into , and doing something about , the practices of their colleagues . '' 
The rumor , which has been neither confirmed nor denied , has China buying 125,000 to 200,000 bales for near-term delivery . 
The company has expressed a preference for GM over Ford because GM has promised it would keep Jaguar independent . 
Salaam . 
Teddy , the eldest of Max 's sons , has made the most dramatic escape by becoming a professor of philosophy at an American university . 
It has more drug users than Boston has people . 
Royal Bank of Canada , Grand Cayman branch ( Canada ) -- 100 million Canadian dollars of 10 3\/4 % deposit notes due Nov. 30 , 1994 , priced at 101 3\/4 to yield 10.78 % less full fees , via RBC Dominion Securities International Ltd . 
Beantown scribes , who spare no invective when taking on local luminaries such as Michael `` Pee Wee '' Dukakis , or New England Patriots Coach Raymond `` Rev. Ray '' Berry , yesterday poured ridicule on new drawings of Globe columnists that replaced old photos in the revamped pages this week . 
Meanwhile , Toyota Motor Corp. 's $ 247 million buildup is increasing its annual capacity by 180,000 cars , and Honda is spending $ 317 million on expansion . 
`` This is n't a technology issue , but an attitude issue , '' he says . 
Yesterday , Goldman Sachs , Merrill Lynch and Dean Witter all increased the proportion of assets they recommend investors commit to stocks . 
The surplus was two billion rand in the second quarter and 2.7 billion rand in the first quarter . 
OUSTED EXECUTIVES over 50 years old take slightly less time than their younger colleagues to find a job -- 3.23 months vs. 3.26 for the juniors -- outplacement firm Challenger , Gray & Christmas finds . 
Consumer prices climbed a moderate 0.2 % in September , mostly due to higher clothing costs . 
`` Lloyd 's is on the ropes , '' says Peter Nutting , a Lloyd 's investor for 17 years who now leads a dissident group threatening to sue exchange underwriters for alleged mismanagement and negligence . 
The Labor Department said wage increases in manufacturing industries continue to be smaller than those in other industries . 
There will be recreation and movie rooms . 
`` Institutions that usually buy retail paper have to be more concerned . '' 
Claiming program trading has turned the Big Board into a `` gambling casino , '' Contel Chairman Charles Wohlstetter said that he and at least 20 other corporate executives are forming an unprecedented alliance . 
But the fiercely competitive Mr. Corry quickly showed he 's no pushover . 
They have maintained that banks remain interested in financing the transaction . 
President Bush will veto a bill funding the Departments of Labor , Education and Health and Human Services because it would allow federal funding of abortions for victims of rape and incest , the White House said . 
Italian news reports said Mr. Carboni and a colleague obtained 1.2 billion lire in checks from a Vatican official , Pavel Hnilica . 
Cost and expenses for the quarter , excluding interest , increased 6.1 % to $ 333.3 million from $ 314 million the year before . 
Revenue : $ 899.6 million 
Still , Akzo has n't yet found a way to achieve another goal : a large presence in the U.S. market for prescription drugs . 
For the long-term investor who picks stocks carefully , the price volatility can provide welcome buying opportunities as short-term players scramble frantically to sell stocks in a matter of minutes . 
One source familiar with the airline said , however , that Mr. Corr was n't informed in advance during the summer when Mr. Lorenzo began discussions with potential buyers . 
The government defines excessive profits as those above the average realized for other similar-sized properties in an area . 
Casino revenues and hotel occupancy rates are high . 
At least , that 's a theme emerging among many money managers who are anxious both to preserve the handsome stock-market gains they have already achieved this year and to catch the next wave of above-average performers . 
Sarah Hall , an analyst at James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , says there is n't much Cathay can do about rising costs for jet fuel , Hong Kong 's tight labor market , or the strengthening of the local currency , which is pegged to the U.S. dollar . 
Tom Mongan 
Called a `` married put , '' the technique is carried out by purchasing a stock and simultaneously buying a put option on that stock . 
The acquisition brings together the two largest competitors to Home Shopping Network Inc. , which now reaches more viewers than any other company in the video shopping industry . 
It originates in a Bush administration decision not to antagonize the U.S. Congress and avoid , at all costs , being accused of meddling in the region . 
You 're looking at a guy whose motorcade was attacked in Bolivia by the drug terrorists , so I 'm personally a veteran of this war . 
Explonaft will develop application guidelines for lubricants , sell high-quality mineral oils , and offer services in industrial cleaning and related fields . 
Fullerton , Calif . 
Last year , a federal appeals court in St. Louis said the preamble was unconstitutional , citing an earlier Supreme Court ruling that states ca n't justify stricter abortion curbs by changing the definition of when life begins . 
Despite the dire assessments of knowledgeable garden professionals , Ms. Bartlett 's South Gardens design somehow continues on , seemingly impervious to reason , stalled only by bureaucratic lethargy and logistical complications . 
South Korea and the Soviet Union have no diplomatic relations but exchanged trade offices earlier this year . 
One color photo displays a rainbow of dress shirts tied in a knot ; another picture shows neckties with bold designs . 
In the wake of Campeau 's problems , prices of junk bonds tumbled , throwing into doubt the ability of corporate acquirers to finance large takeovers with the help of junk bond sales . 
The move followed a round of similar increases by other lenders against Arizona real estate loans , reflecting a continuing decline in that market . 
NESB is also the parent of Omnibank . 
AT&T said third-quarter net income grew , despite stiff competition in all of the company 's markets . 
Two years ago , the district decided to limit the bikes to fire roads in its 65,000 hilly acres . 
Mr. Hickey added that the stones found in Hong Kong are thought to carry double the U.S. radiation limit , although he noted that double or even triple the U.S. limit is `` still in the range of safe levels . '' 
Now , the nationwide average yield on a six-month CD is just under 8 % , and 8.5 % is about the best around . 
An interest rate is guaranteed for between one and seven years , after which holders get 30 days to choose another guarantee period or to switch to another insurer 's contract without the surrender charges that are common to annuities . 
For instance , he noted , the Fed studies have shown that blacks receive more home improvement loans than whites . 
Kerry P. Charlet will become executive vice president , and retain his positions as chief financial officer and treasurer . 
Rated single-B-1 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue , which is non-callable for five years , will be sold through underwriters led by Morgan Stanley & Co . 
At least two companies , Cadwell Laboratories Inc. of Kennewick , Wash. , and Novametrix Medical Systems Inc. of Wallingford , Conn. , now sell versions of the magnetic devices . 
Solar-powered batteries will make the spire glow . 
If Mr. McDonough has his way , the Poles will compensate for the trade center 's emissions of carbon dioxide , a prime suspect in the global atmospheric warming many scientists fear . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , New York Times closed at $ 28.125 a share , down 37.5 cents . 
A slim majority ( 51 % ) think stock prices will be higher in August 1990 than they were in August 1989 . 
Mr. Jelenic had been executive vice president for operations . 
Still , employees do occasionally try to smuggle out a gem or two . 
UAL Corp. 's board quashed any prospects for an immediate revival of a labor-management buy-out , saying United Airlines ' parent should remain independent for now . 
Reebok added that Mr. Fireman will assume the title of president . 
Though the market was stronger , dealers said fresh buying interest was sidelined ahead of a potential market-affecting debate in the House of Commons set for Tuesday . 
This year , it has moved to cut costs in its newspaper division through layoffs and asset sales , while reaching joint venture and acquisition agreements in other areas . 
HomeFed Corp. said third-quarter net income slid 14 % to $ 23.9 million , or $ 1.10 per fully diluted share , from $ 27.9 million , or $ 1.21 a fully diluted share , because of increased bad assets and unexpected trouble in unloading foreclosed property . 
A group of investors recently bought the remaining assets of Spendthrift , hoping to rebuild it . 
Other areas targeted by the survey 's respondents included difficulty obtaining or maintaining public benefits ( 22 % ) , consumer fraud ( 15.4 % ) , and health-care issues ( 15 % ) . 
Georgia Gulf had 24.9 million shares outstanding on average in the quarter , compared with 28.6 million in the third quarter of 1988 , adjusted for a stock split paid in January 1989 . 
Graphics , communications and peripheral control chips were combined because , increasingly , multiple functions are being governed by a single chip . 
`` Such determination may translate into extreme physical , emotional and financial costs , '' the letter warns . 
In a last-ditch effort to keep its sales force and customer base , Integrated Resources Inc. said it agreed in principle to transfer ownership of its broker-dealer subsidiary to two of its top executives . 
The five-member Atlantis crew will conduct several experiments , including growing plants and processing polymeric materials in space , before their scheduled landing at Edwards Air Force Base , Calif. , Monday . 
For several years some European countries have complained that outdated Cocom lists and restrictions served more to hamper their trade than to add to Western security . 
Columbia S&L posted a quarterly loss of $ 226.3 million as the Beverly Hills thrift reeled from new industry rules and turmoil in junk bonds . 
Mr. Engelken , now a transit-association executive in Washington , D.C. , and Mr. Thomson , a paper-products salesman in Montvale , N.J. , had n't even talked to each other . 
Closing of the transaction is subject to certain conditions and regulatory approvals , the company said . 
A disaster-contingency plan in which the Los Angeles Fed would come to San Francisco 's aid was n't needed , he adds . 
Navigation Mixte said it would n't have any comment until its board meets Wednesday . 
But he put off a firm decision while his aides and legislators searched for a compromise that would tighten requirements for such abortions in a way acceptable to the president . 
`` What you look for in a shadow jury is very much what you do when you give an opening argument to your wife or a friend and get some response to it . 
If both copies of a certain gene were knocked out , benign polyps would develop . 
He means the rule that a player ca n't cut it after a certain age . 
If directors or producers phone me and say they know ` Liz , ' I know they 've never met her . 
Raymond Chandler , in a 1950 letter defending a weak Hemingway book , likened a champion writer to a baseball pitcher . 
The Swedish Academy in Stockholm cited the 73-year-old Cela for `` rich and intensive prose . '' 
Operating profit for world-wide tobacco products rose 10 % to $ 247.6 million . 
An assassin in Colombia killed a federal judge on a Medellin street . 
Brink 's operating profit was about flat with the year-earlier period , reflecting continued pricing and cost pressures . 
According to the Value Line Investment Survey , demand for Nekoosa 's commodity paper has weakened , prompting earnings to decline by 6.6 % in the third quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
`` The most important thing is that he have a chance . '' 
People have a sense the government is ignoring the real problems in our society . '' 
That rose to nearly 18 % during the Depression , and has n't changed much since . 
The p53 gene has just been implicated in lung cancer . 
Still , in recent days , machinists ' union leaders have shown some new flexibility . 
The preamble says that human life begins at conception and that unborn children have rights protected by the Constitution . 
Among the possible suitors is Italy 's Fiat S.p . A , analysts said last week . 
Like many sports buffs , Mr. Engelken has turned cynic . 
Adjusters must count the number of bathrooms , balconies , fireplaces , chimneys , microwaves and dishwashers . 
In federal court in Manhattan , three defendants pleaded guilty to charges of fraud in connection with the sale of fake Salvador Dali lithographs . 
By late last night , Globe Managing Editor Thomas Mulvoy , bending to the will of his troops , scrapped the new drawings . 
What does this mean for trade policy ? 
Shamir said Tuesday that he was prepared to risk a policy conflict with the U.S. over an Egyptian plan to hold direct Israeli-Palestinian talks , which the premier 's Likud bloc opposes . 
Mobil , Shell and Chevron had declines . 
Dozens of workers were injured , authorities said . 
In addition to Carat , WCRS will hold onto its public relations , TV programming and other businesses . 
But for South Gardens , the grid was to be a 3-D network of masonry or hedge walls with real plants inside them . 
In recent weeks , traders said , Chemical has sold more than $ 1 billion of tax-free bonds . 
Bill Murphy , director of the new marketing unit , said Meredith is negotiating other large-scale packages with leading companies in several product categories , but he would n't disclose their names . 
Once fat and happy , the Cowboys now are losing games , fans and money . 
Mr. Hahn said Georgia-Pacific has accounted in its strategy for a `` significant downturn '' in the pulp and paper industry , an event that he said would temporarily dilute earnings . 
First Tennessee , assisted by IBM , said it will attempt to place the employees within the company , IBM or other companies in Memphis . 
The Financial Accounting Foundation voted 12-2 that FASB accounting rules supercede GASB rules in regard to utilities , hospitals , and colleges and universities owned by the government . 
No one has alleged that the donations were by themselves illegal . 
Essentially , Mr. Freeman had invested heavily in the Beatrice leveraged buy-out , when he was told by another prominent trader , Bernard `` Bunny '' Lasker , that the deal was in trouble . 
Pound concerns aside , the lack of strong buying interest in the yen is another boon for the dollar , many traders say . 
Compaq Computer Corp. said that its net income rose 51 % in the third quarter , bolstered by unusual gains from its investment in a disk-drive maker and reflecting continued growth in its European operations . 
The citation was misstated in Friday 's edition . 
U.S. pharmaceutical sales rose 15 % , led by allergy , asthma and cold products ; dermatological products ; anti-infectives and anti-cancer products ; and cardiovascular products . 
Partners at other accounting firms say that the Deloitte firm in the U.K. is filing the suit to get even with the merged Deloitte-Touche firm for keeping major auditing work in England . 
The company also cited retail trade and consumer demand for new products introduced this year , such as Cherry Merry Muffin and Turtle Tots . 
Today , Sen. Mitchell and other leading Democrats plan to turn up the heat again by holding a news conference to bash the proposal . 
`` Their attitude is , ` You want to talk mainframes , we 'll talk mainframes , ' '' says one computer industry executive . 
Brooks Brothers is also remodeling its stores . 
It could work . 
Searle , a unit of Monsanto Co. , said the `` beta-blocker '' high-blood-pressure drug Kerlone is the first product to reach the market through Lorex Pharmaceuticals , the U.S. company jointly owned by Searle and Synthelabo , a French pharmaceutical concern owned by France 's L'Oreal S.A . 
These movements were offset , however , by a steep rise in corporate income tax payments to 199 million francs from 35 million in the first six months of 1988 . 
Champion International Corp. 's third-quarter profit dropped 17 % , reflecting price declines for certain paper products , operating problems at certain mills , and other factors . 
My vision is to change human consciousness towards touch . 
Iowa 's will be the second highest -- at $ 4.65 an hour in January 1992 -- but small-business lobbyists won an exclusion for tiny concerns and a lower training rate . 
The debentures are available through Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
We are willing to share the political burden of being host to America , an imperial power . 
`` That means stocks , bonds , money market instruments and real estate . '' 
Yesterday , in composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Vermont American common closed at $ 39.75 , off 25 cents . 
But now , Peter Behrendt , president , says , `` We 're making decisions on a day-to-day basis . '' 
The offering , Series 1989-83 , is backed by Fannie Mae 9 % securities . 
Colgate said net income for the quarter rose to $ 76.7 million , or $ 1.06 a share , on sales that increased 6 % to $ 1.3 billion . 
He has designed furniture and homes as well as commercial and office space . 
Yesterday , in heavy , national over-the-counter trading , Lotus shares rose to $ 32.50 , up $ 1.25 apiece , capping a threemonth run-up of more than 40 % . 
`` There will be a lot of malice . '' 
The White House used television appearances and leaks to argue that congressionally imposed restrictions on covert actions made U.S. support for such coups difficult . 
The sale price of the unit , which makes packaging products , was to consist of cash , notes and an amount to be determined by the unit 's future performance . 
`` That is a minimum figure , and I underscore minimum , '' said House Speaker Thomas Foley ( D. , Wash . ) after conferring with California lawmakers . 
Many hairline cracks in the concrete slabs afterwards . 
For all of 1988 , Dumez had group profit of 452 million francs after payment to minority interests . 
The network deals a lot with unknowns , including Scott Wentworth , who portrayed Mr. Anderson , and Bill Alton as Father Jenco , but the network has some big names to contend with , too . 
`` It 's a good indication that level of profitability has peaked for the industry , '' says Vahid Fathi , metals analyst with Prescott , Ball & Turben Inc. , who had estimated Reynolds would earn about $ 2.35 a share . 
That suit and Exxon 's countersuit were filed in a state court in Anchorage . 
And pressure by big investors forced Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. to sweeten Chicago & North Western 's $ 475 million junk bond offering . 
The aerospace concern earned $ 28.8 million , or 61 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Imo Industries Inc. -- $ 150 million of senior subordinated debentures due 2001 , priced at par to yield 12 % . 
And a Democratic aide to a Banking Committee member remarks , `` I too am astounded by it , because Gonzalez has certainly placed a lot of Democratic senators in a very bad position . '' 
A supremely cautious man , the Fed chairman is forever blinking yellow . 
Experts on sales technique say anyone representing a troubled company must walk a fine line . 
California legislators , searching for ways to pay for the $ 4 billion to $ 6 billion in damages from last week 's earthquake , are laying the groundwork for a temporary increase in the state 's sales tax . 
Mr. Staley replied : `` Legislation tends to be compromised . 
One can understand Mr. Bork 's fear that the new right to privacy will become intolerably stretched , though a Supreme Court composed of men and women with realism , guts and a sense of limits should be able to manage it . 
An Exxon official said that at this time the oil company does n't anticipate any additional charges to future earnings relating to the cleanup of oil spilled when one of its tankers rammed into an underwater reef . 
And centenarians fly free in first class . 
The sale , which Pechiney had been eager to make for several months , is still subject to certain unspecified conditions and is expected to be completed during the first quarter of 1990 , the group . 
Some of the funds will used to demolish unstable buildings and clear sites for future construction . 
`` Nobody had the guts to complain . '' 
And other developers may shift from commercial to residential development in the U.S. . 
Selwyn B. Kossuth was named executive director of the commission , effective early November . 
The 1988 period was restated from net income of $ 8 million to correct an overstatement in the company 's Boston Co. subsidiary . 
The leveraged buy-out group of GE Capital now reports to Mr. Carpenter . 
Jaguar shares jumped 23 before easing to close at 654 , up 6 . 
The drug , discovered in 1984 , is metabolized from soil fungus found in Japan . 
Texaco Inc. has purchased an oil-producing company in Texas for $ 476.5 million , its first major acquisition since its legal brawl with Pennzoil Co. began more than four years ago . 
Portfolio managers said expectations are for the issue to be priced at a discount with a coupon of 13 3\/4 % and a yield of about 14 % . 
Heating oil prices also rose . 
We do n't have an absolute deadline and if market conditions are truly awful we might decide it is not the right time , '' to take particular steps , said Michael Prideaux , a B.A.T spokesman . 
Britain 's current account deficit dropped to # 1.6 billion ( $ 2.56 billion ) in September from an adjusted # 2 billion ( $ 3.21 billion ) the previous month , but the improvement comes amid increasing concern that a recession could strike the U.K. economy next year . 
The move was approved at a special shareholders ' meeting yesterday . 
Some European analysts speculated that officials of Saab 's highly profitable Scania truck operation balked at surrendering any of their autonomy . 
The Small Business Administration has received more than 5,000 formal requests for disaster loans because of the hurricane . 
( Mr. Paul says it was n't that high . ) 
The highest-rated show continues to be ABC 's `` Roseanne . '' 
The Nasdaq Financial Index lost about 1 % , or 3.95 , to 448.80 . 
Mr. Amon , 46 years old , is the company 's director of quality assurance ; most recently , he served as vice president , operations , for Coca-Cola Enterprises . 
The challengers will have a big price advantage . 
Another major firm has cut 6,000 workers , 13 % of its staff , since Black Monday . 
`` You need one person to just take care of sales tax , '' says Jennie Tong , executive vice president of Lee Liu & Tong Advertising Inc. , New York . 
In the transaction , Integrated will transfer 100 % ownership of the subsidiary to Gerard M. Lavin , executive vice president of Integrated and head of back-office operations at the subsidiary , and Gary W. Krat , executive vice president of the parent and president of the subsidiary . 
A Turner spokesman would n't speculate on the extent of the charge 's effect on the quarter 's earnings , but said the company continues to expect to report a net loss for 1989 . 
Democrats voted to override by a 3-1 margin , but Republicans were equally firm in support of the president , who has threatened to make abortion a decisive issue on at least three separate fiscal 1990 spending bills . 
The venture plans to announce a final site by late November . 
Labor costs climbed 1.2 % in private industry during the third quarter , matching the second-quarter rise . 
The debentures may be converted into common stock of the Westborough , Mass. , home health care concern at $ 52.50 a share . 
Geoffrey Goodfellow , who dropped out of high school back in the 1970s to manage a computer network at a California research firm , says : `` Old network hands have started to turn off the network because they do n't have time to wade through the muck . '' 
GM is expected to inject roughly # 200 million ( $ 316 million ) by acquiring some Jaguar shares , and then win Jaguar management 's promise of an eventual 30 % stake . 
Revenue for its first quarter ended Sept. 30 was $ 86.4 million , a 95 % increase over the year-ago period . 
He was only the sixth federal judge ever ousted from office after an impeachment trial . 
`` The quality of earnings was n't as high as I expected , '' said Eric Philo , an analyst for Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
In the junk bond market , Imo Industries ' issue of 12-year debentures , considered to be one of the market 's high-quality credits , was priced at par to yield 12 % . 
Magazine editors did not take the criticisms lying down . 
Despite these challenges , Marks & Spencer sees big potential in Brooks Brothers , noting the widely recognized name and global presence . 
Israel 's army lifted a blockade around a Palestinian town in the occupied West Bank , ending a 42-day campaign of seizing cars , furniture and other goods to crush a tax boycott . 
`` Labor takes the biggest single chunk out of the ` food dollar , ' '' says Frank Pankyo of the Food Institute . 
That compares with per-share earnings from continuing operations of 69 cents the year earlier ; including discontinued operations , per-share was 88 cents a year ago . 
Yet the chief reason for the closure , he says , was rooted in a family tradition that would n't allow a bank to bear the Rothschild name without a Rothschild in its management . 
A year earlier , Nationwide Health earned $ 2.4 million , or 29 cents a share . 
Still , Mr. Johnson said , `` our stock is grossly undervalued . '' 
The company had no comment on whether a replacement would be named . 
China 's slide toward recession is beginning to look like a free fall . 
First of all , it is a friendly acquisition in which Rockefeller sought out Mitsubishi Estate and asked it to buy a majority share . 
`` One reason they use Newport Beach is that it sounds swankier than most addresses , '' says David Katz , a U.S. attorney who , until recently , headed a multi-agency Southern California fraud task force . 
Senate leaders traded proposals aimed at speeding action on legislation to narrow the deficit and raise the federal government 's debt limit -- but the major stumbling block remains President Bush 's proposal to cut the capital-gains tax rate . 
Moody 's said it is assessing the strategies Ryder 's management may follow in addressing significant challenges in some major markets . 
The Pentagon foiled the plan . 
Insureres selling these policies market them directly to the public or otherwise do n't use commissioned salesmen ; there is still a load -- annual administrative fees and initial `` setup '' charges -- but I figure that the lack of commission and of `` surrender fees '' for dropping the policy early still saves me a lot . 
Along with Donnelley , says Jacques Massicotte , an analyst with Nesbitt Thomson Deacon Inc. in Montreal , `` Quebecor has positioned itself as one of the two key players . '' 
Guests bring movies on tape , and show their favorite three-to-five minute segments on the screen that unrolls from the ceiling of the Volokhs ' art-nouveau library ( `` the pleasure dome '' ) . 
The rise came as traders continued to dump the pound after the sudden resignation Thursday of British Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson . 
Mr. Cawthorn attributed the decline in third-quarter operating profit to the stronger dollar , which reduces the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars ; to accelerated buying of Rorer products in the second quarter because of a then-pending July 1 price increase , and to higher marketing expenses for Rorer 's Maalox antacid , whose sales and market share in the U.S. had slipped in the first half of 1989 . 
But they were stripped from the Senate bill after staffers estimated penalty revenue would fall by $ 216 million over five years . 
During the Korean War , Gen. Douglas MacArthur demanded and got , in addition to his U.N. command in Korea , his own naval command in Japan , NavforJapan . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Esselte closed yesterday at $ 43.50 a share , up $ 1 . 
He argues California regulators historically have misinterpreted their law -- and he says negotiated sales that are n't pre-registered have been legal all along . 
Thus , a court is poorly positioned to make judgments about the social utility of the expanded rule . 
But the U.S. has one great advantage : The Soviets are universally loathed throughout Ethiopia for what they did to the country this past decade -- famine and all . 
Nevertheless , he adds , `` I would n't get totally shocked if we get lawsuits out of the Bay Bridge . '' 
Compliance added 15 % to 20 % to her accounting bill last year , she says . 
The price in the proposal is $ 43.50 for each of the 4.9 million shares the parent does n't own , or $ 213.2 million . 
Because we refuse to face the tough answers , the questions continue as fodder for the commissions and committees , for the media and politicians . 
They seem to be having the `` worst of both worlds : artistic work with none of art 's integrity and no control over the finished product ; self-employment without fun or profit . '' 
This could mean diminished issuance of derivative mortgage issues during the next few weeks . 
McGill , a Valparaiso , Ind. , ball-bearing manufacturer , had rebuffed BroadBeach 's proposal . 
But if you happen to be coming to Chicago in the next few weeks , do n't fail to have a look at Robert Falls 's `` The Misanthrope '' at the Goodman . 
The analyst said it will take about two to three months before the mine begins to produce copper in significant quantities . 
But parents ' craving for a top-rated education for their children is growing like their taste for fancy wheels and vintage wine . 
Mr. White also predicted a half-point cut in the U.S. discount rate in the near future . 
A company spokesman declined to comment and said that the officials who sold shares would n't comment . 
Spiegel Inc. , citing continuing improvement in the apparel market , said third-quarter net income jumped 65 % from the soft year-earlier period , on an 11 % increase in revenue . 
In today 's markets , specialists ( on the New York Stock Exchange ) and `` upstairs '' market makers ( in the over-the-counter market ) are the only market participants allowed to play a direct role in the price-determination process . 
The share buy-back plan is likely to underpin B.A.T 's share price . 
In the $ 300-a-share buyout , that totaled about $ 76.7 million . 
A new issue , Exabyte , surged 2 1\/8 from its initial offering price to close at 12 1\/8 . 
Jack Greenberg , executive vice president and chief financial officer of McDonald 's , says the company does n't compute , much less disclose , inflation-adjusted , same-store sales . 
That acquisition , which also included the assumption of $ 135 million in debt , was designed to allow Georgia-Pacific to capitalize on the strong demand for softwood pulp , as well as reduce its exposure to the housing market . 
The prime minister , whose hair is thinning and gray and whose face has a perpetual pallor , nonetheless continues to display an energy , a precision of thought and a willingness to say publicly what most other Asian leaders dare say only privately . 
Last Friday 's announcement was the first official word that the project was in trouble and that the company 's plans for a surge in market share may have been overly optimistic . 
Legislation to this effect has been introduced in Congress in this session by Rep. Stephen Neal ( D. , N.C . ) . 
He 's not predicting a blockbuster , but he is `` more optimistic than three months ago '' because employment remains strong and inflation low . 
While results were mixed in many states , `` small business got by fairly well , '' concludes Don L. Robinson , associate director of the National Federation of Independent Business , the largest small-business organization . 
LIN Broadcasting surged 4 5\/8 to 112 5\/8 ; LIN and BellSouth sweetened their merger agreement in an attempt to keep shareholders from tendering their shares to McCaw Cellular Communications . 
`` The stock was going no place and the earnings were so-so , '' said one . 
`` I can assure you , '' attests a 25-year-old lawyer in New Delhi , with a meaningfully raised eyebrow , `` from personal experience , it works . '' 
The damage was to her motor nerves , which could n't be monitored along with the sensory nerves , he explains . 
Analysts have speculated in recent days that the value of offers received by the committee fell well short of what they had hoped , or even that the company 's chairman , president and chief executive officer , Garth Drabinsky , is the only bidder for the company as a whole . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Black & Decker closed at $ 19.75 yesterday , down 25 cents . 
Without more space to incarcerate convicted criminals , he added , `` we will not win the war on drugs . '' 
They closed Tuesday in composite trading at $ 13.625 , down 37.5 cents , giving the stock portion of the transaction an indicated value of $ 38.8 million . 
However , when negotiations bogged down recently , WCRS 's chief executive , Peter Scott , met in Paris with another French firm , Boulet Dru Dupuy Petit , or BDDP . 
One Board member , Bronx Borough President Ferdinand Ferrer , was said to be so impatient with Mr. Dinkins 's behavior at many meetings that he withheld his support for Mr. Dinkins 's mayoral effort until late in the primary campaign . 
Sharp Corp. , Tokyo , said net income in its first half rose 59 % to 18.32 billion yen ( $ 128.9 million ) from 11.53 billion yen a year earlier . 
A heavy , kerchiefed woman runs a handful through her fingers , and counts him out a pile of zlotys . 
`` We said : ` We 've got a product : if you want it , you can buy it , ' '' he says , adding : `` Now we 're figuring out what people need , and are going back to make it . '' 
One San Francisco neighborhood likely to test Mr. Rosen 's theory soon is the city 's fashionable Marina district , which boasts some of the highest home prices in the state . 
The conversion price for the debentures is $ 41.725 a share . 
Mrs. Brown calls the modern-day cultural ambivalence to Filipino a `` language schizophrenia . '' 
EG&G Inc. said it acquired Laboratorium Prof. Dr. Berthold , a German maker of scientific instruments . 
`` I am not aware that there is anything but bipartisan agreement for the general outline '' of the revenue-raising plan , said a spokesman for the governor , after a Monday meeting with legislative leaders over the quake-relief question . 
He already has achieved vertical integration on a limited scale : Quebecor can put a weekly newspaper on almost any Quebec doorstep without using outside help , from chopping down the tree to making the newsprint to flinging it up onto the porch . 
Mortgage-Backed Securities 
The Command 's huge bureaucracy is needed to analyze whether leaders of coups against Gen. Noriega meet the War Powers Act 's six points , Cap Weinberger 's seven points , the Intelligence Committee 's 32 points and Woodrow Wilson 's 14 points necessary to justify U.S. support . 
United met the $ 38 but then withdrew . 
Jack Ellis , a U.S. postal inspector in New York , says the Postal Service 's only job is to deliver the mail to the mail room ; once it gets there , a company can do with it what it wishes . 
`` The technology revolution is going to be very threatening to established producers , '' says Peter Marcus , an analyst with PaineWebber Inc . 
A resistance government would walk into Kabul . 
The defendants could n't immediately be reached for comment . 
In composite trading on the American Stock Exchange , Verit closed unchanged yesterday at $ 3.875 a share . 
For one thing , the Chicago futures exchanges have political and financial clout -- including many friends in Congress . 
AT&T also said net income rose 19 % in the third quarter . 
Now , in the wake of UAL 's troubles in financing its buy-out , the airline raiding game has been grounded . 
The charge will be added to $ 20 million in reserves established a year ago to cover the cost overruns . 
`` We 're an investor , '' Mr. Morishita says , sitting back in his purple gallery filled with some 20 Monets and Renoirs . 
The South was off 2 % after the first nine months , while the North Central region was up 3 % . 
Profit from the calls goes to charity , but ABC Sports also uses the calls as a sales tool : After thanking callers for voting , Frank Gifford offers a football videotape for $ 19.95 , and 5 % of callers stay on the line to order it . 
Most bond prices fell , but junk bonds and the dollar rose . 
Early intervention into these types of problems can apparently save businesses long-term expense associated with hospitalization , which sometimes results when these problems go untreated for too long . 
Mr. Miles 's newly purchased shares are now worth $ 1,068,000 , based on Philip Morris 's closing price of $ 44.50 , up 62.5 cents , in composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange yesterday . 
In England , this would mean that the British Deloitte would lose revenue for its audit of GM 's Vauxhill unit . 
Recruiter Donald Clark does note an increase in searches for minority candidates . 
The funds received from pharmaceutical firms are used to offset physician symposiums , and these symposiums do not stress any particular medication or manufacturer . 
Barry F. Willman , an analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , estimates the 9000 could boost sales by more than $ 1 billion in the fiscal year beginning in July . 
`` You people here think this is Russian music , '' she said with disdain , and called over to the waitress : `` Could you turn it off ? '' 
But yesterday , the company said this year 's profit will be lower . 
That announcement was roundly criticized by Mayor Koch -- who has endorsed Mr. Dinkins -- because the city faces a garbage crisis and has already spent $ 5 million planning for an incinerator that would be scrapped under Mr. Dinkins 's proposal . 
He estimates that the price of West Texas Intermediate , the U.S. benchmark crude , was $ 4.04 a barrel higher during the third quarter of this year than in the same period last year . 
In states that raised the speed limit on rural interstates , the fatality rate rose about 18 % to 1.7 deaths per 100 million miles traveled between 1986 and 1988 . 
What 's really going on here ? 
But yesterday 's announcement indicates that Ford has n't lost interest . 
Headed by a former Waffen SS sergeant and working from a nationalistic platform of anti-foreigner rhetoric , the fledgling Republicans party has scored surprising gains in earlier elections in the states of West Berlin , Hesse and North-Rhine Westphalia . 
But only 17.5 % said they had more than half their money in the stock market . 
Results were also bolstered by `` a very meaningful '' increase in operating profit by Colgate 's U.S. business , Mr. Mark said . 
Its largest previous rise this year came Aug. 7 , when it gained 4.31 . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the debt ratings of certain long-term debt held by this company . 
At a news conference , Mr. Nadeau said the sale of the three non-food businesses , which account for nearly half the company 's C$ 900 million in assets , should be completed in a `` matter of months . '' 
The rest is listed on Spanish stock exchanges . 
Later it was performed on Radio Bremen in Germany , and then Lucinda Childs took it for one of her dance pieces . 
Most of the evening , though , is filled with rare and welcome wit . 
In search of buyers for upscale department-store chains such as Bloomingdale 's and Saks Fifth Avenue , investment bankers are turning to -- who else ? The Japanese . 
Those withdrawals , most of which were transferred to other T. Rowe Price funds , followed little change in the fund 's sales picture this year through August . 
The talks between Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine and his GOP counterpart , Sen. Robert Dole of Kansas , are expected to resume today . 
In testimony recorded in the grand jury report , court employees said the judge , now 59 years old , harassed his secretaries , made imperial demands on his staff and hounded anyone who crossed him . 
Fireman 's Fund said it has applied for an exemption from these rate rollbacks , and plans to defend its filing in hearings before the department . 
An Henri Matisse , auctioned last Wednesday , fetched $ 12.4 million , a world record for the artist . 
`` Such other amounts will be made available subsequently as required , '' the legislation reads , and the new obligations `` shall not be a charge against the Budget Act , Gramm-Rudman-Hollings , or other ceilings . 
They note that he has adorned his office with five photos of George Bush , one of them featuring the First Dog , Millie . 
Margins were raised or lowered about a dozen times since the crash Oct. 19 , 1987 . 
Jujo Paper said its pretax profit rose 0.3 % to 13.05 billion yen from 13.02 billion yen . 
He said he set up shop on the sidewalk in front of his town-house office and helped victims apply for federal aid -- free of charge . 
He expected as much . 
-- The U.S.S.R. has taken unprecedented unilateral measures of openness , by giving American representatives a possibility to inspect the building site of the Krasnoyarsk radar as well as radar vans in the areas of Gomel and Moscow , so as to see for themselves that there are no violations of the ABM treaty of 1972 on the part of the Soviet Union . 
Corporate bonds were unchanged . 
I 'm not prepared in any case to put that much money into a policy immediately , so I look into the broad category called universal life . 
The author of the futuristic novel `` 1984 '' invented a language called Newspeak that made it impossible to fully develop a heretical thought -- that is , anything negative about the policies and practices of the state . 
`` The loss is in line with our expectations , '' said John C. Maxwell III , an analyst with Dillon , Read & Co. in New York . 
`` From a cash flow point of view , British Airways is better off not being in United Airlines in the short term , '' said Andy Chambers , an analyst at Nomura Research Institute in London . 
Not to judge by `` Settle the Score , '' in which Mr. Sohmer seems to be settling a score of his own . 
Readers of these columns ( `` The Science Police , '' May 15 ) will recall that Dr. Baltimore was merely the most well-known part of the Dingell committee 's larger investigation , which touched MIT , Tufts , Duke , the National Institutes of Health and elsewhere . 
A group including New York investors Douglas A. Kass and Anthony Pedone holds the equivalent of a 12.6 % stake in H.H. Robertson Co. 's common shares outstanding , according to a filing with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
This test was the first to predict reliably whether an individual could expect to develop cancer . 
Two of the 757-200s are new aircraft to be delivered to American Trans Air , the main subsidiary of Amtran Inc. , in December 1991 and January 1992 . 
The exchanges say liquidity becomes a severe problem for thinly traded contracts such as those with a long time remaining before expiration . 
The computer would let the machine run just until that order was filled , eliminating waste . 
Keeping the Japanese happy will be one of the most important tasks facing conservative leader Ernesto Ruffo when he takes office Nov. 1 , as the first opposition governor in Mexico 's modern history . 
Other technology stocks that were weaker included Intel , which fell 1 1\/4 to 33 1\/2 on 1.9 million shares , Mentor Graphics , down 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 on 1.6 million shares , Sun Microsystems , which slipped 3\/8 to 18 1\/4 , and MCI Communications , down 1 to 42 3\/4 . 
They believe the media , including `` Batibot , '' have played a crucial role . 
He cites IBM , which reported a 30 % earnings decline in the third quarter , and which last week announced a $ 1 billion buy-back of its shares . 
In the year-ago quarter , the software developer reported pro forma earnings of $ 4.8 million , or 24 cents a share . 
The 1988 results included a one-time gain . 
As long as a decade ago , Mrs. Thatcher declared she did n't want debate in her cabinet ; she wanted strong government . 
When the Soviets announced their last soldier had left Afghanistan in February , the voices of skepticism were all but drowned out by an international chorus of euphoria . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Some of the recent selling could actually be considered a positive sign . 
He said certain volunteers developed kinds of antibodies associated with early AIDS . 
Some people tend to ignore that a 50-point move is less in percentage terms than it was when the stock market was lower . 
-- Lee Wakeman , vice president in charge of options research who discovered the valuation errors and was asked by senior management to straighten out the mess , resigned to take a position in asset and liability management at Continental Bank in Chicago . 
Or those who choose not to farm can lease their lands and crop allotments for handsome sums . 
In 1900 , for instance , less than 8 % of assets went into bank deposits . 
Millicom Inc. , offering of $ 60 million subordinated exchangeable debentures , via Bear , Stearns & Co. Inc . 
The problem here is not in the concept but in its lack of discrimination . 
Mr. Payson , an art dealer and collector , sold Vincent van Gogh 's `` Irises '' at a Sotheby 's auction in November 1987 to Australian businessman Alan Bond . 
Donna Rice of Gary Hart fame failed to obtain a book contract and lost her modeling contract for `` No Excuses '' jeans . 
If , for example , they choose to keep the B-2 Stealth bomber , they would have to sacrifice more and more other programs -- such as carrier battlegroups or army divisions -- as they moved toward lower budget levels . 
Most sleep on the floor . 
Interactive telephone technology has taken a new leap in sophistication , and television programmers are racing to exploit the possibilities . 
`` Two or three years ago , the problem was that people did n't understand the prepayment risk , '' says Nomura 's Mr. Kato . 
When a David Baltimore -- or the next target -- decides it is better to stand up to these forces , his fellow scientists would do well to recognize what is fundamentally at stake , and offer their public support . 
When this plan met resistance , it was agreed instead to take money from HUD to subsidize needed improvements in two settling ponds for the mills , which employ an estimated 1,500 workers , according to Mr. Inouye 's office . 
In papers filed with the federal district court in Pittsburgh , the Justice Department alleged that the ordinance , by limiting the number of group homes that can be established in the township , makes housing unavailable on account of handicap . 
`` They 'll be more timorous in tackling their own voters , like opening up more to agricultural imports from America , hurting their farmers . '' 
Donald Trump , who faced rising doubt about his bid for American Airlines parent AMR Corp. even before a United Airlines buy-out came apart Friday , withdrew his $ 7.54 billion offer . 
Apparently acknowledging weaker U.S. sales systemwide , McDonald 's vowed `` to use our size and muscle to do all that is necessary to build the brand . '' 
Mr. Schwartz said the recent increase in orders `` puts us well on the way to our goal of $ 1.6 billion in bookings for the year . '' 
Mr. Ackerman contended that it was a direct response to his efforts to gain control of Datapoint . 
China 's top film actress , Liu Xiaoqing , paid $ 4,555 in back taxes and fines in Shandong province , the People 's Daily reported . 
The CompuServe subsidiary ( which provides information to home-computer users ) is `` where the growth is , '' he said , but its format is `` still too complicated . '' 
He attributed that to the issue 's aggressive pricing and large size , as well as the general lethargy in the municipal marketplace . 
Yesterday , even before the resignations were announced , the index dove 32.5 points to close at 2129.4 . 
But David Lord , managing editor of Consultants News , an industry publication based in Fitzwilliam , N.H. , said an industry standard would suggest a purchase price of between one and two times Cleveland Consulting 's approximately $ 15 million annual revenue . 
So how did a good senator like this end up approving a policy that required the U.S. to warn Mr. Noriega of any coup plot against him ? 
Then , last Friday , Ford 's talks about a possible alliance with Saab-Scania AB of Sweden collapsed . 
Insurers may see claims resulting from the San Francisco earthquake totaling nearly $ 1 billion -- far less than the claims they face from Hurricane Hugo -- but the recent spate of catastrophes should jolt property insurance rates in coming months . 
The offer consists of $ 410.5 million in cash and the rest in notes . 
But of course it would be highly unusual for an investment fund such as Steinhardt Partners to take over a company . 
The company supplies drives to Compaq and Zenith Data Systems , the top two U.S. manufacturers of laptops , and to Toshiba Corp. , NEC Corp. and Sharp Corp. , the leading Japanese laptop makers . 
We did n't think a sleeping { Bell } mentality would be willing to take on dilution . '' 
`` Although it probably has reduced the level of expenditures for some purchasers , utilization management -- like most other cost containment strategies -- does n't appear to have altered the long-term rate of increase in health-care costs , '' the Institute of Medicine , an affiliate of the National Academy of Sciences , concluded after a two-year study . 
Also slowing growth in the U.S. were lackluster results for P&G 's cooking oils , which had a strong year-earlier first quarter . 
Revenue slipped 1.2 % to $ 2.21 billion from $ 2.23 billion . 
In national over-the-counter trading , LIN shares soared $ 4.625 to closed at $ 112.625 , while McCaw fell $ 2.50 a share to $ 37.75 . 
I think this repeal was kind of a thoughtless action , as a matter of fact ... . 
Drexel 's efforts to settle its legal troubles are being resisted by at least 10 states . 
Finally , as shown in the table , Democrats allocate a higher proportion of their personal staffs to district offices -- where local benefit-seeking duties matter more and national policy making activities matter less relative to Washington offices . 
In the nine months , net income fell 79 % to $ 31.1 million , or 33 cents a share , from $ 149.3 million , or $ 1.82 a share , a year earlier . 
And the total amount of junk financing will be reduced . 
But U.S. officials say they are n't satisfied these incidents constitute terrorism because they may be offshoots of the intifadah , the Palestinian rebellion in the occupied territories , which the U.S. does n't classify as terrorism . 
Other active stocks included Jaguar , whose American depositary receipts added 1\/8 to 11 1\/4 . 
The idea was to let small investors , the backbone of the fund business , deal in the money market 's high short-term interest rates . 
What makes the veteran FBI man so endearing is his hard-bitten cynicism -- earned , we discover , when he was assigned to the civil rights movement back in the 1960s . 
Private-sector leaders praised the Conasupo restructuring . 
As policy-makers draw up proposals for the next five-year plan , which starts in 1991 , the blueprint represents a powerful first shot in what is likely to be a fierce battle over economic reform . 
There may be forces that would delay this scenario . 
Partly in response , a bipartisan group of senators from the finance and labor committees is drafting a plan to attract broader support . 
McCaw 's offer is scheduled to expire tomorrow . 
Now it says it 'll trim another 1,200 jobs over the next three to four years . 
Seeing new office buildings sprout up and its sales soar , Daikin is building another plant , which will lift its production capacity 50 % . 
As the air clears from last week 's storm of resignations and reshufflings , the government faces a daunting job of rebuilding confidence in its policies . 
Donald J. Amaral , 37 years old , was named president and chief operating officer of this owner and operator of hospitals , nursing centers and retirement hotels . 
It will have 11.8 million shares outstanding after the offering , with Healthdyne owning about 65 % of the total . 
The large increase in Customs Service air-interdiction funds is also intended to counter smuggling , and the annual appropriations level has more than quadrupled in five years . 
Sources said a `` complex and detailed '' announcement of a joint agreement between General Motors and Jaguar would be made by Jaguar `` some time in the next 2 1\/2 weeks . 
That 's the rule . 
In Chicago yesterday , Options Clearing confirmed that it guarantees the Pacific exchange options . 
The people with a stake in Nevada 's gambling industry believe that they have barely tapped the potentially huge family trade . 
But they disagree about the message these settlements give to the public . 
These programs could be expanded to focus on funds for project planning , identifying sources of funds , and for acquiring a site and preparing it . 
Omni Capital Group surged 1 3\/4 to 16 1\/4 . 
`` The information-systems industry is still going to be a high-growth business , and we 're confident that we have tremendous assets as a company . 
The information company also cited the stronger dollar , the sale last year of its former Official Airline Guides unit and other factors . 
So the potato crop , once 47 million tons , is down to 35 million . 
New customers , the source of higher commissions for salespeople and the key to Wang 's long-term viability , are even tougher . 
Furthermore , a U.S. rejection of the capital increase ( and transfer of shares to Japan ) would give Japan an argument against future calls for economic burden-sharing . 
Such a dual role would be `` impractical and unethical , '' Warner said , adding , `` that concept is as silly as suggesting that the head coach of the Los Angeles Dodgers could simultaneously be general manager of the San Francisco Giants . '' 
Some entrepreneurs are still active , though . 
Earlier this year , Tata Iron & Steel Co. 's offer of $ 355 million of convertible debentures was oversubscribed . 
Third , the theory suggests why legislators who pay too much attention to national policy making relative to local benefit-seeking have lower security in office . 
USX gained 1\/2 to 33 3\/8 on a report in Business Week magazine that investor Carl Icahn is said to have raised his stake in the oil and steel company to just about 15 % . 
As a result , GOP state Rep. Stephen Freind of Delaware County , the legislature 's leading foe of abortion , has been given all but free rein to press a strict seven-point plan to restrict abortion and , he hopes , to force the Supreme Court directly to reassess its 1973 Roe v. Wade decision that established the right of abortion in the first place . 
Merchants discovered a consumer largely ignored by higher-priced furriers : the younger woman -- even in her late 20s -- who never thought she could buy a mink . 
I 'm 33 , married , no children , and employed in writing stories like this one . 
BankAmerica spokesmen said preliminary reports indicate the company was n't materially affected by the Tuesday earthquake . 
The bid for Great Northern , a notice of which appears in an advertisement in today 's Wall Street Journal , is the first big takeover offer since the collapse of a $ 6.79 billion buy-out of United Airlines parent UAL Corp. Oct. 13 . 
`` Cheerios and Honey Nut Cheerios have eaten away sales normally going to Kellogg 's corn-based lines simply because they are made of oats , '' says Merrill Lynch food analyst William Maguire . 
Vanguard Group said it had a more than $ 50 million net inflow into its stock funds last week . 
A.P. Green Industries advanced 1 5\/8 to 36 1\/8 . 
Even so , few had ever dealt with an earthquake . 
Sales increased 10 % to $ 2.65 billion from $ 2.41 billion . 
Boatmen 's Bancshares Inc. -- $ 150 million of 9 1\/4 % subordinated notes due Nov. 1 , 2001 , priced at 99.821 to yield 9.275 % . 
`` There 's a question whether brokers at the time were fully aware '' of the risks . 
`` But I 'm not one of these great dollar bears you see more of these days , '' Mr. Zapfel said . 
The Hun Sen regime has sent thousands of conscript laborers to die of malaria and malnourishment while building Cambodia 's equivalent of the Berlin Wall near the Thai border . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5820 , up from $ 1.5795 late Friday . 
`` It was whooosh ! '' said one futures trader . 
Travelers crowded into subways , sat in traffic jams on major freeways or waited for buses in the rain , but the massive gridlock anticipated by officials in the San Francisco Bay area never materialized . 
National leaders stopped by his stand to commend his achievements . 
Despite the Orange Workers ' intention to put them all out of work , they are in no hurry to leave . 
`` There 's no pressure on OTC stocks at this point , '' said Mr. Mullins , who said some buyers are beginning to shop among smaller OTC issues . 
Last October , Mr. Paul paid out $ 12 million of CenTrust 's cash -- plus a $ 1.2 million commission -- for `` Portrait of a Man as Mars . '' 
But , says Mr. Bock , `` It was a close call . '' 
What matters is that the stocks recommended by your pros tend to be substantially riskier than a diversified portfolio . 
Takeover stock speculation and futures-related program trading drove the industrial average through wide ranges . 
Of course , the greater volatility of the younger couple 's portfolio does n't necessarily mean those investments are riskier in terms of meeting the holders ' long-term goals . 
Typical is one office of the Ministry of International Trade and Industry 's Machinery and Information Industries Bureau -- the main bureaucracy overseeing the computer industry . 
Under the initial proposal , for example , banks would have been required to disclose that portion of allowances for loan losses that reflects specific letters of credit for which customers had defaulted . 
When things are quiet ( low volatility ) , the structures on which markets stand can be relatively inefficient and still perform their functions adequately . 
The southern unemployment rate rose to 21.3 % in July from 21.2 % in April and from 20.6 % a year earlier . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Hewlett-Packard said it now holds 1,384,119 Octel common shares , including 100,000 shares bought from Aug. 26 to Oct. 20 for $ 23.31 to $ 24.25 a share . 
The exchange is gradually being squeezed into narrow , less-profitable segments of the market by less hidebound competitors . 
A congressional staffer involved in drafting the sanctions says they are likely to mirror those Mr. Bush enacted shortly after the massacre . 
That was when the tame old Peasants ' Party , desperate to live through the crisis , broke ranks with the Communists and joined with Solidarity in the East Bloc 's first liberated government . 
But some other analysts have a stormier forecast for the pound , particularly because Britain 's inflation is hovering at a relatively lofty annual rate of about 7.6 % and the nation is burdened with a struggling government and large current account and trade deficits . 
McCaw said it has secured commitments from three banks to help finance its $ 125-a-share bid for 22 million of Lin 's shares . 
The Canadian government plans to auction on Tuesday 750 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 639.9 million ) of 9.25 % bonds due Dec. 1 , 1999 , the Finance Department said . 
The following U.S. Treasury , corporate and municipal offerings are tentatively scheduled for sale this week , according to Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
In 1983 , Texas Air 's Continental Airlines filed for bankruptcy . 
The Palestinians are talking elections . 
The greatest contribution Congress could make at this time would be to declare that stabilizing the price level is the primary responsibility of the Federal Reserve System . 
To transmit charts to branch offices , they use a fax machine . 
The decline broke a streak of 10 quarters in which Dow posted earnings increases . 
The trend has prompted Beijing to intensify efforts to curb imports . 
Ernst & Young said Eastern 's plans will miss its projections of earnings before interest , tax and depreciation by $ 100 million , and that Eastern 's plan presented no comfort level , according to a source present at yesterday 's session . 
The aim would be to end the guerrilla war for control of Cambodia by allowing the Khmer Rouge a small share of power . 
The FM radio band , considered technically superior because it can carry stereo broadcasts , has cornered the airwaves for delivering music . 
Nuovo Banco 's second largest shareholder , the Fiat S.p.A.-controlled investment concern , Gemina S.p.A. , fought to have Generali 's offer approved . 
Among their clinkers were `` The Legend of Billie Jean , '' `` VisionQuest , '' `` Clue '' and `` Clan of the Cave Bear . '' 
But if the market moves quickly enough , it may be impossible for the broker to carry out the order because the investment has passed the specified price . 
Ms. Garman could n't be reached for comment . 
You quote Robert Crandall , chairman of American 's parent , AMR Corp. , as having said that discount deals for big customers would be `` dumb '' because `` you will go to Detroit because you have to go to Detroit whether the fare is $ 175 , $ 275 or $ 375 . '' 
Heating oil finished at 60.6 cents , down 0.45 cent . 
The park is slated to open in 1992 . 
Franchisees ca n't be forced to go along with a franchiser 's discounting . 
Bard\/EMS had 1988 sales of about $ 14 million , Birtcher said . 
Officials believe this has left a gaping loophole that illegal drug businesses are exploiting . 
Defining combat aircraft is even tougher . 
`` Public TV is in fantasy land , '' he said . 
The Tower Commission specifically said that the NSC staff should be `` small '' and warned against letting `` energetic self-starters '' like Lt. Col. Oliver North strike out on their own rather than leaving the day-to-day execution of policies to the State Department , Pentagon or Central Intelligence Agency . 
The slump in profit , which came despite steady sales , was attributed to increased costs for parts and problems with model introductions . 
That will bring the total for the year to 10 , from five during fiscal 1989 . 
The buy-back , which was n't a complete surprise , was announced after the stock market had closed . 
Indeed , the DLJ banker says , in the reborn capital structure cash coverage of interest `` will meaningfully improve . '' 
Then , he asked Mr. Pilson to raise his offer anyway : `` If we can have a number that starts with a three , you can have a dea . '' 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Already , Congress is toying with legislation to curb the Fed 's independence . 
In another case , a protester , Ann O'Brien , was convicted of trespass before the Supreme Court 's Webster ruling . 
`` We urge our people not to wait until they have to fight for their own nation , '' says Mr. Verwoerd . 
Their debt will be well under the $ 1 million limit -- on borrowing to acquire , build , or improve a home -- that qualifies for mortgage-interest deductions . 
Call from Sept. 30 , 1993 , at 100 3\/16 , declining by 1\/16 point a year to to par . 
Also shown is the closing listed market price or a dealer-to-dealer asked price of each fund 's shares , with the percentage of difference . 
In addition , IBM 's growth in software in the third quarter was just 8.8 % , well below historical levels even when adjusted to reflect last year 's payment from Fujitsu and the stronger dollar . 
A price was n't disclosed . 
Also named to the revised board was Thomas A. Loose , Recognition 's senior vice president and general counsel . 
Whittle Communications Limited Partnership , Knoxville , Tenn. , will launch its first media property targeting Hispanic women . 
Pilferage climbed dramatically as many angry employees `` felt abandoned by the former owners , '' says the University of Florida sociologist . 
Judge John E. Sprizzo issued the order in Manhattan federal court , where Sony has accused the tiny company of illegally knocking off the `` My First Sony '' line . 
Car and truck sales slid 20.5 % in mid-October as U.S. manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier in the year . 
`` We 're not asking them to save up 50 proof-of-purchases . 
The new , as yet unnamed , subsidiary will combine Quebecor 's existing printing unit and Maxwell Graphics . 
The DARPA funds are a pittance compared with what Japan and other prospective competitors are spending . 
'' Ford probably would try to kill the proposal by enlisting support from U.S. takeover-stock speculators and holding out the carrot of a larger bid later , said Stephen Reitman , European auto analyst at London brokers UBS Phillips & Drew . 
The charge represents a write-down of the goodwill associated with Poughkeepsie 's investment in the banks it is trying to sell and its North Carolina branches as well . 
The new S&L bailout law allows $ 50 billion to be spent to sell or merge sick S&Ls and their assets , but that is a net cost . 
`` Work hard , play hard '' is advice Best taken with some caution , For it can bring fitness and success Or a state of total exhaustion . 
It is widely expected that they will . 
Washington Red Delicious , by the way , are wholesaling for less than $ 10 a box these days . 
b - As of Thursday 's close . 
But that was off less than at midyear , when completions lagged by 27.1 % . 
A French Crusader crash a few months ago heightened pressure for new planes here . 
Mr. Bullock says 45 % of revenues are tied to construction . 
The new commissioner says that closer scrutiny of how the agency uses its resources will go a long way toward enhancing its ability to collect more tax revenue . 
Commodities : Dow Jones futures index 129.90 , up 0.18 ; spot index 130.36 , up 0.39 . 
`` He does n't usually risk that much unless he thinks he has an ace in the hole , '' adds another Steinhardt Partners alumnus . 
He said Ms. Levine had never been fired , although she had stopped working at the restaurant . 
Industry observers have congratulated Mr. Lang on what some call his `` courageous '' handling of Ms. , but his track record in magazine publishing in general has gotten mixed reviews . 
Her new line of work has some perils . 
But his inexperience raises doubts that he would have the political power to carry them out . 
`` People should remember their money is n't all or nothing -- they do n't need to be shopping for the one interest-rate-type investment and putting all their money in it , '' says Bethesda , Md. , adviser Karen Schaeffer . 
On Storer as a whole , KKR racked up compound annual returns of 60 % in the three years it owned Storer . 
Although the pilots are expected to continue to pursue the bid , UAL Chairman Stephen Wolf may be asked to withdraw from the buy-out effort , at least temporarily , and to return to running the company full time . 
As the market tumbled , disorderly market conditions prevailed : The margins between buying bids and selling bids widened ; trading in many stocks was suspended ; orders took unduly long to be executed ; and many specialists stopped trading altogether . 
Nissan Motor Co. expects net income to reach 120 billion yen ( U.S. $ 857 million ) in its current fiscal year , up from 114.6 billion yen in the previous year , Yutaka Kume , president , said . 
When something undeniably nasty happens , a few euphemisms are deployed to simply make it disappear , much as a fresh grave may be covered by a blanket of flowers . 
They only know of one use for the crop , as a laxative , and with psyllium prices currently languishing in the wake of a bumper crop , they think of the seed as a marginal crop , something to grow between summer wheat crops . 
In his lifetime , 47 years , the Communists brought electricity to his village and piped in drinking water from the reservoir . 
Mr. Noriega 's relationship to American intelligence agencies became contractual in either 1966 or 1967 , intelligence officials say . 
He achieved this in part with an uncanny talent for getting his foot peacefully in the door of established European companies . 
Callable from March 31 , 1992 , at 107 3\/4 , declining two points semi-annually to par . 
`` We 're in environments that are going to spend a lot of money on that . '' 
It also announced an initial public offering of 18 % of its gas exploration and production subsidiary . 
Moreover , 41 companies that paid no federal income tax from 1981 through 1985 -- despite billions of dollars of profits -- ended up paying an average of 27.9 % of their income in federal taxes in 1988 . 
It 's a world leader in semiconductors , but behind the U.S. in making the computers that use those chips . 
`` You 'll see the annual unraveling of it . '' 
I am waiting . 
The department has collected over $ 6.5 million from brokers so far and recommended more than 30 of them for criminal prosecution . 
Mr. Horwitz is a Journal staff reporter covering the Middle East . 
One , for example , came from CBS Records Chairman Walter Yetnikoff , who will head a committee that will oversee Sony 's entertainment division , including both records and movies . 
Recognition Equipment said it expected to put the agreement with Prospect to a vote of its stockholders at a special meeting in January . 
The wage stickiness , which OECD studies confirm is particularly high in Britain , gives its economy a structural bias toward inflation . 
Unfortunately , his mother had tickets for a recital by Itzhak Perlman the same night , and she was adamant about his attending . 
According to the report , completed last month , if China 's trade gap continues to widen at the pace seen in the first seven months of this year , the reserves would be wiped out either in 1990 or 1991 . 
Not unexpectedly , wives , whether working or non-working , did by far the most -- about 80 % of the shopping , laundry and cooking , and about two-thirds of housecleaning , washing dishes , child care and family paper work . 
Shortly after buying 66 % of the team from H.R. `` Bum '' Bright for $ 145 million , and mindful of the Cowboys ' ragged bottom line , the 47-year-old Mr. Jones set about his own round of team cuts . 
Now , those red applelike things stores sell in summer are fruitbowl lovely , but usually not good eating . 
New approaches to mall design and operation make it possible to tap these markets . 
Cipher Data said Mr. Marinaro consequently has resigned from those posts and from the company 's board . 
Aside from the special charge , Amoco 's results were in line with Wall Street estimates . 
Mr. Wachtel points to Coca-Cola Co. and PepsiCo Inc. as examples : They 're selling for 18 to 22 times estimated 1990 per-share earnings . 
That kind of spread can be critical for money managers who buy bonds in large quantities and whose livelihood depends on outperforming the money manager across the street . 
Volume totaled 14,560,000 shares . 
Four of those insiders sold more than half their holdings . 
Where truly representative governments are safeguarded by constitutional protections of human rights and an independent judiciary to construe those rights , there is no excuse for breaking the law because some individual or group disagrees with it . 
As a result of its large-scale buying , some analysts now say that liquidity , or the ability to easily buy and sell , has been constrained in the benchmark Treasury bond issue . 
What is driving Dentsu 's international expansion largely is the need to keep up with its Japanese clients as they grow in the U.S. and Europe . 
Most of the loans in question are to Third World countries in South America . 
Sir Alan assailed the monetary arrangement as `` half-baked '' in an article being published in an American economics journal . 
The appointment of Peat Marwick , which has a unit that specializes in advising troubled companies , came about as a result of a round of meetings held by Qintex Australia Chairman Christopher Skase with bank creditors . 
Dow Jones industrials 2653.28 , off 5.94 ; transportation 1199.32 , off 11.38 ; utilities 216.49 , up 1.45 . 
Labor and business leaders , quoted at the White House Rose Garden rites , hailed its provisions for insuring corporate pension benefits . 
The change in expected cash distributions from the Champs real estate investment trust stems from a revised estimate of administrative costs , said Jay R. Cohen , Champs executive vice president . 
Yesterday , the United ticket counter was active , with people trying to get flights out , but the airline said demand for seats into the city also was active , with people trying to get there to help family and friends . 
`` But they may pay a price 10 or 20 years in the future . '' 
With MGM\/UA 's `` Rainman , '' for instance , Messrs. Guber and Peters had virtually nothing to do with day-to-day production , but their names still appear in big letters on the credits , and they are inevitably associated with its success . 
`` Collectibles should continue to be recognized as capital assets , '' the letter states . 
PANDA : 
There are also $ 40 million of uninsured subordinate lien bonds , due Dec. 1 , 2008 , and Dec. 1 , 2015 . 
British Satellite , which already has raised # 423.5 million from 10 backers , initially expected to seek an additional # 400 million . 
Mr. Maynard is n't the first entrepreneur to bump up against entrenched interests . 
Defense intellectuals have complained for years that the Pentagon can not determine priorities because it has no strategy . 
The first models will ship in the spring , with the largest following in the fall . 
Mission Resource Partners lost 5 1\/4 to 14 1\/8 . 
A squiggly line snakes across a video screen , gyrating erratically as subjects with hand-held computers register their second-by-second reactions to a speaker 's remarks . 
-- Let stand the mail fraud and conspiracy conviction of John Lavery , a former vice president of Beech-Nut Nutrition Corp. , a unit of Nestle S.A . 
BOZELL : 
Currently , Avon , based in Santa Monica , Calif. , has 3.3 million common shares outstanding . 
He was also convicted of failing to properly remove asbestos from the building , a violation of the Clean Air Act . 
California 's insurance commissioner does n't hold hearings on acquisition applications . 
`` I think it 's fairly clear { Mr. Keating } knew , '' that regulators were set to seize Lincoln , Mr. Seidman said . 
Now that the New York decision has been left intact , other states may follow suit . 
Not nearly in his best form , the tenor made dullish sounds along with his usual clumsy hand gestures . 
Charles G. Moertel M.D . Mayo Clinic Rochester , Minn . 
But sources said he will be urging his allies to boost their stakes in Navigation Mixte , which is being traded in London and is to resume trading in Paris Tuesday . 
The dollar retreated . 
Interest in the abortion issue is so great that the Hotline , a daily , computer-distributed political newsletter , comes up with a spinoff product called the Abortion Report dealing solely with its political implications . 
If this passes -- a Senate version has already been cleared for a floor vote that is likely early next year -- it would put the federal government into the contraceptive marketing business for the first time . 
Although IBM last year produced its first strong results in four years and was expected to continue to roll this year , it began faltering as early as January . 
But , they say , people should n't try to be traders , who buy and sell in an effort to ride the latest economic trend or catch the next hot stock . 
McCormick is a developer and manager of futures-investment limited partnerships . 
Private-property rights would be upheld because the legislation would not ban coastal development . 
Buy order imbalances on several big stocks were posted by the New York Stock Exchange . 
Both the assassination order and the quality of debate in Washington are telling the world that the only way the U.S. will kill a madman is by making sure we take some innocent civilians with him . 
Tandy said consumer electronics sales at its Radio Shack stores have been slow , partly because of a lack of hot , new products . 
NEW ACCOUNT 
Aluminum Co. of America dropped 1 1\/2 to 70 1\/4 , Phelps Dodge fell 4 to 59 7\/8 , Asarco lost 1 3\/8 to 31 3\/4 , Reynolds Metals slid 1 3\/8 to 50 3\/8 , Amax dropped 1 1\/8 to 21 5\/8 and Cyprus Minerals skidded 2 to 26 3\/4 . 
`` The ramifications are enormous , '' says Rep. Don Edwards , a California Democrat who is a senior member of the House Judiciary Committee . 
The Venezuelan central bank set a 30 % floor on the bidding . 
Broad acceptance of Next 's computer also is hindered by difficulty in distributing software for it . 
Per-share figures have been adjusted for a 4-for-1 stock split paid earlier this month . 
And the Fed has at most very limited ability to contribute to the achievement of other objectives by means other than by stabilizing the price level . 
Promises Feng-hsiung Hsu : `` In three years we 'll mount a better challenge . '' 
Individual Inc. 's technology goes beyond word searches by using a computerized thesaurus . 
An agreement with Drexel regarding the limited partners ' investments is an essential step toward getting their money back . 
Canadian manufacturers recorded a 0.8 % decline in August in their backlog of unfilled orders , Statistics Canada , a federal agency , said . 
At the same time four of six design projects were spiked , he said . 
In a study , the comptroller said , `` The city 's glory days are over . '' 
But lawyers looking to cash in on the quake may have a tough time once their cases reach a judge . 
b - Week ended Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 and Wednesday October 18 , 1989 . 
Although the jobs will probably pay between $ 70,000 and $ 80,000 a year , IRS officials are confident that they can attract top-notch candidates from the private sector . 
Consumers will be able to switch on their HDTV sets and get all the viewing benefits the high-tech medium offers . 
Time eluded Paramount by acquiring Warner Communications Inc . 
Daffynition 
`` We have never opposed the development of economic relations between our allies and the Soviet Union , '' says a State Department official . 
One of the reasons American students do so poorly in math tests , as compared with British , French , German or Japanese students , is the influence of the `` New Math '' on American textbooks and teaching methods . 
Mr. Lawson 's resignation shocked many analysts , despite the recent recurring speculation of a rift between the chancellor and Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher . 
I do n't know why . '' 
Fed officials injected more cash into the banking system by arranging $ 1.5 billion of repurchase agreements during the usual pre-noon intervention period . 
`` It 's made me more committed to CBS , '' says Philip A. Jones , the president of Meredith Corp. 's broadcast group , which has two CBS affiliates . 
Rates are determined by the difference between the purchase price and face value . 
No phones . 
The office also said Mrs. Marcos and her husband were n't brought to the U.S. against their will after Mr. Marcos was ousted as president . 
As a result , Colombia will earn $ 500 million less from its coffee this year than last . 
The 80-point decline in the Dow Jones Industrial Average during the morning trading session touched off a flight to safety that saw investors shifting assets from stocks to Treasury bonds . 
Under Massachusetts tax laws , corporations must pay 9.5 % of estimated profits resulting from business transactions in the state if the company conducts a variety of non-sales activities , including warranties , customer complaints and relations with independent dealerships . 
Both before and after the Friday plunge , Shearson has maintained a recommended portfolio weighting of 65 % stocks , 20 % bonds and 15 % cash . 
And in Paris , Mahmoud Vaezi , Iran 's vice minister of foreign affairs , began a five-day visit to discuss such matters as compensation to French enterprises for contracts broken by the Khomeini regime . 
`` Nobody has the right to tell me how much I can work . '' 
The Volokhs were afraid that they 'd end up like a friend of theirs who 'd applied for a visa and waited for 10 years , having been demoted from his profession of theoretical mathematician to shipping clerk . 
Harvard 's Laurence Tribe was the constitutional heavy , laying out legal strategies for the senators and witnesses to follow . 
The company has been manufacturing carpet since 1967 . 
Some of the three other bidding groups are expected to increase their offers tomorrow , a date set for revised offers by a bankruptcy court judge . 
Output in the energy sector , which can vary greatly with swings in the oil market , rose 3.8 % in August from May but was down 7.1 % from a year earlier . 
`` It was like driving down the highway watching a wreck . 
During the same period , the company has sold about 1.6 billion guilders of assets . 
More enemies to be dealt with . 
For the 1990 wage negotiations , the IG Metall is demanding a further cut in the German workweek and steep wage increases , which could sharply increase the costs for German industry . 
$ 813.4 million of general obligation bonds , Fiscal 1990 Series C and D , including $ 757.4 million of tax-exempt bonds and $ 56 million of taxable bonds , tentatively priced by a Goldman Sachs & Co. group . 
These and other expensive changes in products ranging from auto air conditioners to foam cushioning to commercial solvents are in prospect because of something called the Montreal Protocol , signed by 24 nations in 1987 . 
The estimated $ 1.8 billion for the space station would be double last year 's level , and total appropriations for the National Aeronautics and Space Administration would grow 16 % to nearly $ 12.4 billion . 
Mr. Gonzalez is also a stickler for ethical standards who refuses to accept honorariums and who believes in conducting official business in the open . 
The official stressed that the PLO has n't rejected the five-point formula . 
By retreating to the apparent security of , say , money-market funds , investors may not be earning enough investment return to pay for a comfortable retirement . 
Manufacturers Hanover 
`` We are stewards here , not of the mortgage companies , but the taxpayers , '' said the Texas Republican . 
`` You can do that but you 're taking a risk . 
Additional shares may be bought or sold in the open market , in private transactions or otherwise , depending on market conditions and other factors . 
The CIA 's Deputy Director of Operations , Richard Stoltz , tried to smooth things over a few days later , but instead simply underlined Mr. Webster 's point . 
But while better-off Filipinos are quick to cite the logic in using a language as widespread as English , they are often slow to reveal that they are prejudiced against Filipino , say advocates of the native language . 
Many Law School Grads Find Classes Never End 
Another fight is brewing between Congress and the Bush administration over how to pay for the savings-and-loan bailout without adding to the federal budget deficit . 
The company said the restructuring 's initial phase will feature a gradual reduction in assets and staff positions . 
As the Hunt brothers ' personal bankruptcy cases sputter into their second year , Minpeco S.A. has proposed a deal to settle its huge claim against the troubled Texas oil men . 
Tass said Lenin 's tomb in Red Square will be closed from Nov. 10 to Jan. 15 for essential maintenance . 
`` They 've been promising 13 % to 15 % growth based on the strategic moves they 've made , '' he said . 
Responses were weighted on the basis of age and gender to conform with U.S. Census data . 
A portion of the report containing names of the middlemen is withheld by officials citing bank secrecy requirements . 
The announcement effectively removes the British government as an impediment to a takeover of the company , which is being stalked by General Motors and Ford . 
Second , the responsibilities of the Federal Reserve as guardian of the currency , which means as guardian of the stability of the price level , sometimes lead it to take measures that are unpopular . 
Although Mr. Krenz is dedicated to East Germany 's conservative vein of communism , there is much about his style that sets him apart from his party comrades . 
But Maidenform officials say that after spending 24 years at Maidenform , Mr. Lesk , 48 , made it clear he wanted the top job . 
And try plying new dollars free in a market that is softening , hurt by a strong dollar and concerned about overcapacity -- the industry 's Darth Vadar . 
The main capital-gains tax plan in the Senate is n't winning support from Democrats who favor a reduction . 
Ms. McCraw says she wants the campaign to help attract advertisers in 10 categories , including corporate , financial services , consumer electronics , insurance and food . 
In Japan , he 's known in racy weekly magazines as the `` King of Shady Money . '' 
The reactions stem from the fact that the vaccine contains multiple copies of the whole Bordetella pertussis bacterium , which causes whooping cough . 
There 's a casino , the financial heart of it all . 
But the strike has n't gone on long enough for Boeing to lose business in any real sense . '' 
StatesWest Airlines , Phoenix , Ariz. , said it withdrew its offer to acquire Mesa Airlines because the Farmington , N.M. , carrier did n't respond to its offer by the close of business yesterday , a deadline StatesWest had set for a response . 
Companies planning to go public `` are definitely taking a second look , '' says Allen Hadhazy , senior analyst at the Institute for Econometric Research , Fort Lauderdale , Fla. , which publishes the New Issues newsletter on IPOs . 
Valley National said it made the decision on the basis of an `` overall assessment of the marketplace '' and the condition of its loan portfolio and after reviewing it with federal regulators . 
Life insurers fared similarly , with Legal & General advancing 3 to 344 , although Prudential fell 2 to 184 1\/2 . 
A report last month by the Interstate Natural Gas Association of America found that pipelines ' settlement costs had jumped in the three months before the deadline to 39 cents on the dollar , from 22 cents on the dollar in 1988 . 
After 16 weeks , the group that took three daily teaspoons of Metamucil saw a significant dip in their general cholesterol levels , and an even larger reduction in levels of low-density lipoproteins , the so-called bad cholesterol . 
He savored the humor of his uncombed appearance among these buttoned-up chaps . 
In the first 25 minutes after his office 's telephone service was restored yesterday morning , 17 potential clients had called seeking the services of the self-proclaimed King of Torts . 
Japanese involvement in American publishing has been so small to date that magazines such as Business Tokyo are considered groundbreakers . 
Great Northern Nekoosa soared $ 20.125 a share , to $ 62.875 , substantially above the $ 58 a share Georgia-Pacific is offering . 
The foes of abortion hold the strong whip hand in Pennsylvania , where abortion-rights activists are so much on the defensive that their strategy is less to fight the proposed legislation than it is to stress how the state legislature does n't reflect the viewpoints of the state 's citizens . 
Clad in his trademark black velvet suit , the soft-spoken clarinetist announced that his new album , `` Inner Voices , '' had just been released , that his family was in the front row , and that it was his mother 's birthday , so he was going to play her favorite tune from the record . 
Net sales of stock funds in September totaled $ 839.4 million , down from $ 1.1 billion in August , the institute said . 
Experts caution that it is far too soon for reliable estimates of the quake 's total damage , but it 's clear that insurers are likely to pay out enormous sums . 
The Communications Workers of America , which opposes such monitoring , says supervisors listen in on an estimated 400 million calls each year . 
The result : Chrysler dealers had a bloated 82-day supply of the Cherokee as of the end of last month and a 161-day supply of the Comanche pickup , which Toledo also builds . 
Some analysts say this may give it the right to seize the ship if the situation warrants it . 
My statement , read verbatim from a printed text available to all reporters attending the National Cancer Institute news conference , was the following : `` New clinical trials are already in operation seeking to improve these results . 
From what we and the nation have been reading , the money is n't being spent very well . 
Despite plans to add two new Infiniti models next year , bringing the total to four , Infiniti wo n't show profits for at least five years , he adds . 
Dealers contemptuous of the purchase price , he says , were themselves interested in buying the Rubens but lost out . 
Cracking the top 10 within three years will be difficult at best . 
Also , maintaining current demand assumes no significant slowdown in world economies . 
HBO has close to 24 million subscribers to its HBO and Cinemax networks , while Showtime and its sister service , The Movie Channel , have only about 10 million , according to Paul Kagan Associates , a Carmel , Calif. , research firm . 
Of 1,224 companies surveyed , 31 % expect to cut spending on plant equipment and machinery , while only 28 % plan to spend more . 
They lay out a clear timetable and methodology for liberalizing the system of setting prices , breaking up huge industrial monopolies and putting unprofitable state-owned companies out of business . 
MLX Corp. said it reached a preliminary agreement with senior lenders to its refrigeration and air-conditioning group to restructure the $ 188.5 million of credit facilities the lenders provide to the group . 
`` If you build a better mousetrap , it will catch more mice , '' says Fred Benninger , chairman of MGM Grand . 
Lloyd 's , he says , is cut off from `` the vast body of premium down at the bottom end which acts as a steadying influence '' against catastrophic losses . 
Embedded in the `` budget '' being concocted by the House-Senate conference committee is something that looks , smells and waddles like a duck . 
Mr. Carrion , who will now serve as president and chief executive officer of the subsidiary bank , added : `` We 'll be able to better compete with large foreign banks . 
A new fund , its operating expenses are being temporarily subsidized by the sponsor . 
John Bruner , associate director of communications for Cincinnati Public Schools , said Channel One was rejected because students watching the program did n't fare particularly better on a 28-question current events quiz than a control school without the program and school absences were almost unchanged during the period when the program was being aired . 
Oct. 9. 1989 : 
NOW YOU SEE IT , now you do n't . 
The company , founded and controlled by Harbanse Doman , its chairman and president , said the purchase would make it Canada 's 10th largest forest products company . 
This provision lies at the heart of the British and Unice fears of `` social engineering '' by the commission . 
Although it may not be legally obligated to sell the company if the buy-out group ca n't revive its bid , it may have to explore alternatives if the buyers come back with a bid much lower than the group 's original $ 300-a-share proposal . 
Under attack by its own listed companies and powerful floor traders , the New York Stock Exchange is considering reinstituting a `` collar '' on program trading that it abandoned last year , according to people familiar with the Big Board . 
The SEC , faced with a major squeeze on options positions , said it was necessary to ensure that options listed on the exchange could be traded today and tomorrow . 
A survey of small businesses there was conducted this spring by Interface , a policy research organization . 
The defense won . 
In Toronto Stock Exchange trading Friday , Enfield closed at C$ 6.75 , down 37.5 cents . 
According to the state department of finance , a one-penny increase in the state 's six-cent per dollar sales tax could raise $ 3 billion . 
The traders were executing municipal bond , mutual fund and other orders through a sister firm , Tucker Anthony Inc. , which is also owned by John Hancock Freedom Securities but is based in New York . 
But the advance faltered as index-options traders and investors jittery about the U.K. economic outlook took over . 
Rated single-B-2 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-minus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through underwriters led by Donaldson Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp . 
The disarray in the junk-bond market that began last month with a credit crunch at Campeau Corp. has offered commercial banks a golden opportunity to play a greater role in financing billion-dollar takeovers . 
On the other hand , only a handful of individual issues were suspended from trading on Friday . 
Only CDs sold by major brokerage firms posted significant increases in average yields in the latest week , reflecting increased yields on Treasury bills sold at Monday 's auction . 
For the nine months , Gillette 's net income declined 1 % to $ 205.3 million , or $ 2.02 a share , from $ 207 million , or $ 1.82 a share , in the 1988 period . 
The robberies also have set off a controversy involving the airlines . 
If a president had a line-item veto and wanted to force him to support a controversial foreign-policy initiative , Rep. Edwards says , the president could call and declare that he would single-handedly kill the BART funds unless the congressman `` shapes up '' on the foreign-policy issue . 
Instead of realizing his mistake in letting the exchange rate dominate both British economic policy and Mrs. Thatcher 's political fortune , Mr. Lawson pushed for tying the pound formally to the mark by entering the European Monetary System , which subordinates all member currencies to German monetary policy . 
That vote made it unlikely that a capital-gains tax cut would be included in the final bill , now being drafted by House and Senate negotiators . 
Wall Street has all but conceded on the issue and is now lobbying for the less onerous Senate version of one of the provisions . 
Dean Witter now recommends 85 % , Goldman 65 % and Merrill Lynch 50 % . 
But Mr. Lippens said a rescue also could involve Asahi Mutual Life Insurance Co. , which owns 5 % of AG . 
Mr. Cortese , a 33-year-old Delta Air Lines engineer , invested some $ 2,000 in penny stocks through a broker who promised quick returns . 
Jaguar 's American depositary receipts were up 3\/8 yesterday in a down market , closing at 10 3\/8 . 
Asked to comment , a spokesman for Mr. Scott said : `` Mr. Scott has spoken to his attorney , who has advised him not to talk to anybody . '' 
Loral Corp. said fiscal second-quarter net income was $ 19.8 million , or 79 cents a share , compared with year-earlier earnings from continuing operations of $ 15.6 million , or 62 cents a share . 
Market pulp is wood pulp sold on the open market to producers of paper and other products . 
It 's much cheaper than permanent insurance bought at the same age . 
Freddie Mac 9 % securities were at 97 5\/32 , down 3\/32 . 
Four more models , aimed squarely at IBM 's commercial customers , are expected to begin shipping in late June . 
Because of the large amounts of money being raised , the loose disclosure requirements and the casual monitoring of how the money is used , some analysts fear that there could be a few mega-crashes , which could hurt market confidence far more than the small bankruptcies that followed the boom of 1986 . 
Tandem 's pricing is just as aggressive . 
Beta is a handy gauge that measures the volatility of a stock or stock mutual fund . 
Proceeds will help pay for a planned buy-back of 10 % , or about 153 million , of its shares and a 50 % dividend increase . 
`` The risks for sterling of a bad trade figure are very heavily on the down side , '' said Chris Dillow , senior U.K. economist at Nomura Research Institute . 
The markets are complex , as is the environment in which they function . 
The precious metals sector outgained other Dow Jones industry groups by a wide margin for the second consecutive session . 
Therefore , engineering firms , construction contractors and developers can be sued for not keeping structures up to standard , and government agencies can be held accountable for failing to properly protect citizens from such a foreseeable disaster , if negligence can be proven . 
Mr. Noriega would order them all to take off their clothes and run around the courtyard naked , laughing at them and then retreating to his office . 
But it is the Trinity Rep newcomer , Jonathan Fried ( Zamislov , the paralegal ) who is the actor to watch , whether he is hamming it up while conducting the chamber musicians or seducing his neighbor 's wife ( Becca Lish ) by licking her bosom . 
The purchase of the Showtime stake is `` a direct slap in our face , '' said one senior Time executive . 
`` That 's the biggest risk of all -- the risk of not meeting your objectives , '' says Steven B. Enright , a New York financial planner with Seidman Financial Services . 
Treasury Securities 
Sotheby 's , the auction house founded in London 1744 and now under the umbrella of Sotheby 's Holdings Inc. , was hoping to stir up interest in old masters as it strove to build its U.S. business . 
COOPERATION WANES on weapons development between the U.S. and Europe . 
HealthVest missed a payment to the group that was due in late September . 
Warner obviously does n't think that it is in its own interests to let Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters go off to Columbia . 
In its portfolio are such diverse companies as United Kingdom-based Air Europe ; Checkrobot Inc. , a U.S. company that makes supermarket checkout machines ; Norment Industries , a U.S. manufacturer of securities systems ; Com Systems Inc. , a U.S. regional telephone company ; and major real-estate projects in the U.S. and Europe . 
Home Beneficial Corp. , Richmond , Va. , said it contracted to sell its 50 % interest in a Richmond-area shopping mall to a buyer that was n't identified . 
TW notes , as many junk issuers do , that `` adjusted to eliminate non-cash charges '' TW would have run a cash surplus -- in this case , of $ 56 million over six months . 
Orkem , France 's third-largest chemical group , said it would fund the acquisition through internal resources . 
Last season , Hartford Stage director Mark Lamos mounted a production at Lincoln Center , and currently two other productions -- one just closed at the Old Globe in San Diego and another now at the Seattle Rep -- overlap with Mr. Boyd 's . 
Big Board officials also hope Japanese investors will become interested in the exchange 's product . 
The longer the time period , the less risk there is of losing money in the stock market . 
The lawsuit was filed by Lone Star Steel 's unsecured creditors ' committee on behalf of Lone Star Steel , which has been operating under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code since June 30 . 
The government also indicated that former Gulf Power senior vice president Jacob F. `` Jake '' Horton was the mastermind behind the use of the ad agencies -- Appleyard , Dick Leonard Group II Inc. and Hemmer & Yates Corp. -- to make payments to various political candidates from 1981 to 1988 . 
`` The Georgia-Pacific bid may open the door to a new era of consolidation '' in the paper industry , said Mark Devario of Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Japan 's benchmark No. 111 issue due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at 95.90 , down 0.02 point , to yield 5.435 % . 
Sea Containers said the offer will proceed after the Bermuda Supreme Court lifts or modifies an interim injunction restraining the company from buying its shares . 
Since leaving Juilliard , Mr. McDuffie has made some smart moves and some controversial ones . 
It automatically selects stories from particular countries for reading by the international bankers responsible for lending in those areas . 
`` We are going to explode lower , '' says the flamboyant market seer , who had a huge following a few years back . 
Mr. Kasparov 's continuation was slower but , in the end , just as deadly . 
But again , the themes get tangled in Mr. Mahfouz 's elliptical storytelling . 
The original owners happily repaid the claim and took their kylix home . 
Even his routine business transactions caused trouble , according to the grand jury report . 
In a recent investment letter entitled `` Winners of the ` Leverage Wars , ' '' Edward Kerschner , chairman of PaineWebber 's investment policy committee , suggested that investors buy stocks of companies that have avoided loading up on debt . 
`` It 's become a day-by-day business , '' he says . 
Though I 've been blessed with academic degrees and some success in the materialistic world , I 've never forgotten or lost contact with those memories of the 1930s . 
The group 's bid for $ 40.9 million of wastewater treatment insured bonds , Series 1989 A , produced a 7.0826 % true interest cost . 
Pretax profit is expected to increase 18 % to 22 billion yen and net income is expected to rise 53 % to 10.5 billion yen . 
This may seem to be a preposterous and utterly futile effort in Africa . 
Indeed , the name derives from the tendency among telemarketing scammers to rent cheap basement space , near the boiler room . 
But it 's hard to squeeze much profit out of the personal-computer business these days , and the workstation market , while important , is too small to rely on for much growth . 
Researchers in Edinburgh , Scotland , have found that in 23 of 38 breast tumors , one copy of chromosome 17 was mutated at the spot where gene p53 lies . 
A spokesman for the insurance and financial services firm , based in Newark , N.J. , said it hopes to make a decision within three to four months . 
`` The attention span of the public is short , '' he said . 
But some so-called high-quality junk issues fell as some mutual funds sold their most liquid issues to raise cash . 
Its ratio of tangible equity to total assets as of Sept. 30 was 3.6 % , and total equity was $ 457.9 million . 
Most New York judges are elected , and the federal age-discrimination law does n't apply to elected officials , said James L. Lee , regional attorney for the EEOC in New York . 
But since 1981 , Kirk Horse Insurance Inc. of Lexington , Ky. has grabbed a 20 % stake of the market . 
The wholesale price index stood at 89.6 ( 1985 equals 100 ) . 
`` We were n't sure that full disclosure , as we wanted it , was being made . '' 
But although Thurber did so gently and lightheartedly , many of Dr. Morgan 's supporters have taken Thurber 's memorable title `` The Male Animal '' quite literally . 
Up until now , most stores have followed the same basic overseas strategy : 
It adds something to the market . 
The move also would allow the company to concentrate on core businesses , which include ceramic tile , floor coverings and furniture . 
Greg Confair , president of Sigma Financial Inc. in Allentown , Pa. , also recommends that investors go heavily for cash . 
But the panel dismissed the magazine 's contention that it had n't libeled Mrs. Sutcliffe when it accused her of trying to sell her story to capitalize on the notoriety of her husband . 
`` We 're in no way committed to a deal going through at all . 
A story about how he mishandled the sale to his son of his stock in a media company controlled by his political patron Percy Sutton was allowed to fester a full week before Mr. Dinkins faced the media . 
Continental Cablevision Inc. -- 
Spending by average Japanese households in August fell an adjusted 1.9 % from a year earlier , the Statistics Bureau of the Prime Minister 's Office said . 
She says it 'd create 600 jobs and bring Cleveland tourist revenue . 
He also noticed that foreign makers were introducing many variations on the traditional fur , and he decided to follow suit . 
Trading was relatively thin at an estimated 650 million shares , though brisker than Monday 's 526 million . 
Sterling was trading at $ 1.5805 , down from $ 1.5820 late Monday . 
Imports of goods and services soared , while exports were flat . 
Arthur Burns , Federal Reserve Board chairman , said the government 's `` luck '' in keeping the bank open -- despite being the then-biggest U.S. bank failure -- prevented `` shock waves around the country and around the world . '' 
Profits of franchisees have n't been higher since the mid-1970s , he adds . 
The Fed arranged $ 1.5 billion of customer repurchase agreements Tuesday , the second repurchase agreement in two days . 
As Ms. Johnson stands outside the Hammack house after winding up her chores there , the house begins to creak and sway . 
`` I 'm sure everybody else is putting pencil to paper , '' said Kathryn McAuley , an analyst with First Manhattan Co . 
If bluebloods wo n't pay high prices for racehorses anymore , who will ? 
The company said it will sell the water plain and with lemon-lime and cherry flavors and will package it in 28-ounce bottles and 6.5 ounce bottles as part of six-packs . 
The stock recovered somewhat to finish 1 1\/4 lower at 26 1\/4 . 
Aidan Quinn , Brian Dennehy and Stockard Channing are excellent in this gripping tale of a reluctant witness in an organized crime prosecution . 
Such people also typically hold negative attitudes toward the physically handicapped , the poor , blacks and women . 
It already has allowed the closely watched federal funds rate to decline 1\/4 percentage point to about 8 3\/4 % from its previous target level of about 9 % . 
The company 's trustee , F.E. Agnew , was unavailable for comment . 
The HUD scandals will simply continue , but under new mismanagement . 
The Polish rat will eat well this winter . 
Mr. Darman 's inclination to save the sequester was backed up yesterday by White House Press Secretary Marlin Fitzwater : 
The new `` baskets '' of stocks will allow big investors to buy or sell all 500 S&P index stocks in a single trade . 
The main argument for growth stocks is their usually superior performance in a slowing economy . 
One problem is that the Internal Revenue Service has decided that the investment earnings and gains of the sponsors ' funds are taxable . 
Mobil Corp. is in the process of vacating its headquarters here , and huge operations like J.C. Penney & Co. and Trans World Airlines have recently left . 
Sales dropped to $ 441.1 million from $ 820.4 million , because the company no longer consolidates its Eastern Steel division , which is now a joint venture with Kawasaki Steel Corp . 
December palladium was off $ 1.55 an ounce at $ 137.20 . 
Options traders who , in return for a small fee , or premium , had previously sold put options on stocks or stock indexes were forced on Friday to buy those contracts back at the previously agreed prices , which were substantially above those in the market as it was falling . 
Also , about 60 % of pachinko parlor owners are Korean , many of whom maintain close ties with North or South Korean residents ' organizations , and donations by such foreign groups are illegal in Japan . 
That level of production is n't of much concern as long as demand continues strong , analysts said . 
Mr. Paul quickly became more aggressive in his collecting , with the help of George Wachter , a Sotheby 's expert in old masters whom he met at an exhibition of the Guterman items . 
Lyrics from `` Ghostbusters '' by Ray S. Parker Jr. 1984 by Golden Torch Music Corp. ( ASCAP ) and Raydiola Music ( ASCAP ) . 
Traders said that statements made over the weekend to quell concern about the stability of Prime Minister Margaret Thatcher 's government and the future of her economic program largely failed to reassure investors and bolster the flagging British unit . 
Stocks : Volume 155,650,000 shares . 
After the October 1987 market crash , Mr. Brady as a private citizen headed a presidential commission that tried to decide what went wrong and what should be done about it . 
`` I can just tell the questions are right back where they were : ` What 's going on ? , ' ` Ca n't anything be done about program trading ? , ' ` Does n't the exchange understand ? , ' ` Where is the SEC on this ? ' '' 
But he noted that the initial effective date of the earlier proposal had been delayed by six months . 
The husky blond guide with the Aggie cap twists his face in mock fury . 
`` The Arizona real estate market continues to be depressed , and there is still uncertainty as to when values will recover , '' James P. Simmons , chairman , said . 
Mr. Roh said a U.S. demand for the removal of South Korean import quotas on beef will be resolved `` satisfactorily '' but gave no hint when that will happen . 
The exclusion would apply to assets sold after Oct. 1 , 1989 . 
The uncertainty is sending shivers through Brazilian financial markets . 
British , West German , Scandinavian and other overseas insurers are bracing for big claims from the San Francisco earthquake disaster . 
At the same time , William T. Archey , international vice president at the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , notes : `` Clearly the stronger dollar has made imports more attractive '' by causing their prices to decline . 
The four lawyers climbed out from under a table . 
A House-Senate conference reached agreement Oct. 5 on virtually all major provisions of the bill , but final settlement has been stalled because of differences between the two men over the fate of a modest Arkansas-based program to provide technical information to farmers seeking to reduce their dependence on chemical fertilizers and pesticides . 
Traders estimated that Bear , Stearns bought more than 1 million shares . 
The company 's domestic business , especially its household products division , has performed poorly for years . 
Transportation Secretary Samuel Skinner , in a letter to the committee , warned that he would urge President Bush to veto the legislation if it passed Congress . 
Against this backdrop , one thing that does n't seem likely to result from 1992 is a single European stock market . 
As a result , last March the General Services Administration board of contract appeals directed NASA to reopen negotiations on the contract . 
American Brands is a consumer products company with core businesses in tobacco , distilled spirits and life insurance . 
Macy acquired those three businesses in May 1988 . 
H&R Block is one of the great success stories of U.S. business . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
The city 's main library is closed because of fissures that opened in its walls , and marble facings and ornamental plaster at the Beaux Arts City Hall broke off in the temblor . 
`` Those who testified { yesterday } have consistently maintained that anyone who did n't agree with them is part of a coverup , a whitewash , or the subject of excessive influence , '' Mr. Bickwit said . 
Hector Castaneda Jimenez , chief prosecutor at the Attorney General 's Office , said that an estimated $ 82.8 million in government property and unpaid taxes have been recovered in the campaign to root out official corruption . 
A leveling off of farmer selling tied to the harvest also removed some of the downward pressure on futures contract prices . 
Last week , housing lobbies persuaded Congress to raise the ceiling to $ 124,875 , making FHA loans more accessible to the well-to-do . 
Courts and legislatures make decisions in very different ways and are each susceptible to very different kinds of errors . 
`` It 's simple , '' says Lamar Hunt , who owns the Kansas City Chiefs and last year raised ticket prices by $ 2.40 to an average $ 17 . 
Pension reserves , on the other hand , made up a relatively small part of household assets until the last decade , when they skyrocketed . 
The plans include a subway system , a congress center , floating trees , fanciful fountains -- and as many as 60,000 additional tourists a day . 
Over the past decade or two , while I was thinking about fox hunting , the insurance industry has spawned an incredible number of products , variations on products , and variations on the variations . 
Farm prices in October edged up 0.7 % from September as raw milk prices continued their rise , the Agriculture Department said . 
Sir Piers Jacobs , Hong Kong 's financial secretary , says a further downward revision may be justified unless the economy stages a more convincing rally . 
When and if the trust runs out of cash -- which seems increasingly likely -- it will need to convert its Manville stock to cash . 
J.P. Morgan Securities Inc. is offering the remaining $ 10 million of notes . 
`` We simply do n't agree with that or the findings of their investigation . '' 
He called the sour loans `` appalling '' and added , `` You opened the file up and it just jumped at you . '' 
Alexander Brody , 56 , will take on the newly created position of president of the world-wide agency and chief executive of its international operations . 
Take the scene in which Kate stands naked by a lighted window , whispering to her hidden assailant , `` Look all you want . 
UAL , the hair-trigger stock that exploded Friday 's market bombshell , briefly traumatized traders again yesterday . 
He was n't protecting the Freedom Marchers ; he was tailing them as subversives . 
Sherwin-Williams Co. and Whittaker Corp. said they 've discontinued talks toward a definitive agreement regarding Sherwin-Williams ' acquisition of Whittaker 's chemical coating group . 
Northrop Corp. received a $ 93.5 million contract by the U.S. Air Force for production tooling and test equipment for the Tacit Rainbow defense-suppression missile . 
The suit , filed in Minneapolis federal court , claims that Apple violated a Quickview patent that allows computer users to display `` only portions of multiple fields on a computer screen with the ability to see the entire contents of any given field . '' 
Despite such famous tenants as oil magnate John D. Rockefeller , Lake View Cemetery has fallen on hard times . 
There is also a busy schedule of speaking engagements at $ 10,000 a pop , at tony places including the Yale Political Union . 
In the six trading days since the UAL labor-management buy-out group failed to get bank financing , culminating Friday with the withdrawal of its partner British Airways PLC , UAL stock has plummeted by 41 % to 168 1\/2 from 285 1\/4 . 
Michigan -- $ 80 million of first general obligation bonds ( Series 1989 environmental protection program and recreation program ) , tentatively priced by a Shearson Lehman Hutton group to yield from 6 % for current interest bonds due 1990 to 7.25 % for convertible capital appreciation bonds . 
But the new union leader makes no apologies for Pemex 's more outward-looking attitude . 
That promise sounds shaky now that those same leaders have fallen back on Marxist dogma and brute force to crush their nation 's democracy movement . 
Mr. Allday 's appointment is subject to confirmation by the Senate . 
As the London trading session drew to a close , the market was still listening to the parliamentary debate on the economy , with new Chancellor of the Exchequer John Major expected to clarify his approach to the British economy and currency issues . 
Mr. Maynard says the ruling pushed his company into bankruptcy court . 
The balance of the company 's assets and liabilities would be transferred to a new company that would be owned by Sharon 's creditors . 
When you think of the words `` risk '' and `` investment , '' what 's the specific peril that comes to mind ? 
Her story is becoming part of local folklore . 
Azem Vlasi and 14 others are accused of inciting riots and strikes and opposing constitutional limits to Kosovo 's autonomy . 
Odds and Ends 
Central 's assets are $ 240 million . 
The engine plant may encompass plans for a joint components venture with Jaguar . 
Moreover , serious questions have been raised about the claimed withdrawal of Soviet forces . 
Mr. Sculley also indicated that sagging margins , which dogged the company through most of 1989 , began to turn up in the fourth quarter as chip prices eased . 
But CBOE and Amex officials said that Options Clearing Corp. contributed $ 20 million to the guarantee , the CBOE put up $ 8 million , the Amex added $ 4 million and $ 18 million came from Mr. Fossett 's own assets . 
The largest sale in the competitive arena was a $ 55.7 million issue of school financing bonds from the Virginia Public School Authority . 
The bank holding company posted net income of $ 54.4 million , or 87 cents a share , including $ 1.7 million , or three cents a share , in one-time tax benefits . 
Both plans would drop child-care provisions from the House version of the deficit-reduction legislation and let it progress as a separate bill . 
The bonds , rated double-A by Moody 's and S&P , were priced to yield from 6.20 % in 1993 to 7.10 % in 2008 and 2009 . 
Led by a near-perfect performance by Alan Wilder as Max , the father , the play is at once an appalling and hilarious dissection of a family 's rage , bitterness , fear and isolation . 
Mr. Rubenstein said the five , who were n't on Shea & Gould 's management committee , `` are leaving on good terms . '' 
Bond Corp. , a brewing , property , media and resources concern controlled by financier Alan Bond , is selling many of its assets to reduce an A$ 6.9 billion debt . 
Industries in both countries have requested a speedup of tariff cuts on hundreds of products . 
Yesterday 's major economic news -- a 0.2 % rise in the September index of leading economic indicators -- had little impact on financial markets . 
Suddenly , on television , in advertisements and on their cereal boxes , Americans were inundated with news about the obscure seed . 
In a surprise move , the British government cleared the way for a bidding war for Jaguar PLC by agreeing to remove an obstacle to a takeover of the auto maker . 
Hearing of this information , the husband discussed it with his broker , Mr. Chestman , and Mr. Chestman then bought for his own account and other clients . 
The largest financial issues , as measured by the Nasdaq financial index , tumbled 3.23 to 
`` We 'd still like to see a student model , '' priced at about $ 3,500 , said Ronald Johnson , director of academic computing at Minnesota 's Gustavus Adolphus College , which has bought eight Next machines . 
Mr. Tyszkiewicz said the charter would put poorer EC countries such as Spain , Greece and Portugal at a disadvantage . 
Investors also are anxious about today 's `` witching hour , '' the monthly expiration of stock-index futures and options , and options on individual stocks . 
The issue here may be the soundness of the guarantee . 
Mr. King is the director of the Foreign Press Center in New York . 
The exact strain of hepatitis that the cafeteria worker contracted has n't been determined but should be known by the end of the week , Dr. McBride said . 
After his decisive primary victory over Mayor Edward I. Koch in September , Mr. Dinkins coasted , until recently , on a quite-comfortable lead over his Republican opponent , Rudolph Giuliani , the former crime buster who has proved a something of a bust as a candidate . 
Share prices in Frankfurt closed narrowly mixed after listless and directionless trading . 
Carried even further , some investors assumed that since leveraged buy-outs are the only thing propping up stock prices , the market would collapse if no more LBOs could be done . 
The Department of Housing and Urban Development has used testers to investigate discrimination in rental housing . 
Following the consolidation , the entertainment company , which has film and television operations in Beverly Hills , Calif. , will have about 4.1 million shares outstanding . 
And the Treasury 's $ 17.6 billion auction of short-term bills , which generated strong buying interest , helped to lift the bond market out of the doldrums . 
The package helps carriers solve pricing problems , such as how to react to discounts offered by competitors or what would be the optimum number of seats to offer at a given price . 
It showed some early resilience after central bank support firmed sterling , but the weight of Wall Street late in London trading , and signs of further weakness in the British pound , proved a hefty load to bear . 
In every presidential election over the past half century , except for the Goldwater presidential candidacy , the GOP has captured a greater percentage of the major-party popular vote for president than it has of congressional seats or the popular vote for Congress . 
Times have changed . 
Municipal 
For one thing , Digital , Maynard , Mass. , has sold fewer machines . 
Despite the modest gains , traders said the market remains dull , with investors remaining cautiously on the sidelines . 
But internal church documents clearly show that at its publicity-seeking heights , as when it organized a spectacular Yankee Stadium bicentennial rally in 1976 , there actually were only about 2,000 full-time Unification Church members in the U.S. 
`` All too often this will merely be a statement on the solicitation such as , ` Do n't smoke ! ' or ` Wear suntan lotion , ' `` says William Webster , attorney general of Missouri . 
Greedily , it grabbed a pawn , at the cost of facing a brutal attack . 
But analysts estimated that GM had a loss of as much as $ 300 million on domestic vehicle operations . 
Sanwa Bank Ltd. is one Japanese bank that decided not to participate in the first UAL proposal . 
A BroadBeach spokeswoman said the company sold the stock in the open market and thus could n't identify the buyer or buyers . 
`` Because of distance , it takes a while for them to appreciate the economic stability we 've achieved , '' says one economic policymaker . 
Does this team have a viable strategy for improving shareholder values , and does this strategy require implementation over an extended period ? 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery settled at $ 367.30 an ounce , up 20 cents . 
Computer Associates International , the most active Big Board issue , was another victim of an earnings-related sell-off . 
Sales rose 9.7 % to $ 351.5 million from $ 320.4 million . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP . ( Freddie Mac ) : 
Under { RICO } , the government may seek a temporary restraining order ( TRO ) upon the filing of a RICO indictment , in order to preserve all forfeitable assets until the trial is completed and judgment entered . 
Because the carrier is still pledging to do that , some committee members successfully argued that there 's little reason yet to explore a different plan , according to one person familiar with the creditors ' position . 
Lawful demonstrations , such as peaceful picketing and other assemblages that do not disturb the peace or cause a public nuisance or interfere with the rights of others , are rights guaranteed by any truly free system of government . 
The $ 2.38 billion Dalkon Shield Claimants Trust was established as part of A.H. Robins ' bankruptcy-reorganization plan to resolve injury claims arising from use of the shield . 
Mrs. Gandhi had been assassinated by separatist Sikhs , and many Indians feared their country might split apart . 
These costs will complicate the budget picture in fiscal 1991 , and the measure further commits Congress to a set of costly projects , including the first construction funds for the space station . 
`` We 've seen cases where salesmen will affect the accent of the region of the country they are calling . 
Nevertheless , the device has been successful in other ways . 
The seven-day compound yield of the Dreyfus Worldwide Dollar Fund was 9.51 % . 
Thus , analysts say , the trust is unlikely to do anything that would hurt Manville 's other shareholders . 
Bank of England Governor Robin Leigh-Pemberton urged banks to be cautious in financing leveraged buy-outs . 
`` The stock market ai n't going to do much of anything '' for a while , says John Neff of Wellington Management , who runs the $ 8.3 billion Windsor Fund . 
Most recently , a lack of buyers has been added to the list . 
China 's parliament ousted two Hong Kong residents from a panel drafting a new constitution for the colony . 
In the least , we must recognize the futility of trying to use exchange-rate intervention to offset the effects of tax-rate reduction on capital flows . 
Worse , says baseball author Lawrence Ritter , `` Someone will get a heart attack and that will be the end of the whole story . '' 
Moreover , because no one knows for sure just when a recession is coming , some analysts think investors should n't even worry too much about timing . 
Dealers also note that the general lack of enthusiasm for the yen has helped bolster the U.S. dollar . 
Barney Hallingby , managing director of research at Hambrecht & Quist , also believes earnings growth is beginning to play a greater part in investors ' buying decisions . 
But a committee staff member said the panel is unlikely to pursue closely the role of the senators . 
Among her OTC picks are Oshkosh B'Gosh and A&W Brands . 
Sales rose 8.2 % to $ 848.7 million from $ 784.5 million . 
Some of this buying was by Japan , which has had its supplies sharply reduced by long production stoppages at the Bougainville mine in Papua New Guinea , Highland Valley mine in British Columbia , and the Cananea mine in Mexico , which are major shippers to Japan . 
After all , she reasons , `` there were housewives with Nikons and degrees from cooking schools in France who would kill for her job . '' 
`` This action will continue to keep operating expenses in line '' with revenue , said J. David Hann , president and chief executive officer of Los Angeles-based Quotron . 
The ads are just the latest evidence of how television advertising is getting faster on the draw . 
But neither the pilots nor the machinists appear interested , and Mr. Davis is barred from making a new bid under terms of an agreement he made with UAL in September unless UAL accepts an offer below $ 300 a share . 
At the time , Japan had just opened its doors to the world after about 250 years of isolation and needed a Western-style business center . 
Previously , regulators insisted that franchisers pre-register such changes with the state -- a costly process taking at least six weeks . 
Back then , scientists had no way of ferreting out specific genes , but under a microscope they could see the 23 pairs of chromosomes in the cells that contain the genes . 
Specialized Equity and Convertible Funds 
`` I ca n't support him because of abortion . '' 
Col. North conveyed the request to his superiors and to Assistant Secretary of State Elliot Abrams , who relayed it to Secretary of State George Shultz . 
Indeed , when the Bush administration finally decided this summer to renew import restrictions -- arguably the most important decision to affect the steel industry in five years -- Mr. Corry and his directors were aboard helicopters , high above Marathon 's rich oil reserves in the North Sea . 
The LDP must make a decision immediately ; Lower House elections must take place before June . 
In recent months , three big Tokyo-based publishing concerns -- including Nikkei Business Publications , Nikkei Home ( no relation ) , and Magazine House -- applied for membership in Magazine Publishers of America , which represents almost all U.S. consumer magazines . 
In the second quarter , middle-market cross-border transactions -- deals under $ 100 million each -- numbered 619 and totaled $ 6 billion , compared with 478 such transactions totaling $ 4.9 billion a year earlier , the firm said . 
The No. 3 U.S. auto maker had a 23.7 % plunge in car sales to 22,336 and a 17.5 % drop in truck sales to 22,925 , which include its minivans and Jeeps . 
The tender offer , which surprised analysts because it appeared to be unsolicited , could spark a period of industry consolidation . 
`` I think we are going to see deposit shrinkage continue , unless we see big changes in rates , '' Mr. Ely said . 
That unit of its Georgia Kaolin Co. subsidiary was sold to a unit of Unimin Corp . 
`` Everytime we talked about Blinder International , { people } thought it was the brokerage house . '' 
But he said the industry has `` a good decade ahead , '' particularly if aging baby boomers fulfill the industry 's dreams by buying RVs . 
Bonds : Shearson Lehman Hutton Treasury index 3371.36 , off 
-- Creative financing . 
For one thing , according to Mr. Daly , the producers requested a release in advance . 
THE NATION'S carriers also provide discounts to Red Cross workers , retired military personnel and medical students . 
He added , `` We have no intention of selling either business . '' 
`` It was like a comedy of errors , '' says Martin J. `` Hoot '' McInerney , a big dealer whose Star Lincoln-Mercury-Merkur operation in Southfield , Mich. , sold more XR4Ti 's than any other dealership . 
Such evaluations met with derision , and kept the machine from resigning as soon as humans would have -- prompting more derision . 
The self-proclaimed father of on-site massage is David Palmer , a 41-year-old San Francisco masseur whose mission is to save the touch-starved masses . 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor , which directs the growth and function of white blood cells . 
At 500 yen ( $ 3.60 ) for a handful of balls , pachinko is a common pastime , and has been since it took root as cheap entertainment in the years after World War II . 
They use 60 % more fertilizer per acre , twice the high-grade feed . 
It is the very lack of obvious drama or spectacle that sets the beauty of our land apart . 
`` I think we did . '' 
But the `` real world '' also includes the unpleasant truth that colleges are cheating the athletes they have wooed and won . 
`` I do n't think I have a life style that is , frankly , so flamboyant , '' he says . 
Walter S. Fisher , executive vice president and general auditor of the bank 's parent , Security Pacific Corp. , said no bank funds were at risk during the investigation . 
But LTV , a steel , aerospace and energy concern , said it is confident that the Supreme Court will uphold the lower-court decisions and said it expects to continue discussions with the agency about a settlement while the case is being reviewed . 
In the trial of former Haas Securities Chairman Eugene Laff , the defense accused one of the government 's chief witnesses of threatening to kill Mr. Laff . 
Even so , Mr. Taylor carried all but one of the district 's dozen counties . 
TREASURY BILLS : Results of the Monday , October 23 , 1989 , auction of short-term U.S. government bills , sold at a discount from face value in units of $ 10,000 to $ 1 million : 7.52 % 13 weeks ; 7.50 % 26 weeks . 
Okay , now you can pick up that phone . 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
Step 2 will answer the question : What happens if these increases do not materialize ? 
Surrounded by stacks of paper , two computers and photos of himself boating and flying , Mr. Phillips laid out several changes he hopes to make at the agency . 
`` For there to be wind in the sails of any program , the chief executive has to be blowing in the sails , '' says Rep. Burton . 
Sales were flat at $ 7.88 billion . 
Instead , a House subcommittee adopted a clean-fuels program that specifically mentions reformulated gasoline as an alternative . 
Digital , Maynard , Mass. , insisted yesterday that its marketing focus would differ sharply from IBM 's . 
With real estate experts Olympia & York and Samuel Zell 's Itel owning close to 40 % of Santa Fe 's stock , management was under pressure -- in a favored phrase of Wall Street -- to quickly `` maximize values . '' 
At a meeting Sept. 1 to consider the labor-management bid , the board also was informed by its investment adviser , First Boston Corp. , of interest expressed by buy-out funds including Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. and Forstmann Little & Co. , as well as by Robert Bass , Morgan Stanley 's buy-out fund , and Pan Am Corp . 
Revised terms call for each Ramada common share to be exchanged for $ 1 in cash , subject to possible reduction , and one share of Aztar common stock . 
`` It 's probably a reasonable transition . 
NBC 's `` On-Line '' consumer minutes have increased advertiser spending during the day , the network 's weakest period . 
Risk wears many disguises , and investments that are low in one type of obvious risk can be distressingly high in other , less obvious kinds . 
Rejection has been the major obstacle in the approximately 30,000 organ transplants performed world-wide each year . 
During that time , a buyer with the clout of a Renaissance could end up driving up the price of stocks it was trying to buy if it tipped its hand . 
The company said that it is discussing a management-employee buy-out of the facility , but that it would stop mining and selling coal at year end when existing sales contracts expire , regardless of the outcome of those talks . 
For last year 's fourth quarter , the company 's tax rate was less than 20 % , he said . 
D&B defines a business failure as a company that closes with losses to creditors . 
The numbers were adjusted for usual seasonal fluctuations . 
Dinsa Mehta , chief bullion trader for Chase Manhattan Bank , said : `` There is little incentive on the part of traders to sell gold because the stock market may go lower and gold may retain some of its ` flight to safety ' quality . 
Market watchers also noted an absence of institutional interest later in the session helped pave the way for broader declines when Wall Street opened weaker . 
If there is n't a recession , he said , `` we will be out of copper by the end of March . 
Pioneer was down 90 at 5,810 , and Sony lost 40 to 8,550 , down 10 % from its record set Oct. 11 . 
As part of the plan , the Houston-based company 's 1,100 Stop 'N Go stores will be refocused to target black , Hispanic , upscale or core middle-class customers . 
Police suspect that the criminals , who dig up the plants in the dead of night , are selling them to nurseries or landscapers . 
The FDA requested the recall of Quantum 's mioxidil tablets , chlorazepate dipotassium tablets and meclofenamate sodium capsules because , it said , the size of the production runs submitted for testing to gain FDA approval was in each case misrepresented as much larger than it actually was . 
Quack . 
It is to offer 1,800 francs for shares created on July 1 , which receive partial dividends . 
Over his objections , Mr. Peters says , the film 's release date was moved up `` by many months '' to December , and plans for a soundtrack `` worth millions of dollars '' were dropped . 
Yet with the smooth confirmation of Anthony Kennedy , an `` 80 percenter '' only slightly less supportive of judicial restraint than Mr. Bork , the Democrats may have won the battle but lost the war . 
THE R.H. MACY & CO . department-store chain is n't for sale . 
The Canadian application is expected to be announced in San Jose , Costa Rica , by Canadian Prime Minister Brian Mulroney , who is attending a centenary celebration of Costa Rican democracy . 
They closed Friday at $ 53.25 , down 50 cents on the day . 
A federal judge granted a temporary stay of the California Student Aid Commission 's emergency action to stop guaranteeing loans for National Technical Schools , a unit of United Education & Software Inc . 
He said Sassy will keep its irreverent tone , but added , `` We will keep a close watch on the editorial content of the magazine . '' 
This interest in words goes beyond puns and playfulness , however . 
He will keep the ball down , move it around . 
By 1973 , after their second child was born , it had become clear to Ms. Volokh and her husband Vladimir , a computer scientist , that they wanted to leave the U.S.S.R . 
One participant prematurely declared that America has had a free market in goods but a planned economy for environmental protection , while Poland represents the opposite . 
We just want a plan that satisfies creditors and at the end leaves a healthy Revco . '' 
But on the West Coast , where profitable oil production is more likely than in the midcontinent region , the Bakersfield , Calif. , office staff of 130 will grow by 175 to 305 . 
`` I think they should close down the futures exchange and then we could get back to investing . '' 
In response to the internationalization of the business , Mr. Sinyard 's company is replacing independent distributors overseas with wholly owned subsidiaries . 
The study also says that advent of new communications technologies makes `` an explicit congressional definition of the legal status of home copying more desirable in order to reduce legal and market uncertainties and to prevent de facto changes to copyright law through technology , '' and says that finding an `` appropriate balance of harms and benefits is a political decision , not a technical one . 
Average daily trading volume in June of 180.3 million shares was considerably higher than in September . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , BroadBeach said it sold the 101,000 McGill shares for $ 7.3 million in a private transaction on Oct. 12 . 
Exxon officials said it will cost less to run its headquarters at Las Colinas than in New York . 
Petrocorp , a New Zealand-based oil and gas producer , said the planned purchase would be its first oil and gas acquisition outside its home country , and would form the basis for a new stand-alone exploration and production unit in Canada . 
Revenue gained 3.1 % to $ 26.81 billion from $ 26 billion . 
Trifari , whose national ads earlier this year included paper cutouts of its costume finery , takes a tamer approach . 
Tom Panelli had a perfectly good reason for not using the $ 300 rowing machine he bought three years ago . 
So big is the capital-spending boom that Japanese companies ' outlays in Japan topped American companies ' domestic outlays by $ 521.4 billion to $ 494.8 billion in the 12 months ended March 31 even though Japan 's total output of goods and services is less than two-thirds America 's . 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 151,000 , bid , and $ 162,000 , asked . 
After years of experimenting , Mr. Chan produced a heavy-duty bicycle tire that outlasted its state-produced rival . 
`` The downside is very considerable , and at the moment the upside is very marginal . '' 
Mobil , which said it plans to cut its exploration and production work force by about 8 % in a restructuring , dropped 5\/8 to 56 1\/8 . 
With many rural districts yet to report ballots , election officials estimate support for Christian Democrats fell an average five percentage points statewide . 
After last Friday 's stock-market plunge , investment professionals cautioned people to resist the urge to call their brokers and sell stocks . 
And the failures make it possible for Warner in its current lawsuit to paint the producers as ingrates . 
The action renews concern about buyouts in high-tech industries . 
Robert J. Penn , president and chief executive officer , will take early retirement from this steelmaker Dec 31 . 
`` We were concerned that they were n't going to generate enough cash for capital spending and also to pay down debt , '' says a big investor in high-yield debt . 
Roy E. Parrott , the company 's president and chief operating officer since Sept. 1 , was named to its board . 
Volume in the second section was estimated at 30 million shares , up from 28 million Thursday . 
By contrast , in 19th-century Russia an authoritarian government owned the bank and had the power to revoke payment whenever it chose , much as it would in today 's Soviet Union . 
The split comes in the midst of a court battle over whether the San Diego Yacht Club should be allowed to keep the international trophy for sailing a catamaran against the New Zealand challengers ' 90-foot monohull . 
Tosco Corp. jumped $ 1.125 to $ 20.125 and Chevron Corp. , despite a temporary pipeline shutdown , rose $ 1 to $ 65 . 
Certainly I do not . 
Harry Manion , Mr. Sala 's attorney , says his client denies any wrongdoing and adds that the attorney general 's contentions about First Meridian 's business practices are incorrect . 
Soviet firms that hold some are unwilling to part with it , and joint ventures are n't yet allowed to participate . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Department of Housing and Urban Development to facilitate the refinancing of high-interest loans subsidized by the government under the so-called Section 235 home-ownership program for lower-income families . 
A few miles past Radzymin , a dirt road narrows to a track of sand and leads into Zalubice , a village of tumbledown farms . 
Miss DeLay requested that he come to her studio with a tape of the recital . 
`` The division will be sold off quite rapidly , '' predicted Neill Junor , an analyst at London brokers County NatWest WoodMac . 
Commercial gene-splicing was born . 
The index rose 1.1 % in the second quarter . 
Australia 's National Companies and Securities Commission said it will allow S.A. Brewing to acquire an option on as much as 20 % of Bell Resources Ltd. , a unit of Bond Corp. that is in the process of acquiring Bond Corp. 's brewing businesses for 2.5 billion Australian dollars ( US$ 1.93 billion ) . 
His point was there is no reason for East Germany to copy Soviet-style changes . 
`` You gave them some excitement that they did n't have in their lives . '' 
Some of the associations have recommended Dr. Alan D. Lourie , 54 , a former patent agent with a doctorate in organic chemistry who now is associate general counsel with SmithKline Beckman Corp. in Philadelphia . 
But it was the Quotron problems that had lingering effects . 
`` The events strengthen London 's hand in becoming the center for trading European stocks , '' Mr. Gilchrist says . 
November gasoline slipped slightly . 
Now , scholars in fulfilling their responsibility do not claim the right to invade every collection of papers that bears upon their topics of investigation . 
He said the provision `` was n't forced upon us , but the regulators made it very clear what they thought was an appropriate number . '' 
In a move that could pose a new competitive challenge to Time Warner Inc. 's powerful Home Box Office , cable giant Tele-Communications Inc. agreed to buy half of Showtime Networks Inc. from Viacom Inc. for $ 225 million . 
The company said the quarter included a 10 % increase in local-exchange usage for long-distance calling and a 5 % increase in the number of access lines in service . 
The bank holding company said stock repurchased will be used to meet requirements for the company 's benefit plans . 
If it does not quite have Chandler 's special magic -- well , at the end , neither did Chandler . 
That compared with the year-earlier $ 1.25 billion , or $ 2.10 a share -- which was inflated by a 15-cents-a-share gain from the sale of some MCI Communications Corp. stock and by an unspecified amount from a payment by Fujitsu Ltd. relating to a software dispute . 
These people invested in `` leveraged '' junk bond mutual funds , the publicly traded funds that make a habit of taking out loans to buy extra junk . 
Chicago-based Continental earned $ 65.2 million , or $ 1.04 a share , compared with $ 73.6 million , or $ 1.19 a share , a year earlier . 
Given such attitudes , some corporate masseurs prefer to go about their business quietly . 
Its advantage has been the peppy little Pride , sold as the Ford Festiva in the U.S. . 
No one admits to anything , but India 's industrialists have a history of making under-the-table campaign donations . 
Over the last 20 years , for example , Mr. Brouwer says , an investor putting $ 5,000 a year in the S&P 500 would have made nearly twice as much than if it were invested in Treasury bills . 
Revenue rose 40 % to 13.32 billion francs from 9.53 billion . 
@ 
According to Mr. Steinman , the newsletter publisher , Anheuser 's market share is nearly twice that of its nearest competitor , Miller Brewing , which had a 21.2 % stake last year . 
On a broader scale , the ruling could encourage other states ' courts to adopt the logic of the New York court , not only in DES cases but in other product-related lawsuits , as well . 
Separately , the New York Times reported that the Israeli government had provided its correspondent in Jerusalem with different documents that Israel said prove the PLO has been conducting terrorism from the occupied Arab territories . 
But then , he says , they put two loaded pistols to his temple and demanded he open the safe . 
The new company was created to meet growing demand for steel doors , concurrent with increasing local concern about fire prevention , the company said . 
In an interview at the time of his resignation from MCA , he said : `` I 'd rather build a company than run one . 
Concern about the volatile U.S. stock market had faded in recent sessions , and traders appeared content to let the dollar languish in a narrow range until tomorrow , when the preliminary report on third-quarter U.S. gross national product is released . 
Brockville is about 100 miles east of Toronto . 
In general , markets function well and adjust smoothly to changing economic and financial circumstances . 
We have been persuaded by the constitutional argument for the inherent line-item veto since 1987 , when lawyer Stephen Glazier first made the case on this page . 
Securities of MeraBank were placed under review last May , and will remain under review for downgrade , the agency said . 
The new bacteria recipients of the genes began producing pertussis toxin which , because of the mutant virulence gene , was no longer toxic . 
Among the brands for sale are Beefeater gin , the No. 2 imported gin in the U.S. , and Laphroaig single-malt whiskey . 
Prices for the U.S. benchmark West Texas Intermediate crude remained locked in a fairly narrow range before ending the session four cents lower at $ 19.72 a barrel for December delivery . 
Freight rates are bottoming out and starting to rebound . 
The agency , under his direction , bitterly fought a takeover attempt by WPP Group PLC of London before succumbing in May . 
Despite administration reservations , the plan has had the quiet backing of customs officials as well as influential lawmakers from Cessna 's home state , Kansas . 
Citicorp and Chase are attempting to put together a new , lower bid . 
Also , the Big Board met with angry stock specialists . 
A REVISED BID FOR UAL is being prepared by a labor-management group , sources said . 
That ad generated so much publicity that a trade magazine launched a contest for its readers to guess who the guy was and what he was doing . 
Citicorp also said that the average rate fell to 7.986 % at its $ 50 million auction of 182-day commercial paper from 8.1255 % at last week 's sale . 
The early move essentially established the day 's trading range , and traders said they saw little of the program activity that has battered the market recently . 
The appointments take effect Nov. 1 . 
I agreed . 
`` We suspected there was downtime built into our process . 
Earlier , Mesa had rejected a general proposal from StatesWest to combine the two carriers in some way . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters had agreed to extend their Warner agreement with the new five-year exclusive contract . 
Because of the glitch , however , the company said it does n't know when its machine will be commercially available . 
By pooling their resources , the two groups have effectively halved the design and development costs that would otherwise have been entailed , he said . 
GM is close to completing a friendly deal with Jaguar that is likely to involve an eventual 30 % stake and joint manufacturing ventures . 
`` There 's a lot of uncertainty out there , and it will cause a lot of swings , '' he said . 
Get out of the possibly collapsing building to the parking lot . 
$ 75.1 million , two-part offering of bonds apparently was won by a Merrill Lynch Capital Markets group . 
`` You are talking about a couple hundred thousand a year , '' said Bob Barber , an auto-industry analyst at U.K. brokerage James Capel & Co . 
One would force brokerage houses to provide the SEC detailed information about loans made by their holding companies . 
Since the most-recent wave of friendly takeovers was completed in the U.S. in 1986 , there have been more than 100 mergers and acquisitions within the European paper industry , he said . 
Francoise Verne , 52-year-old former deputy director of France 's mint , faces prison for her theft of some 67 rare coins from the mint 's collections . 
`` Every witness receives a formal subpoena , '' Rep. Gonzalez told him . 
Some climate models project that interior regions of Asia would be among the first to heat up in a global warming because they are far from oceans , which moderate temperature changes . 
Service Corp. International said it expects to report net income of 15 cents a share for the third quarter . 
Both issues are among the most popular with individual investors . 
Abortion via the pill is far more of an ordeal than conventional surgical abortion . 
The transaction has had a series of setbacks since the financing problems became known last Friday , with no signs or statements from the buy-out group to indicate that any progress has taken place . 
`` We think we 're getting only 10 % of the integration dollars our customers are spending , '' he said . 
But while U.S. interest may be big and growing , the difficulties that have stymied deals in the past show no sign of abating . 
Richard Luehrs , president of the Newport Harbor Area Chamber of Commerce , calls boiler rooms a `` negative we wish we could get rid of . '' 
The $ 4 billion in bonds break down as follows : $ 1 billion in five-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.25 % and a yield to maturity of 8.33 % ; $ 1 billion in 10-year bonds with a coupon rate of 8.375 % and a yield to maturity of 8.42 % ; $ 2 billion in 30-year bonds with five-year call protection , a coupon rate of 8.75 % and a yield to maturity of 9.06 % . 
They argue that their own languages should have equal weight , although recent surveys indicate that the majority of the country 's population understands Filipino more than any other language . 
At least two rival applications are expected to emerge in coming months , including one from TransCanada PipeLines Ltd. , Canada 's largest natural gas pipeline operator . 
When the Congress ( I ) lost the 1977 election , following Mrs. Gandhi 's hated emergency rule , a similar coalition took power and then disintegrated . 
`` One dealer told me that if he had more cars , he 'd sell them right away , '' says Takuro Endo , Nissan executive vice president . 
Sir Alan considers this an ill-advised and costly policy . 
That heavily politicized event learned nothing from the horrifying experience , and seems doomed to repeat it . 
Individual prosperity inevitably would result . 
The comic strip `` has a magical , everlasting quality about it . 
The National Institutes of Health policy would require researchers to cut financial ties with health-care businesses -- or lose their government money . 
The inverse trading relationship between bonds and stocks was interrupted yesterday as bonds fell despite a modest decline in stock prices . 
The information systems segment had a 44 % jump sales to $ 196 million . 
But prices later reversed course , finishing slightly lower , as investors concluded that any cuts would n't be large and that foreign oil producers would quickly pick up the slack . 
It was just those kinds of ultimatums that last week succeeded in turning up the heat in the debate . 
At El Monte Travel Center in El Monte , Calif. , customers now can get in only through a buzzer and lock system . 
Pemex , which produces 40 % of government revenue , desperately needs new investment . 
Among other things , the brief cited insufficient evidence . 
`` This is the worst shakeout ever in the junk market , and it could take years before it 's over , '' says Mark Bachmann , a senior vice president at Standard & Poor 's Corp. , a credit rating company . 
WHY BE A MIDDLEMAN for charitable gifts ? a retiree asks . 
Chase and Citicorp 's Citibank are involved in the UAL buy-out financing . 
Farm lending was enacted to correct this problem by providing a reliable flow of lendable funds . 
It 's like doing a documentary on apartheid and insisting that equal time be given to how terrific white South Africans are . 
`` I was never sure Donald Trump really wanted to take AMR , '' said John Mattis , a bond analyst with Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Still , Vista officials realize they 're relatively fortunate . 
CalMat Co. said it completed a $ 32.8 million sale of assets from its Los Angeles area real estate portfolio for net income of $ 12 million . 
`` The mountain bike feels as comfortable as the ` paperboy ' bike you had as a kid , but it can do so much more , '' he says . 
Yet their best boast is that they produce 32 % of Polish pork . 
`` These are just baby steps toward real interactive video , which I believe will be the biggest thing yet to affect television , '' he says . 
The reason is cost . 
Becton , Dickinson & Co. , for example , faces stiff competition from a Japanese supplier in the important syringe market . 
But , as Judge Kozinski noted , the context shows that Mr. Masson 's `` me alone '' remark referred not to his alleged pre-eminence in his profession but to the fact that his position on a particular issue was not shared by anyone else . 
Federal 's employees work long hours and seem to thrive on the stress of racing the clock . 
The protesters lie down in the street , blocking traffic , and will not move until the authorities carry them away . 
Stephen N. Wertheimer was named managing director and group head of investment banking in Asia , based in Tokyo . 
It 's ridiculous for a family with taxable income of $ 50,000 to pay the same 28 % incremental tax rate as a family with taxable income of $ 250,000 . 
Adding to the junk market 's jitters were reports that Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. is having trouble structuring a $ 1.6 billion offering for TW Food Services Inc. and will postpone or even cancel the issue . 
Net surged to $ 210.8 million , or $ 2.68 a share , from $ 26.7 million , or 33 cents a share , a year earlier . 
Of course , that was before Ford 's latest move . 
`` We view it as a good long-term investment , '' the spokesman said . 
District Court Judge Pierre Leval denied the injunction on the ground that New Era had failed to make its claim within a reasonable time -- the doctrine lawyers call `` laches . '' 
`` In our formula , we do n't have any losers except the competition . '' 
The federal mail and wire fraud statutes provide even better illustrations of the rapid evolution of a federal common law of white-collar crime . 
Du Pont Co. , Hewlett-Packard Co. and Los Alamos National Laboratory said they signed a three-year , $ 11 million agreement to collaborate on superconductor research . 
It also marks a `` major commitment to { real estate } development , which we have n't been involved with before , '' said Dale Hanson , the fund 's executive director . 
( Indeed without earlier manipulations , the current sequester of $ 16 billion would have been even larger . ) 
`` Then there was a big liquidation of stock '' across the board , he added . 
`` The more turnover , the better for our clients . '' 
The rationale for responding to your customers ' needs faster than the competition can is clear : Your company will benefit in terms of market share , customer satisfaction and profitability . 
For holders who decide not to tender their shares , Sea Containers will issue one share of preferred stock with a stated value of $ 25 , plus a cash dividend on the common stock . 
`` But the horrendous pace of call volume in the first half-hour slowed considerably . '' 
Of immediate concern is whether the Thatcher government will continue Mr. Lawson 's policy of tracking the monetary policies of the West German Bundesbank and responding in kind when the Frankfurt authorities move interest rates . 
If the setting is exotic , the prose is closer to Balzac 's `` Pere Goriot '' than it is to `` Arabian Nights . '' 
So Steve Milunovich at First Boston said he is cutting his earnings estimate for next year to $ 2 a share from $ 3 . 
Philip M. Hawley , chairman of Carter Hawley Hale Stores Inc. , expects sales at department stores open at least a year to rise a modest 3 % to 5 % over last year 's totals , both for his company and the industry in general . 
GANNETT Co. raised its quarterly dividend 11 % to 30 cents a share from 27 cents , payable Jan. 2 , 1990 , to shares of record Dec. 8 , 1989 . 
`` They lost the entertainment crown , and they needed one . 
Still , despite their efforts to convince the world that we are indeed alone , the visitors do seem to keep coming and , like the recent sightings , there 's often a detail or two that suggests they may actually be a little on the dumb side . 
`` I believe that any good lawyer should be able to figure out and understand patent law , '' Judge Mayer says , adding that `` it 's the responsibility of highly paid lawyers ( who argue before the court ) to make us understand ( complex patent litigation ) . '' 
Among active stocks , MCI Communications rose 7\/8 to 43 on 2.2 million shares , Mentor Graphics added 1\/8 to 16 3\/8 on turnover of 1.5 million shares . 
The normal term for the 1986 and 1987 model 323 is two years or 24,000 miles ; the term for the 1988 323 is three years or 50,000 miles . 
He says he spent $ 300 million on his art business this year . 
Yesterday 's statement did n't say whether the Japanese companies will acquire Qintex 's remaining stake in the resorts . 
Consumers Power and Bechtel Power Corp. last year announced a joint venture to buy the plant , currently owned completely by the utility . 
The Henderson plant will continue its other chemical operations , the company said . 
It ripens later than most apples , and growing it in U.S. areas with chilly autumns may be tricky . 
As word of the crime spree has spread , many agents have started changing their open-door policies . 
Sunday , Nov. 5 , 10:30 a.m.-1:30 p.m. EST , on ABC : New York City Marathon . 
Brokers handle such transactions through the Options Clearing Corp. , which guarantees all option trades . 
Partly , costs will be held down through strategic technology alliances , management said . 
Third quarter , Sept. 30 , 1989 : 
However , Dr. Etienne-Emile Baulieu , the French physician who invented RU-486 , wrote in a Science magazine article last month that the rabbit-test results could not be duplicated in rats and monkeys . 
Mr. Zafris thinks rates are heading down , helping small companies . 
The airline was the most active FT-SE 100 at 8.2 million shares traded . 
This perhaps was perceived as a `` bold '' stance , and thus suspicious . 
`` But the only way you can find out how your people are doing is by listening . '' 
`` If you create a wonderment , if you create something so exciting that the public dreams of being part of it , then they 'll come , '' he says . 
Total Assets plans and designs computer centers , computer security systems and computer backup systems . 
In addition , Searle will give pharmacists brochures on the use of prescription drugs for distribution in their stores . 
In the mid-1980s , after ABC had just bid a record $ 309 million for the 1988 Winter Games , he sniped at rivals for paying reckless prices . 
The warrants may be exercised until 90 days after their issue date . 
Istat said the statistics are provisional and are n't seasonally adjusted . 
The bankruptcy filing , the government has charged in a $ 1.1 billion civil lawsuit , was part of a pattern to shift insured deposits to the parent company , which used the deposits as a cache for real-estate deals . 
For nonunion workers , the costs rose 1.4 % . 
Home Nutritional currently has 10 million shares outstanding . 
`` There 's nothing that says that people at Harvard Business school have to agree with each other , '' said Mr. Buzzell . 
Robert I. Toussie , general partner of the investment group , said the Lionel response reflected management 's entrenched position , saying officials had failed to come up with a better alternative to his group 's offer . 
If a bank 's credit rating was lowered because of , say , its loans to Third World nations , that could also affect the ratings , liquidity and prices of the asset-backed issues that the bank supports . 
It is currently waiving management fees , which contributes to the higher yield . 
Overall access minutes of use increased 10.3 % and toll messages jumped 5.2 % . 
NOTE : 
Rising office vacancy rates in Fairfield County , Conn. , have builders and bankers scrambling to restructure loans . 
Mr. de la Bouillaire says Warner Brothers production president Mark Canton called him Oct. 19 and said Mr. Peters is `` off the picture . 
The reluctance of some states to let Drexel off the hook could hamper the firm 's attempts to polish its image after its guilty plea to six felonies last month , say several people familiar with the discussions . 
`` I think you 'll see share prices go down , and sterling now is under something of a cloud . '' 
South Africa 's government said peaceful demonstrations such as the anti-apartheid rally Sunday near Soweto have helped ease tensions and assisted political changes . 
We have literally altered the chemistry and physics of our planet 's atmosphere . 
Before the loan-loss addition , it said , it had operating profit of $ 10 million for the quarter . 
The last time cocoa traded at prices as low as currently was in 1974 . 
But that 's for the best horses , with most selling for much less -- as little as $ 100 for some pedestrian thoroughbreds . 
`` It does n't make sense to parachute out at this price , '' Mr. Steinhardt says , though he has stopped his takeover talk and now commends USAir managers ' `` operating skills . '' 
Net in the latest quarter included a pretax gain of $ 22.4 million from the sale of Combustion 's minority interest in Stein Industrie to GEC Alsthom N.V. of the Netherlands . 
The offering , Series 105 , is backed by Freddie Mac 9 1\/2 % securities . 
Under certain circumstances , the rights would entitle Philip Morris holders to buy shares of either the company or its acquirer for half price . 
However , Bond Corp. said the tax benefits remain available and might be used later . 
Italy 's wholesale price index rose 0.4 % in August from July and was up 6.1 % from a year earlier , the state statistical institute reported . 
It will be hard down the road to persuade Congress to approve money for SDI plans if lawmakers fear those plans could scuttle a completed treaty . 
Inventories are creeping up ; car inventories are already high , and big auto makers are idling plants . 
`` The break-even point for next year is much lower , but is it low enough ? '' he asked . 
Control Data 's third-party maintenance unit services products primarily made by Digital Equipment Corp. and International Business Machines Corp . 
Alan Weston , president of Weston Capital Management , a Los Angeles money-management firm , adds that in periods of uncertainty like today , `` it 's a good time to cut out the dead branches of your portfolio . '' 
Mr. Guber says he brought to lunch a release document Warner had agreed to in 1988 , when he and Mr. Peters made an aborted bid to buy part of MGM\/UA Entertainment Co. to run the MGM studio . 
Analysts say they think durable goods orders fell about 1 % , compared with a 3.9 % gain in August , and that growth in the third quarter slowed to about 2.3 % from the second quarter 's 2.5 % . 
The uproar led to the closing of the Los Angeles Better Business Bureau in late 1987 . 
In addition , Unisys set up an unspecified reserve -- apparently $ 60 million to $ 70 million -- to cover the minimum amount it will have to pay the government because of its involvement in the defense-procurement scandal . 
Customers of either DataTimes or Dow Jones News\/Retrieval are able to access the information on both services . 
DREYER'S GRAND ICE CREAM INC. , Oakland , ice cream maker , annual sales of $ 225 million , OTC , said it is delivering ice cream wherever roads are passable . 
The issue is rated single-B-3 by Moody 's and single-B-plus by S&P . 
Congressional Democrats and the Bush administration agreed on a compromise minimum-wage bill , opening the way for the first wage-floor boost in more than nine years . 
Despite Mr. Sumita 's statements , it is the Finance Ministry , not the central bank , that makes policy decisions . 
Newsprint results continued to be depressed , the company added , because of industrywide price discounting . 
Fiat said it 's only interested in technical cooperation with Saab . 
David Batchelder , a mergers adviser in La Jolla , Calif. , who aided Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis on the bids which put both UAL and NWA in play as takeover candidates this year , says that banks have been `` preparing to play a larger and larger role in acquisition financing . '' 
One building was upgraded to red status while people were taking things out , and a resident who was n't allowed to go back inside called up the stairs to his girlfriend , telling her to keep sending things down to the lobby . 
McCaw 's bid also has a similar clause . 
The State Bank 's move is part of a drive to iron out exchange-rate discrepancies as Moscow moves toward making the ruble convertible -- a goal that Soviet bankers and economists say is still far away . 
Mr. Craven said his move to the chairmanship means he will take a less active role in the day-to-day management of the group , but he added that the merchant bank 's strategic focus remains unchanged . 
Investors now are awaiting today 's release of the preliminary estimate of third-quarter gross national product . 
The Reagan administration also put Mr. Noriega 's G-2 back on the U.S. payroll . 
Richard Carrion , who is currently president and chief executive officer of Banco Popular , said the merger will result in a `` larger and stronger locally based bank . '' 
The appeals court also said the agency had to consider a company 's long-term ability to fund pension plans , not just short-term improved financial status . 
We recall that Mr. Roberts not only chides the Chancellor for being too easy because of a desire to constrain sterling , but also led the chorus saying that Mr. Volcker was too tight when he let the dollar rise . 
This seems to be happening now to limited partnerships , many of which either have gone into the tank in recent years or have otherwise been grievous disappointments . 
Many South Korean business people want a devaluation instead , arguing that the won 's recent gains already have weakened the country 's export performance . 
Rep. Mary Rose Oakar ( D. , Ohio ) at last week 's hearings on irregularities in programs at the Department of Housing and Urban Development : 
Passenger traffic jumped 14 % in the quarter , while profit per passenger grew 2 % . 
The picture for China 's exports is just as bleak , mainly because of the domestic credit squeeze . 
The new agreement will last for 3 1\/2 years starting July 1 , 1990 , when the current agreement expires . 
The study was initiated by Senate Judiciary Committee chairman Joseph Biden ( D. , Del . ) . 
`` It is clear , '' Ms. Waite says , `` that most of the effect of increasing education has been to shift who is helping the wife\/mother . 
He said , while dialogue is important , enough forums already exist `` in which different interests '' can express themselves . 
The ad agency had approached Ms. Midler about appearing , but she declined , citing a longstanding policy of refusing advertising work . 
Ever since , the remaining members have been desperate for the United States to rejoin this dreadful group . 
But Mr. Roman flatly denied the speculation , saying Mr. Sorrell had tried several times to persuade him to stay , offering various incentives and in one instance sending a note with a case of wine ( The wine , naturally , was Seagram 's brand , an Ogilvy client ) . 
Managing change , he adds , will require a lot more aid and a prominent role for the EC , especially in dealing with the question of German reunification . 
The accident was caused by faulty operation of a valve . 
But prosecutorial guidelines are effective only if someone at Justice is willing and able to supervise hyperactive prosecutors . 
The percentage rates are calculated on a 360-day year , while the coupon equivalent yield is based on a 365-day year . 
The British government retained the single golden share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 
While Mr. Roman is a workaholic detailsman , Mr. Phillips would rather delegate , leaving him time for his interests outside the office . 
Ford is `` in the driving seat at the moment , '' observed Bob Barber , an auto analyst at brokers James Capel & Co . 
The tagline : `` I only asked if she wanted a Jim Beam . 
Other airline stocks fell in response to the UAL board 's decision to remain independent for now , including USAir Group , which separately reported a third-quarter loss of $ 1.86 a share compared with a year-ago profit . 
Gregory Bessemer , who came in second in the stock division of the recently completed U.S. Trading Championship , says he uses fill-or-kill orders almost exclusively when trading options . 
`` Amenities '' planned for Chicago 's new Parkshore Tower apartments include an on-site investment counselor . 
And three years later , in a sea of red ink , the heroes can find themselves with a lot of explaining to do . '' 
While many experts argue that food-importing nations would eventually become self-sufficient in a free-market system , the poorest nations are likely to need help in the meantime . 
The combined effect of these changes is expected to save the company about $ 4 million in interest expenses next year , or six cents a share . 
In fact , Kazuo Ishiguro 's `` The Remains of the Day '' ( Knopf , 245 pages , $ 18.95 ) is both an homage to traditional English forms and a dramatic critique of them . 
The stepped-up administration warnings annoyed some lawmakers , especially senior Republicans who supported the bill because they thought the Transportation Department favored it . 
Then take the expected return and subtract one standard deviation . 
Ronald J. Taylor , 48 , was named chairman of this insurance firm 's reinsurance brokerage group and its major unit , G.L. Hodson & Son Inc . 
PaineWebber declined to comment . 
A large majority of the 961 former Tiger fliers support the union , according to a union study . 
Among them , he says , is the family 's traditional ties to old wealth and decision-makers in banking and industry throughout Europe and beyond . 
CBS expects to make modest profits , but rivals contend that it will take a beating . 
Inspired by imports , Mr. Rosen now makes fur muffs , hats and flings . 
It would inevitably lead to an increase in marginal income-tax rates in 1990 , he thinks , when the White House is forced to ask for higher taxes to meet budget targets . 
Resolution Funding Corp. to sell $ 4.5 billion 30-year bonds . 
The government is actually protecting avaricious ice-baggers and other profiteers who can not see beyond their own short-term gain . 
A spinoff series , of course . 
He is a politician with the courage of true conviction , as in summarily sacking exchange controls and in particular slashing the top rate of income taxation to 40 % . 
Arthur Andersen , the accounting firm , has increased its energy staff 10 % in a year . 
Would-be naysayers should have the burden of proving reasonable necessity when they urge a prohibition for enactment into law . 
The company not only merged three military-electronics manufacturing operations , but also closed an unrelated plant that makes ordnance devices used in fighter planes and missiles . 
Direct-mail executives see GM 's stand as an ominous sign -- even if the junk-mail kings did bring it on themselves . 
The group , led by Giant Group Ltd. and its chairman , Mr. Sugarman , owns about 45.2 % of Rally 's . 
Excluding transportation items , orders rose 1.8 % . 
The composite finished up 0.7 % from last Friday 's close . 
`` They are n't controlling their destiny like they used to . '' 
Allianz , for example , has said in official comments so far that it will remain neutral . 
A company official says Michael 's break-even volume on Easy Eggs is around 60 million pounds a year -- apparently well above current shipments and a far cry from what the company once suggested was a billion-pound market waiting for such a product . 
Long-term CDs declined just a fraction . 
Many economic-development officials say the Koch administration 's aggressive approach helped save 5,000 Chase Manhattan Bank jobs from moving across the Hudson . 
Indeed , in a note to the results , directors said if the `` true worth '' of some of the group 's assets were taken into account instead of using book values , the negative net asset backing a share would turn into `` a substantial positive '' one . 
This city is girding for gridlock today as hundreds of thousands of commuters avoid travel routes ravaged by last week 's earthquake . 
The Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 1.16 to 320.94 and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index slid 0.53 to 189.52 . 
Mr. Bush has long campaigned for passage of a bill or a constitutional amendment that would explicitly give him a line-item veto , which would enable him to kill individual items in a big spending bill without having to kill the entire bill . 
Japan has been testing imported food from Europe since the April 1986 Chernobyl accident in the Soviet Union , the spokesman said . 
AN EARTHQUAKE STRUCK Northern California , killing more than 50 people . 
And , with those contacts in place , it could be relatively simple to add Aer Lingus and GPA to the team . 
Although Columbia had a good summer with `` Ghostbusters II '' and `` When Harry Met Sally , '' rivals such as Warner , Paramount Pictures , Walt Disney Co. and Universal Studios have been thrashing Columbia at the box office . 
In the private sector , practically every major company is setting explicit goals to increase employees ' exposure to computers . 
Eventually , Mr. Stoll was invited to both the CIA and NSA to brief high-ranking officers on computer theft . 
And they eyeball types of risk that are not easily quantified . 
`` One thing you can bet on , '' he says , `` is that Congress will do stupid things with the Tax Code . '' 
`` They may get passed up later when other publishers get their acts together , but for now they are the quickest offering the most extensive plan , '' he said . 
Santa Fe Pacific ( NYSE ; Symbol : SFX ) 
The spot dislocations that showed up were largely the result of confusion ( much of it in Washington ) , though that was cold comfort for drivers waiting in mile-long lines at the gas pumps . 
The comments were the ministry 's first detailed public statement on the subject , and reflect the ministry 's concern that foreigners will think Japan is using its tremendous financial power to control events in foreign markets . 
After 78 days of mind-numbing testimony in federal court in Boston , the trial is being all but ignored by analysts and patent attorneys . 
The most recent sales do n't appear to be option-related , he said . 
While USAir is n't considered absolutely takeover-proof , its defenses , including the sale in August of a 12 % stake in the company to Mr. Buffett 's Berkshire Hathaway , are pretty strong . 
The company also cited the stronger dollar , which cuts the value of overseas profit when it is translated into dollars . 
In a Securities and Exchange Commission filing , Mr. Green said he had boosted his holdings in Bancroft common to 10.4 % from 8.5 % , and renewed an offer he made in March to acquire the fund . 
MACMILLAN BLOEDEL Ltd. said it borrowed 215 million Dutch guilders ( US$ 102 million ) from a group of Dutch institutional investors . 
Hertz Corp. -- $ 100 million of senior notes due Nov. 1 , 2009 , priced at par to yield 9 % . 
Long-term bond prices rose despite trepidation about what a key economic report will show today . 
The idea was to `` insure '' the value of a portfolio by selling futures when stock prices dropped -- eliminating the need to sell the stocks themselves . 
He has characterized the five senators ' roles as `` tantamount to an attempt to subvert the ... regulatory process , '' and he is n't expected to back down even though the five senators have disputed his account of a 1987 meeting . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Roderick D. Reed III , who was also chief operating officer of FirstSouth , could receive a maximum sentence of five years in federal prison and a $ 250,000 fine . 
Union Federal , a federally insured savings bank , has $ 2.4 billion in assets . 
Cray Research Inc. said it sold one of its newest and largest computer systems , the Cray Y-MP\/832 , to the United Kingdom Meteorological Office . 
Company lawyers recently sent letters to growers saying that Michael `` would take very seriously any effort ... to divert its contracted-for potatoes to other outlets . '' 
A charge of $ 80 million related to projected environmental costs in its refining and marketing operations further depressed results . 
The offering will be divided evenly between 13-week and 26-week bills maturing on Jan. 25 , 1990 , and April 26 , 1990 , respectively . 
You try to maintain your dignity under difficult circumstances . 
But it is n't just Washington 's relief dollars that are spread thin ; its relief manpower also is stretched . 
Yet these figures show only the most visible part of the problem . 
The tentative agreement calls for 3M to use the 115,000-square-foot plant and 19 acres of land for research laboratories . 
Although Petrie Stores has considered seeking to acquire the remaining equity of Deb Stores , it has no current intention to pursue such a possibility , the filing said . 
Customers hear a lot of this stuff from people who try to sell them stock . 
Mr. Daly said such discussions are motivated by the competitive threat posed by Federal Express , United Parcel Service of America Inc. and other fast-growing air-freight companies . 
He said Mr. Klein will return to his post at the end of the trial `` at which he will be vindicated . '' 
They said the president conceded the notification requirement did n't affect his decision to lend only minor support to this month 's Panama coup effort . 
The U.S. soon found new cause for concern : gun-running . 
Paul Lesutis , who manages more than $ 3 billion of investments at Provident Capital Management Inc. , blames futures markets for leading the way . 
If all goes well , the product will be rolled out for national sales sometime next year , a Coke spokesman said . 
Torchmark also said that Samuel E. Upchurch Jr. , 37 , vice president and general counsel , was selected to serve the remainder of the term vacated by John S.P. Samford , who resigned as director . 
Chemical earnings fell 10 % , reflecting softening of demand . 
But Mr. Rosen responds : `` Whatever people want to buy , I 'll sell . 
Any settlement is also expected to exclude Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters from any of the projects they were working on at Warner . 
`` If we 've got folks out there who are being turned away in the mortgage market improperly and unfairly , '' said Sen. Donald Riegle ( D. , Mich. ) , chairman of the banking committee , `` then that is a matter that needs remedy now , not six months from now , or six years from now , or 26 years from now . '' 
The yield on the issue stood at 7.88 % . 
The TVA 's public debt offering was its first in 15 years . 
FREDERICK 'S OF HOLLYWOOD Inc. , Los Angeles , said its board voted a 50 % increase in the specialty boutique-store operator 's semiannual dividend , to five cents a common share . 
`` I said , ` NOW ? ' 
So a stock with a beta of 0.5 is half as volatile , one at 1.5 is 50 % more volatile , and so on . 
The judge handling the case in state Supreme Court , a trial court , had tossed out the jury verdicts , ruling that the matter should have been handled under federal Occupational Safety and Health Administration rules . 
`` I do n't know if this will affect one institution or a hundred , '' Mr. Lowell says . 
Those figures are almost exactly what the government proposed to legislators in September . 
Mr. Timbers countered that `` the mere fact they put in circuit breakers is an admission of their problems . '' 
Frederick W. Lang , 65 years old , the founder of this software services concern , was elected to the new post of chairman . 
Could n't we save $ 20 billion or $ 30 billion a year by shifting that stuff to the reserves ? 
The Amex short interest volume leader again was Texas Air Corp. , rising to 3,820,634 shares from 3,363,949 . 
-- Left intact an award of $ 1.5 million in damages against Dow Chemical Co. in the death of an Oregon man from exposure to Agent Orange . 
When he gets calls , `` I do n't even have to consult '' with Mrs. Coleman , Mr. Masket says . 
Another Fox official , who declined to be identified , said Fox was n't pleased by the possible Paramount-MCA venture into prime-time programming . 
One reason for these hybrids is that indexing 's rapid growth is slowing , particularly for those `` plain vanilla '' funds that mirror the S&P 500 . 
Unreported alimony income can be spotted by computer because a payer of alimony ( who gets a deduction ) must report the former spouse 's Social Security number . 
Brokerage houses jumped in , touting `` post-quake demand '' stocks , and Kidder , Peabody & Co. set up a toll-free hot line for San Franciscans who might need emergency investment advice and help in transferring funds . 
Gannett has 161 million shares outstanding . 
Though direct mail to businesses is n't broken out separately , the association says it 's growing even faster . 
BSB BANCORP Inc. , Binghamton , N.Y. , said it increased its regular quarterly dividend 50 % , to 15 cents a share from 10 cents . 
And then there 's the case of the missing gold watch . 
In a separate complaint also filed in federal court here , shareholder Max Grill of New York charged Imperial , its top executives and directors with breach of fiduciary duty and squandering the company 's assets . 
These fears were clearly apparent when , last week , Secretary of State James Baker blocked a speech by Robert Gates , deputy national security adviser and Soviet expert , on the ground that it was too pessimistic about the chances of Mr. Gorbachev 's economic reforms succeeding . 
In high-tech , the Bay area accounts for 15 % to 20 % of the U.S. computer-related industry . 
State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance Co. , the largest home and auto insurer in California , believes the losses from the earthquake could be somewhat less than the $ 475 million in damages it expects to pay out for claims resulting from Hurricane Hugo . 
MCI Communications added 1 1\/2 to 43 3\/8 . 
I was a last-minute ( read interloping ) attendee at a French journalism convention and so far the festivities had been taken up entirely by eating , drinking , smoking , sleeping and drinking . 
He is putting money in Dress Barn , Circuit City Stores , Bruno 's , and Rubbermaid . 
Still , Merkur 's demise is a setback for Ford at a time when the company 's image as the U.S. auto maker with the golden touch is showing signs of strain . 
Payments averaged nearly $ 200,000 a year from the U.S. Defense Intelligence Agency and the CIA . 
Power of Suggestion Stronger in Japan 
Child 's Game 
BRIEFS : 
They 're bound to exaggerate . 
Dun & Bradstreet Corp. said business failures fell 17.8 % to 11,586 in the third quarter from 14,099 in the year-earlier period . 
Whatever one thinks of the idea , it 's far more than the budgetary gimmick it may seem at first glance . 
McDonald 's has long-term debt equaling 91 % of shareholder equity currently , but Mr. Kerschner said the company is carrying real estate assets at about $ 2.6 billion below their real value . 
We know firsthand the discrimination addressed by the act : to be told there 's no place for your child in school ; to spend lonely hours at home because there is no transportation for someone in a wheelchair ; to be denied employment because you are disabled . 
Amoco is the first major oil company to report third-quarter results . 
`` Hard Copy , '' the new syndicated tabloid show from Paramount Pictures , will use its 900 number for additional purposes that include research , says executive producer Mark B. von S. Monsky . 
The company , citing market conditions , postponed a $ 200 million debt offer . 
Finding him became an obsession for Mr. Stoll . 
London had some problems , too . 
The leaders ' talks coincided with a meeting in Madrid of anti-drug experts from the U.S. , France , Italy , Spain , Peru , Bolivia and Colombia . 
Terms of the transaction were n't disclosed . 
But Eagle said the financing was insufficient and sales during the past fiscal year sagged . 
Later yesterday the nation 's major auto makers added to the gloom when they each reported their core auto operations were net losers in the third quarter . 
The unusual situation in Birmingham vividly illustrates the divisive consequences of carving out safe districts for racial minorities . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 9 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
The perception lingers , says an official at a major industrial company . 
Kellogg suspended work on a $ 1 billion cereal plant , indicating a pessimistic outlook by the cereal maker , which has been losing market share . 
FORD MOTOR CO. , Dearborn , Mich. , auto maker , annual sales of $ 92.4 billion , NYSE , said its three Ford Aerospace unit facilities in the Bay area , including a satellite-assembly operation in Palo Alto , had no major damage . 
Given the structure of most credit programs , it is surprising that default rates are not even higher . 
Some in Big Oil are easing the grip on their wallets . 
Currently , the Transportation Department does n't have the authority to block a takeover in advance . 
As followers of the debate over a capital-gains tax cut know , there is much talk in Congress and indeed all over Washington about the need to `` encourage '' long-term investment and discourage the financial sector 's presumed obsession with the short term . 
Last week , a unit of MNC Financial Corp. offered $ 268 million of home-equity securities . 
A year ago , when almost nothing was happening amid these desolate dunes , `` you 'd spend two days working and two days in the yard , '' he recalls . 
But some anti-smoking activists disagree , expressing anger at what they see as the company 's attempt to purchase innocence by association . 
`` Texans can sniff a phony a mile away , '' the narrator warns outsiders . 
`` It 's a nice feeling to know that things stabilized , '' said Mr. Sherman , the 51-year-old co-owner of a discount department store . 
Wall Street is n't avoiding everything connected with paper . 
The American Stock Exchange said a seat was sold for $ 160,000 , down $ 5,000 from the previous sale last Friday . 
Or , the investor can exercise the put , by tendering the stock to his or her broker in return for payment from another investor who has sold a put on the same stock . 
For the nine months , profit skidded about 35 % , reflecting charges taken in this year 's second quarter and the effect of translations of weaker foreign currencies into the stronger U.S. dollar . 
In an attempt to persuade investors that his bid was n't just `` a stock play , '' Mr. Trump promised last week to notify the market before selling any shares . 
Sales rose 4.2 % to $ 3.31 billion from $ 3.2 billion . 
Fiscal fourth-quarter sales grew about 18 % to $ 1.38 billion from $ 1.17 billion a year earlier . 
For his troubles , Mr. Chan was jailed three times between 1960 and 1974 . 
`` There 's quite a bit of value left in the { Jaguar } shares here even though they have run up '' lately , says Doug Johnson , a fund manager for Seattle-based Safeco Asset Management . 
But Trelleborg still must clear some tough hurdles . 
Sterling was quoted at $ 1.5920 , up from $ 1.5753 late Tuesday . 
`` She 's being attacked by the demon , '' Mrs. Warren stagewhispers as the priest sprinkles holy water over the squirming woman , and the television camera grinds . 
`` This is a step in the right direction , '' said Martin Piszczalski , a Yankee Group analyst . 
Imperial said in a statement it expects other complaints to be filed in the wake of the original suit and a recent article in Barron 's magazine that focused on the company 's problems . 
South Korean President Roh Tae Woo , brushing aside suggestions that the won be revalued again , said the currency 's current level against the dollar is `` appropriate . '' 
In others a familiar old name still prevails , but the underlying game has changed . 
Inco 's net fell to $ 129.3 million , or $ 1.23 a share , in the third quarter from $ 200.3 million , or $ 1.88 a share , a year earlier . 
Mr. Meyer 's personal style was illustrated by his pinning a $ 100 bill to a high-school bulletin board on which other coaches tacked their cards . 
But traders who watch the stocks warned the rise may be yet another `` one-day phenomenon . '' 
FOR YEARS , costume jewelry makers fought a losing battle . 
Heavy construction , property-casualty insurance and forest products were among the best performing industry groups in the Dow Jones Equity Market Index yesterday . 
From 1980 to 1988 , while federal budget deficits totaled $ 1.41 trillion , the government issued $ 394 billion of new direct loans and an additional $ 756 billion of new primary loan guarantees . 
Not long after the appearance of life , evidently , there was an explosive proliferation in the number of animal designs seen on the earth . 
But some market players still think earthquake speculation could have more impact on the oil markets . 
Congress 's ham-handed treatment of the existing structure of junk-bond holdings reminds us of a story in the Journal earlier this year about the Baby Bell companies ' desire to have the court-ordered bans lifted on offering information services . 
Yet under Mr. Reagan 's preferred successor , President Bush , those two cherished national-security causes are withering on the vine . 
Warner and Mr. Azoff declined comment , as did MCA , where Mr. Azoff had also been discussing such a venture . 
The bad news in the junk bond market yesterday was that TW Services , a group of restaurant chains , became the latest prospective issuer to get a cold shoulder from bond buyers . 
This gives them the added benefits of international diversification -- including a foreign-exchange boost during periods , like the past week , when the dollar declines against other major currencies . 
Nor was there a shortage of customers in the area , the residential Inwood section of northern Manhattan . 
The average of interbank offered rates for dollar deposits in the London market based on quotations at five major banks . 
Members of the audience gasped or laughed nervously ; their industry has been unsettled recently by acquisitions . 
Jeffrey , Peter and Joseph Jr. are brothers . 
Mr. Nolan is a contributing editor at Los Angeles Magazine . 
Given Democratic frustration with the Reagan victories and Court appointments , the contingency plans in place , and Mr. Bork 's paper trail of vulnerable writings , it was pretty clear that Judge Bork never stood much chance of being confirmed . 
Traders said the continued turbulence in other markets , coupled with the drop in London following the Lawson resignation , were responsible . 
The index gained 527.39 Tuesday . 
He not only slashed marginal tax rates , initially sparking fresh growth in Britain , but he wanted to regulate monetary policy by targeting exchange rates , indeed joining the European Monetary System . 
The jury will resolve the claims against McDonnell Douglas , Northwest 's claim that a defect in the aircraft caused the crash , and McDonnell Douglas ' claim that the plane was improperly flown . 
But that means paying the horse 's maintenance ; on average , it costs $ 25,000 a year to raise a horse . 
For the latest fiscal year , the company 's net income jumped a robust 19 % to 35.5 billion yen ( $ 250.2 million ) . 
Some big companies have teams of in-house experts focusing on safety and business resumption . 
Sales declined 10 % to $ 251.2 million from $ 278.7 million . 
Democrats asserted that the proposal , which also would create a new type of individual retirement account , was fraught with budget gimmickry that would lose billions of dollars in the long run . 
There 's either more to come or an extremely long period of dullness . '' 
Last year , Bankers Trust said it placed $ 10 billion of corporate debt and equities privately . 
Hydro-Quebec said Maine regulators ' refusal to approve the contract earlier this year halted work on transmission lines and stopped negotiations for resale of electricity carried through Maine to other utilities . 
NEC said first-half computer sales totaled 555.5 billion yen , up 11 % from 500.26 billion yen a year earlier . 
Dollar : 141.70 yen , up 0.25 ; 1.8470 marks , off 0.0015 . 
Lloyd 's is being squeezed out of low-margin but more consistently profitable product lines such as primary property and marine insurance . 
The company last week assembled a three-member committee of directors aligned with neither side to analyze the situation . 
The Big Board reported that short interest dropped to 523,920,214 shares as of Oct. 13 from 547,347,585 shares in mid-September . 
Anglo American Corp. of South Africa Ltd. said the third-quarter combined profit of its six gold mines dropped 8.5 % from the previous quarter . 
In figures released yesterday by A.C. Nielsen Co . `` Teddy Z , '' produced by the television unit of Columbia Pictures Entertainment Inc. , was in 37th place . 
`` Tax reform is working , '' the study said . 
The conversion increased total equity capital by about $ 38.5 million to a total of $ 156.8 million . 
We 're not saying drink more , we 're saying trade up . '' 
Mr. Mahfouz began writing when there was no novelistic tradition in Arabic , and he modeled his work on Western classics . 
Shell Canada Ltd. said it plans to build a lubricants blending and packaging plant at Brockville , Ontario , with start-up scheduled for 1992 . 
So the older or most inefficient capacity has got to go . '' 
His dismissal triggered a furor among intellectuals that continues today . 
As reported , CNW agreed to be acquired by a group of investors led by Blackstone Capital Partners Limited Partnership for $ 50 a share , or about $ 950 million . 
The numbers behind such fears : The average debt of medical school graduates who borrowed to pay for their education jumped 10 % to $ 42,374 this year from $ 38,489 in 1988 , says the Association of American Medical Colleges . 
Lisa Zeidner 's third novel , `` Limited Partnerships '' ( North Point Press , 256 pages , $ 18.95 ) is a stylish , funny and thoughtful look at the way love relationships are affected by the pressures of money , or , more specifically , the lack of it . 
`` Psyllium 's not a good crop , '' complains Sooraji Jath , a 26-year-old farmer from the village of Lakshmipura . `` 
However , the resolve of some of the striking 57,000 machinists might be weakening . 
The growth of Las Vegas tourism in recent years persuades lenders that they will . 
The `` Bare-Faced Messiah '' decision strikes a blow against the whole historical enterprise . 
Hardly . 
That has outraged some fans . 
`` They wo n't do that very often today at all . 
Turkey has been fighting its past for years , and thus far has been only partially successful . 
A cell filled with heavy water is producing 1.0 to 1.5 watts more heat than an identical electrolytic cell filled with ordinary water next to it , reported Turgut M. Gur , an associate of materials scientist Robert A. Huggins , head of the Stanford experimental team . 
But TVS stunned industry analysts last month by disclosing that it expected MTM to post an operating loss for this year . 
`` If futures are n't permitted here , we 'll take it to Australia or Tokyo . '' 
Also last spring , Rep. Ron Dellums ( D. , Calif. ) , introduced a bill requiring universal two-party consent to any tapings in cases that do n't involve law enforcement . 
As a result , many of those now planning to leave Hong Kong ca n't easily be swayed by momentary improvements in the colony 's political and economic climate . 
Until last week , `` Everyone felt certain they knew the outcome of the election . 
The spy network would serve two clients : the Panamanian government , by monitoring political opponents in the region , and the U.S. , by tracking the growing Communist influence in the unions organized at United Fruit Co. 's banana plantations in Bocas del Toros and Puerto Armuelles . 
There is plenty of work to be done on what we have . 
Rather , Mr. Perlman said , Control Data intends to bid for the coming Minnesota lottery contract and is seeking new applications for the technology overseas , where `` there is great interest in games of skill . '' 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Enserch Corp. said about 12 million , or 93 % , of the publicly traded units of its limited partnership , Enserch Exploration Partners Ltd. , were tendered in response to an offer that expired Monday . 
During 1976 to 1979 , other former Franklin officials either pleaded guilty to or were found guilty of violations including phony transactions to hide the bank 's losses . 
You can go only up or down ( by heating the balloon 's air with a propane burner , which does make the top of your head feel hot ) and ride the air currents . 
That 's some of what emerges from the following charts , which show how Americans have changed their investment patterns over the past 90 years . 
The new tax , though a source of general resentment among Japanese taxpayers , replaced a higher commodities tax that applied to automobiles . 
But , says chief investigator Tom Smith , this `` does not translate into support for conservatism in general or into conservative positions on feminist and civil rights issues . '' 
`` If they get 50 packets of something , they open one , see what it says , throw 48 away and send two to people or departments they think are appropriate , '' a spokesman says . 
Since then , the bank has strengthened its Italian network , and has posted strong results . 
Separately , the board expanded to six members with the election of David L. Holewinski , a consultant . 
It has been trying to improve its share of the residential market . 
Though details were sketchy in the aftermath of the violent earthquake that shook the high-tech corridor along with the rest of the San Francisco Bay area , a spot check of computer makers turned up little , if any , potentially lingering damage to facilities or fabrication equipment . 
Geeks , by at least one definition , are chicken-mutilating circus freaks . 
A spokesman for Borden Inc. , the nation 's largest milk producer , concedes Goya may be on to something . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.47 % 30 days ; 8.30 % 60 days ; 8.27 % 90 days ; 8.08 % 120 days ; 7.98 % 150 days ; 7.90 % 180 days . 
The base rate on corporate loans at large U.S. money center commercial banks . 
The programs occurred against the backdrop of a late pullback in UAL , which had held at slightly lower levels through most of the session amid optimism that another bidder might surface . 
But whatever its effects on exports and imports , Japan 's investment boom during the past two years has been stimulated at least partly by soaring domestic demand . 
One possible solution for Wall Street is to increase the equity part of the transaction -- that is , give lenders a bigger stake in the surviving company rather than just interest payments . 
Today 's agreement gives Control Data a machine to compete against Digital and other general-purpose computer makers , said John Logan , a computer-market analyst at Aberdeen Group Inc. of Boston . 
And powerful political pressures may convince the Conservative government to keep its so-called golden share , which limits any individual holding to 15 % , until the restriction expires on Dec. 31 , 1990 . 
`` The few million dollars I could lose today is nothing against what I could lose on the spring line , '' says Mr. Levy , who estimates that Campeau stores will sell $ 25 million worth of his clothes this year . 
In the tender offer supplement , Dow Jones discloses the different growth forecasts but says it views the 20 % growth rate `` as a hoped-for goal '' of Telerate 's management `` and not as a realistic basis on which to project the company 's likely future performance . '' 
This legislation was not drafted by a handful of Democratic `` do-gooders . '' 
Because of those concerns , some manufacturers say they will ask for letters of credit before shipping spring merchandise . 
Sun Myung Moon , the Korean evangelist-industrialist who in 1954 founded the Unification Church , remains the mystery man behind a multimillion-dollar political and publishing operation based in this country and catering to the American right . 
The week 's total was down 7.1 % from 297,446 tons a year earlier . 
Each right entitles shareholders to buy one-half share of common for $ 30 . 
The governments of Alberta , Saskatchewan and Manitoba have strongly opposed federal regulation of their telephone companies . 
The Big Board wants to keep such index funds from fleeing to overseas markets , but only as long as it `` handles it intelligently , '' Mr. Phelan said . 
And senior officials of two U.S. securities houses say they switched trades in European stocks to the London market last week when they could n't unwind positions on the Continent . 
That temblor measured 6.1 on the Richter scale ; Tuesday 's was 
Mr. Dozen said Daiwa 's strengths were its large capital base , its influential position in the Tokyo market and its links to Japanese corporations and institutional investors . 
James Wright , chief investment officer for Banc One Asset Management , says , `` We 've been selling a disproportionate share of cyclical companies and buying a disproportionate share of high earnings stocks . '' 
Here is how three Vietnamese are coping with change : 
NatWest , the most actively traded of the banks , finished at 300 , up 1 . 
Although Mr. Wolf and John Pope , UAL 's chief financial officer , stood to pocket $ 114.3 million for stock and options in the buy-out , UAL executives planned to reinvest only $ 15 million in the new company . 
Although two Baby Bells showed strong growth in access lines , usage and unregulated business revenue , one reported a modest gain in third-quarter net while the other posted a small drop . 
Corresponding to the fall in profit rates was -- in the early 1980s -- the drop in the number arrived at if you divide the market value of firms by the replacement costs of their assets , the famous Q ratio associated with Prof. James Tobin . 
Both Gen. Scowcroft and his deputy , Robert Gates , are experts in U.S.-Soviet affairs . 
But massage , no matter how chaste , is still associated in many minds with seedy fronts for prostitution , and that makes some executives nervous . 
Newport Beach fits the scam artists ' specifications perfectly . 
That total was below the $ 140 million the auction house estimated the collection might sell for , but was enough to ensure that an unprecedented financial arrangement Sotheby 's had made with the Dorrance family proved profitable to the auction house . 
`` This is serious business ; we 're serious about a capital-gains reduction , '' said Kansas Sen. Robert Dole , the Senate 's Republican leader . 
Now , when I play with orchestras , the musicians often compliment me on my intonation . '' 
The agency has since acted to remove Alar from the nation 's grocery shelves by May 31 , 1991 , and the apple industry has said that growers already have stopped using the chemical . 
The stocks of computer-related companies located outside California improved , too . 
Yet the best the far-left could do was not enough to deter the biggest voting bloc -- nearly 40 % -- from endorsing the direction Spain is taking . 
Mr. Foley of Lloyds noted that Mr. Lawson 's replacement , John Major , the British foreign minister , will take time to establish his credibility and , in the meantime , sterling could trend downward in volatile trade . 
The Dow average now stands more than 20 % higher , while Renaissance 's portfolio of Treasurys produced a return of about 6 % through the first three quarters of the year . 
The Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. and Federal National Mortgage Association , two dominant issuers of mortgage securities , have a sizable amount of California home loans in their mortgagebacked pools . 
`` We 're extremely committed to optical storage technology '' he said . 
The reaction to the UAL debacle `` is mindless , '' says John Connolly , chief market strategist at Dean Witter . 
`` I think the current plan is sufficiently flawed in a sufficient number of bondholders ' eyes that substantial revisions will be required to get it done , '' says analyst Craig Davis of R.D. Smith & Co. here . 
Then , in late-afternoon trading , hundred-thousand-share buy orders for UAL hit the market , including a 200,000-share order through Bear Stearns that seemed to spark UAL 's late price surge . 
`` It was only a matter of time . '' 
Seats are currently quoted at $ 425,000 bid and $ 475,000 offered . 
American Medical said its directors have approved what is , in effect , a draft of a solvency opinion on the acquisition , submitted by the Los Angeles-based investment banking and evaluation consulting firm of Houlian Lokey Howard & Zukin Inc . 
A spokeswoman adds , however , that the group is considering offering `` a behavior-modification course , similar to a smoking-cessation program , to teach people ways to stay with it . '' 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
An exemption will remain for flights longer than six hours to Hawaii and Alaska , but estimates by the tobacco industry yesterday indicate all but about 30 flights would be covered . 
In fact , during last year 's campaign , the entire nation constantly heard Mr. Bush tout his accomplishments as head of the Task Force on Regulatory Relief . 
Lights flickered on and off ; plaster dropped from the ceiling , the walls still shook and an evacuation alarm blared outside . 
Meanwhile , a number of top sales producers from Integrated Resources Equity will meet this afternoon in Chicago to discuss their options . 
For the Parks and millions of other young Koreans , the long-cherished dream of home ownership has become a cruel illusion . 
Companies that only recently were thriving find themselves scrambling to survive . 
Mr. Peterson took the plaintiffs ' and other investors ' money to a meeting of the bank 's directors . 
Government lending was not intended to be a way to obfuscate spending figures , hide fraudulent activity , or provide large subsidies . 
While the prototype converter is costly , it 's being lauded by the infant HDTV industry as a way of increasing the number of high-quality shows that can be seen on the new medium . 
GM trimmed about 40 firms from its approved local counsel list , Mr. Pearce says . 
Kia , the only Korean car maker that has seen its overseas sales grow in 1989 , aims at Korea 's common man . 
Moreover , they note that LTV may be trying to send a signal to major customers , such as Chrysler Corp. and Whirlpool Corp. , that steelmakers need more money . 
Results for 1989 will include about 40 cents a share from the dilutive effects of snack-food and bottling company acquisitions . 
Moreover , Mr. Douglas sees a revival of institutional interest in smaller growth stocks that could boost the performance of these stocks in the medium term . 
( Keeping cool is a Dinkins priority : On humid days this summer , he was known to change his double-breasted suits as many as four times a day . ) 
I want to publish one that succeeds , '' said Mr. Lang . 
The company said it plans to form European ventures with Italian and Finnish companies . 
Instead , network officials say , it may `` counterprogram '' with shows for an audience that is virtually ignored in that time period : adults . 
Republicans figured that in Mr. Giuliani , the nation 's best-known prosecutor , they had a chance for a huge upset in the heart of Democratic territory and that they would pick up a new political star . 
In an Oct. 10 editorial-page article , `` It 's the World Bank 's Turn to Adjust , '' Paul Craig Roberts lays most of the blame for what ails developing countries at the doorstep of the World Bank . 
-- `` The pressure put on us to win at all times has resulted in physical violence , such as punching and slapping by coaches . 
The offering includes a new issue of $ 53 million of Tampa , Fla. , Series 1989 revenue bonds for St. Joseph 's Hospital Inc. , due 1996-2000 , 2005 and 2023 . 
`` So far , this list does n't change our view . 
For the first time in memory , it was standing-room only in BART 's sleek , modern railcars . 
These revised figures also may explain some of the recent strength of the dollar . 
JROE : 
The bench will be lower so the judge seems less intimidating , and walls will be painted in bright colors and covered with murals . 
FEDERAL FUNDS : 8 3\/4 % high , 8 11\/16 % low , 8 3\/4 % near closing bid , 8 13\/16 % offered . 
Sales dropped 6 % to $ 2.58 billion from $ 2.74 billion , reflecting eight fewer business days in the latest quarter . 
N. Nomura & Co . ( Japan ) -- 
The Street knows all about the predictability of its earnings , which are headed for a ninth consecutive yearly increase . 
The acquisition would give Wilmington , Del.-based Star States access to the Pennsylvania market . 
Private housing starts in Japan were unchanged in September from a year earlier at 144,610 units , the Construction Ministry said . 
`` He 's got to get Dinkins 's negatives up , '' says Lee Miringoff , director of the Marist College Institute of Public Opinion . 
Yet , while the failed coup is a major U.S. foreign policy embarrassment , it is merely the latest chapter in a byzantine relationship between Mr. Noriega and Washington that stretches back three decades . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Corning closed at $ 38.50 , down 75 cents . 
Digital , based in Maynard , Mass. , hopes to stage a repeat performance in mainframes , and it has spent almost $ 1 billion developing the new technology . 
Goodrich 's vinyl-products segment reported operating profit for the quarter of $ 30.1 million , less than half the $ 64.1 million of the year-earlier quarter . 
People also should n't invest money in stocks that they 'll need in the near future -- for example , for college tuition payments or retirement expenses . 
Professor of Taxation 
Negotiable , bank-backed business credit instruments typically financing an import order . 
Both men fit the mood of the times -- the mood being one of a public fed up with officials ' rationalizations for why their schools do n't work . 
Nearly half of them argue that Hong Kong 's uneasy relationship with China will constrain -- though not inhibit -- long-term economic growth . 
In particular , `` shadowing '' a currency is anything but fixing ; it is an open announcement that the exchange rate target has no credibility . 
The rogues ' gallery of planners involved includes some convicted felons , a compulsive gambler or two , various businessmen who had planned their own previous ventures right into bankruptcy , and one man who scammed his wife 's grandmother . 
But he struck out with the decimal system of metric weights and measures the French had invented . 
B & H Crude Carriers Ltd. -- Four million common shares , via Salomon Brothers Inc . 
But the low average volatility Mr. Phelan is talking about is n't any comfort in a period of rapid stock-market moves like the past week . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Bristol-Myers Squibb rose $ 1.75 to $ 52.75 . 
`` We expect additional offerings '' of asset-backed securities targeted toward individual investors , says Bill Addiss , a senior vice president at Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
`` Long-term investing -- that 's not Steinhardt 's style , '' chuckles an investor who once worked at Steinhardt Partners . 
Banks , investment and credit firms would be permitted to own land equivalent in value to 50 % of their capital -- currently the proportion is 75 % . 
At a back-yard barbecue , for example , a friend boasts that she 'll only have to pay premiums on her John Hancock policy for seven years and that her death benefits will then be `` guaranteed . '' 
Moreover , the securities were introduced only about 4 1\/2 years ago ; the biggest unknown is how they will fare in a recession . 
The rise followed boosts of 0.1 % in August , 0.7 % in July and 0.6 % in June . 
Stocks rallied on good earnings reports and on data that showed less inflation than expected . 
Oncogenes must be present for a cell to become malignant , but researchers have found them in normal as well as in cancerous cells , suggesting that oncogenes do n't cause cancer by themselves . 
And the ubiquitous opium addict is now a cynical and selfish man who gripes : `` Only government ministers can afford it these days ! '' 
Although overall revenues were stronger , Mr. Schulman said , DEC `` drew down its European backlog '' and had flat world-wide orders overall . 
East Germany 's Politburo met amid speculation that the ruling body would oust hard-line leader Honecker , whose rule has been challenged by mass emigration and calls for democratic freedoms . 
`` Most of us grew up believing in the axioms ` Haste makes waste ' and ` Do n't cut corners , ' ideas that seem to run counter to the concept of managing speed , '' says Dean Cassell , vice president for product integrity at Grumman Corp . 
There is doubt that the change would accomplish much but at least Congress , as in 1935 , would be doing something . 
The suit is still pending in Illinois state court . 
Yesterday 's vote dealt with the largest of these bills , an estimated $ 156.7 billion measure funding the departments of Labor , Education , and Health and Human Services . 
Shareholders are scheduled to vote on the transaction Nov . 
`` I 'm done in two minutes . '' 
Overseas sales were stronger , principally because of a rebound in Brazil , where economic turmoil had hurt year-earlier results , Johnson & Johnson said . 
Meanwhile , dollar trading was relatively uninspired throughout the session , according to dealers , who noted that Thursday 's release of the preliminary report on the U.S. third-quarter gross national product was something of a nonevent . 
And we meet engaging crooks , such as Hassan `` the Head , '' famed for his head-butting fights , his whoring and his hashish . 
`` It 's part of the capitalistic market system that equity can be bought and equity is bought , '' he said . 
Most said they shut down their petroleum pipeline operations as a precaution but did n't see any immediate damage . 
`` I emigrated to wear better hats , do better parties , '' she said with a giggle . 
Another finding from the study : Prosecutors set significantly different priorities . 
A one-acter by the Pulitzer Prize-winning playwright Marsha Norman is the first presentation in a new series called `` American Playwrights Theater , '' sponsored by General Motors . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Honeywell Inc. got a $ 22.3 million Navy contract for aircraft missile warning sets . 
Some of the coal the plants buy will come from Westmoreland mines . 
Earlier this month the company said its board approved a proposed management-led leveraged buy-out at $ 25.50 a share , or $ 750 million . 
`` It is a feel-good candidacy . '' 
Yet it is also axiomatic that the power to create new crimes belongs only to the legislature , and not to courts . 
But their most fundamental recommendation was to separate industry from the state , making it fully accountable for pollution control . 
The Wall Street Journal 's `` American Way of Buying '' survey found that 53 % of today 's car buyers tend to switch brands . 
`` On the close '' can be added to many types of orders . 
Saturday , Oct. 28 , 8-10 p.m. EDT , on HBO ( repeated Oct. 31 , Nov. 5 , 8 , 14 , 16 and 20 ) : `` Perfect Witness . '' 
The harvest delays , however , are expected to be temporary . 
`` I 'll find out , eventually , who pushed the state police buttons into action . '' 
This put Mrs. Thatcher in a bind . 
They are , nonetheless , high on Manville 's management . 
Sales rose 8.5 % to 195.19 billion yen from 179.916 billion yen . 
The realty unit might take on new debt or obtain additional investors , among other possibilities . 
But we 're out there and we 're going to stay in business . 
Russell Borner of Park Ridge , N.J. , says he has been working for the past year at a huge chemical and manufacturing concern in New York -- unbeknownst to the company 's executives . 
Among stock funds , the conservative growth-and-income portfolios probably will remain popular , fund specialists say . 
According to the filing , Parsow and Elkhorn are based in Elkhorn , Neb. , and are controlled by the same general partner , Alan S. Parsow . 
Manufacturers ' shipments rose 0.3 % in August following two months of declines . 
Dissidents in Czechoslovakia said the nation 's pro-democracy movement was growing despite the government 's move to crush a protest Saturday in Prague 's Wenceslas Square . 
G.D. Searle & Co. said the Food and Drug Administration approved the sale of Kerlone , a hypertension drug developed by a joint venture between Searle and a French concern . 
`` In the aftermath of Vietnam , in the aftermath of Iran-Contra , I can understand some people might think that if they plan a coup , they have to bring their lawyers , '' he says . 
The publisher argued in response that the `` fair use '' statute permits quotation `` for purposes such as criticism , comment , news reporting , teaching , ... scholarship , or research . '' 
Pressure from these members prompted the club recently to soften its anti-bike rhetoric ; it no longer , for example , lumps the bikes into the same category as motorcycles and other terrain-marring off-road vehicles . 
`` The trappings of success go a long way -- wearing the right clothes , doing the right things , '' says Paul Andreassen , an associate professor of psychology at Harvard . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
Yesterday , the benchmark 30-year bond was quoted late at 102 18\/32 to yield 7.89 % , compared with 102 9\/32 to yield 7.93 % on Monday . 
Darla St. Martin , of the National Right to Life Committee , says exit polls from the 1988 election had single-issue , pro-life voters giving Mr. Bush about five more percentage points of support than pro-choice voters gave Michael Dukakis . 
It did n't provide details of setup costs . 
Stocks of California-based thrifts also were hard hit . 
The state of California , following the lead of some regional parks , recently adopted regulations that closed nearly all hiking paths in state parks to mountain bicycles . 
In a statement , Southern Co. President Edward L. Addison said , `` We believe our decision to plead ( guilty ) to these charges is responsible and proper . 
In the lingo of computer security , the NASA intruder is technically a computer worm , Mr. Redmond said . 
The offering is rated doubleA-2 by Moody 's and double-A by S&P , based on the quality of the underlying auto loans and a guarantee covering 9 % of the deal from Ford Motor Credit . 
The price was reduced last August from an indicated value of $ 76 million . 
Everything looked good as neurosurgeon Walter Levy and colleagues carefully cut away a woman 's spinal tumor at the Cleveland Clinic in 1978 . 
Junk-fund holders have barely broken even this year , as fat interest payments barely managed to offset declining prices . 
We were lucky . 
Institut Merieux 's bid for Toronto-based Connaught has run into problems with the Canadian government , which told Merieux last week that it was n't convinced that the proposed acquisition would be of `` net benefit '' to Canada . 
But investors do n't seem to think so . 
At London 's close , the Dow Jones Industrial Average was 51.23 points lower at 2611.68 . 
One can not imagine how you live when you live those double and triple lives . '' 
GE , which vehemently denies the government 's allegations , denounced Mr. Greenfield 's suit . 
The warrants expire on Oct. 15 , 1992 , and may be called by the company at a price of $ 5.25 . 
A spoiler , nimble Tandem Computers Inc. in Cupertino , Calif. , jumped into the fray earlier this week with an aggressively priced entry . 
The declaration immediately made the counties eligible for temporary housing , grants and low-cost loans to cover uninsured property losses . 
`` The issue was very well-received -- Disney is such a well-known , you can say world-wide , name , '' said Vernon Dempsey , head trader of European equities at Kleinwort Benson Ltd. , which is making a market in the issue . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The poll conducted by Peter D. Hart Research Associates interviewed 2,064 adults age 18 and older from June 15 to June 30 , 1989 . 
Then the 20th century saw the evolution of private-sector wonder drugs , which promulgated medical therapy . 
The most worrisome stretch is 1.2 miles of waterfront highway known as the Embarcadero Freeway . 
`` What they want us to do just is n't practical , '' he says , noting that he employs 16 blacks . 
Whitbread now intends to bolster its brewing interests , in an effort to grab a share of sales to free houses . 
But , IRS private ruling 8940061 notes , no rule or court case bears directly on the issue of adding land to a principal residence . 
The pilots ' contract with Eastern calls for a mutually acceptable private arbitrator to resolve such grievances . 
Conner also makes hard-disk drives for desktop computers and is a major supplier to Compaq , which as of July owned 40 % of Conner 's stock . 
Offices of the city 's Rent Board were destroyed . 
Both genes are then inserted into a few greenhouse plants , which are then pollinated and allowed to mature and produce seed . 
It 's an inherited human disorder that 's been duplicated in mice . 
Bosses have big ears these days . 
William S. Smith 
Democrats had been negotiating with some Republican congressional leaders on a compromise lately . 
Dayton Hudson 's repurchase offer , representing about 9 % of its common shares outstanding , had established a range of between $ 60 and $ 65 for the buy-back . 
In an advisory letter , the department said that , starting Oct. 18 , loans could be limited to `` parties in interest , '' which generally means active workers but also includes retirees who continue as directors and 10 % shareholders . 
The refund stems from a court ruling that found certain payments by Humana subsidiaries to its insurance subsidiary during fiscal 1977 through 1979 were deductible as premiums for liability insurance . 
Unless he closes the gap , Republicans risk losing not only the governorship but also the assembly next month . 
`` If the Fed does not come to the rescue and produce lower short-term interest rates over the next 30 days , the market 's going to flounder , '' says Larry Wachtel , a market analyst with Prudential-Bache Securities . 
There is a more descriptive word to describe his lapse of common sense . 
It had hemorrhaged in its attempt to get into Asia , where treaty restrictions forced it to fly some planes half-empty on certain routes . 
David R. Jackson , formerly vice president , managing director of corporate communications for Maxwell Communication Inc. , was named vice president and assistant to the chairman of this maker of alcoholic beverages and consumer products . 
He said that when scientists from the two countries meet again in January in New Orleans , the Japanese will present at least three more drugs for human testing . 
But what kind of initiative can you expect given the climate set by Congress ? 
Average of top rates paid by major New York banks on primary new issues of negotiable C.D.s , usually on amounts of $ 1 million and more . 
Imprisoned by the Nazis during World War II for his political beliefs , Mr. Honecker typified the postwar generation of committed Communist leaders in Eastern Europe who took their cues from Moscow . 
GE is defending itself against government criminal charges of fraud and false claims in connection with a logistics-computer contract for the Army . 
Georgia-Pacific fell 2 1\/2 to 50 7\/8 , but most paper and forest-products stocks firmed as market players speculated about other potential industry takeover targets . 
The dollar finished at its intraday highs . 
General Motors earlier this year said it would n't deliver bulk mail or free magazines in its Flint , Mich. , office , while Air Products & Chemicals , Allentown , Pa. , says it screens junk mail and often throws out most of a given mass mailing . 
Chickens carry this bacteria , which can cause upset stomachs and , in rare cases , death among people . 
That 's just the beginning , '' he says . 
`` Companies move in and out , '' says Helga Kern of KK Swiss Investment . 
Since the start of the decade , lift-ticket sales have grown only 3 % a year on average , compared with 16 % annual growth rates in the '60s and '70s . 
By 1987 , these properties were in a tailspin , causing my broker at Pru-Bache to remark that she 'd `` never seen anything like it . '' 
British life insurer London & General , which firmed 2 pence to 356 pence ( $ 5.70 ) , and composite insurer Royal Insurance , which finished 13 lower at 475 , were featured in the talk . 
Imports of crude from the Middle East grew 17 % from year-earlier levels , and Southeast Asian crude imports grew 43 % . 
Perhaps the fiscal shock of tax cuts is after all best absorbed by floating rates , though of course in the event Mr. Lawson resigned over whether to support a weak pound , not restrain a strong one . 
The mistrials have left the reputations of GAF , Mr. Sherwin and GAF Chairman Samuel Heyman in limbo . 
Most political analysts say that if Mr. Gandhi 's opposition unites to field single candidates in most precincts , the Congress ( I ) will lose big . 
The situation was further aggravated early this month , when McDonald 's set plans to heat up the discounting by offering coupons . 
The fact that stock pickers have bested a randomly selected portfolio in eight of 12 months has no bearing on the efficient-market theory . 
`` Attention is fixed on the stock market for lack of anything else to sink our teeth into , '' said Robert White , a vice president at First Interstate of California . 
`` The ideal defense in a case involving an accident is to persuade the jurors to hold the accident victim responsible for his or her plight , '' Mr. Vinson has written . 
Such rate increases `` will increase the total cost of U.S. products and slow down the rate of increase of U.S. exports , '' said Richard Connors , a senior vice president of Yusen Air & Sea Service U.S.A. Inc. , the U.S. air-freight-forwarding subsidiary of Nippon Yusen Kaisha of Japan . 
It objected again in September when Prime Minister Tadeusz Mazowiecki reluctantly named a Peasant Party man as his agriculture minister . 
No tax increases would be necessary . 
The suit 's impact on New York may be narrow , however . 
Under this legislation , a woman must be informed 24 hours before the operation of the details of the procedure and its risks . 
The thrift emphasized that it has a large portfolio of equity securities issued in connection with corporate restructurings and leveraged buy-outs , which has a book value of $ 90 million . 
Before its shares were suspended from trading , Qintex Australia plunged to 16 Australian cents ( 12 U.S. cents ) a share yesterday from 33 Australian cents Friday . 
We got some exposure ... and pretty much good will . '' 
The yield on the Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond slipped to 7.93 % . 
Between 1981 and 1986 , the most recent five-year period for which figures are available , Lloyd 's reported over # 3.6 billion in claims and reserves against future losses ( $ 5.7 billion at today 's exchange rates ) , more than double the # 1.35 billion posted in the previous five-year period . 
The team even created a points system to identify those couriers and subgroups that were doing the most to reduce package-sort cycle time . 
Mr. Turner said the test will be shipped in 45 days to hospitals and clinical laboratories . 
If they do good credit analysis , they will avoid the hand grenades . 
The trading halt in the S&P 500 futures exacerbated selling and confusion , many traders maintain . 
The earnings drop had been expected . 
Analysts , however , were surprised because the tender offer appeared unsolicited . 
Similarly , Alfred Rubega , New Hampshire 's director of securities regulation , said his state had n't received any complaints about Drexel , so it really could n't press the issue . 
Mr. Johnson , of the Berkeley seismographic station , said : `` Landfill can be done if it 's properly compacted . 
The Beebes alleged that toxic fumes from the carpets made them sick . 
Mr. Barr said yesterday 's plea by Gulf Power , which came after months of negotiations , was based on evidence that Gulf Power had set up an elaborate payment system through which it reimbursed outside vendors -- primarily three Florida advertising agencies -- for making illegal political contributions on its behalf . 
The American Stock Exchange Market Value Index lost 3.11 to 379.46 . 
The stock had been on the decline since the financing for the UAL buy-out fell through on Friday and developer Donald Trump subsequently withdrew a takeover offer of $ 120 a share for AMR . 
It seems to me that such measurements are a vital part of any intellectually honest evaluation of the threat posed by CFCs . 
Yesterday , the Fed executed four-day matched sales , a technical trading operation designed to drain reserves from the banking system . 
John J. Crabb sold 4,500 shares for $ 11.13 each , leaving himself with a stake of 500 shares . 
By this month , it had more than doubled . 
Also announcing his resignation Thursday was Alan Walters , Mrs. Thatcher 's economic adviser and Mr. Lawson 's nemesis . 
The precedent having been set , who can complain if future generations called upon to defend the U.S. yield to the temptation to avoid the danger of combat by simply declaring the war immoral and hiding until it is over ? 
Exxon Corp. filed suit against the state of Alaska , charging state officials interfered with the oil company 's initial efforts to treat last spring 's giant oil spill . 
It 's a bizarre and totally inappropriate reaction , all to add more pizzazz to a script that 's already overdosing on pizzazz . 
In the 1988 third quarter , the company posted a net loss of $ 876,706 , or 22 cents a share , on revenue of about $ 5.1 million . 
Yesterday 's rally was led by RJR Holdings 13 3\/4 % bonds , which initially tumbled three points , or $ 30 for each $ 1,000 face amount , to 96 1\/4 before rebounding to 99 3\/4 . 
Milton B. Hollander , 60 years old , was named chief executive officer , succeeding Barrett B. Weekes . 
Lance Zipper , head of over-the-counter trading at Kidder Peabody , said it is difficult to make predictions based on yesterday 's trading volume . 
Warner denies Mr. Ross ever said any such thing , and , in fact , denies virtually everything Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters say in their affidavits . 
`` We 've done a lot to improve { U.S. . } results , and a lot more will be done , '' Mr. Mark said . 
Elected as directors were Mr. Hollander , Frederick Ezekiel , Frederick Ross , Arthur B. Crozier and Rose Pothier . 
The most remarkable feature about yesterday 's action was that the price of roughly $ 370 an ounce was regarded as attractive enough by gold producers around the world to aggressively sell gold , Mr. Mehta said . 
The U.S. defines it as `` premediated , politically motivated violence perpetrated against noncombatant targets by subnational groups or clandestine state agents . '' 
During 1988 , the Datatronic subsidiaries had combined sales in excess of $ 200 million . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
The TCI investment is a big victory for Viacom 's chief executive officer , Frank Biondi , and Winston H. Cox , president of the Showtime unit . 
But the continuing pressures for free-market economics suggest the conference 's vision was not all fantasy . 
Meanwhile , as such strategic investments have mounted , the merchant-banking arm of Mr. Rey 's Omni Holding has been busily buying and selling dozens of companies , often after a financial or corporate restructuring . 
Once again the company 's future looked less than rosy . 
Takeover fever has cooled , removing a major horse from the market 's cart . 
First National Bank of Chicago will act as trustee , and the transaction will be supported by an 8 % letter of credit issued by Dai-Ichi Kangyo Bank Ltd. , Chicago branch . 
IF IN VITRO fertilization works , it usually does so after only a few tries . 
The refund is about $ 9 million . 
That 's not all , he says . 
In addition , earnings growth took a back seat to cash flow , restructuring and takeover potential , and breakup value as the preferred stock-picking standards for much of the year . 
In a statement , Mr. Merksamer described the filing as a `` legal technicality , '' but also said that `` our inability to obtain trade credit , combined with a need to ensure that our stores were properly stocked for the Christmas season , necessitated our filing Chapter 11 . '' 
Lockheed Corp. -- $ 300 million of 9 3\/8 % notes due Oct. 15 , 1999 , priced at 99.90 to yield 9.39 % . 
Golar Gas Holding Co. , a subsidiary of Gotaas-Larsen Shipping Corp. , offering of $ 280 million first preferred ship mortgage notes , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Sony is acquiring Columbia and Guber-Peters Entertainment Co. in two separate transactions valued at more than $ 5 billion . 
He decided he could easily merge Pinkerton 's operations with his own while slashing overhead costs because the two already operated in many of the same cities . 
The Revco bonds are high-yield , high-risk `` junk '' bonds ; holders have $ 750 million in claims against Revco , Mr. Schulte said . 
The petite , 29-year-old Ms. Johnson , dressed in jeans and a sweatshirt as she slogs through the steady afternoon rain , is a claims adjuster with Aetna Life & Casualty . 
An FTC spokesman said the matter is `` in a non-public posture at this time '' and declined to comment further . 
With the futures locked into a trading halt Oct. 13 and trading in some individual stock difficult , program traders would have undoubtedly fled to the basket system , the traders say . 
Part of the increase would provide $ 90 million toward ensuring construction of a costly solid rocket-motor facility in Mr. Whitten 's Mississippi . 
In particular , Japanese investors will be keeping a wary eye on Wall Street to see whether Monday 's 88.12-point rally holds up as fresh U.S. economic data are released . 
Rubbermaid shares closed yesterday at $ 33.875 , off 12.5 cents , in New York Stock Exchange composite trading . 
Massage advocates say that kneading the head , shoulders , neck and back can go a long way toward easing tension and improving morale . 
It also declined against the mark but did n't reach its intraday low of 1.8435 marks until two hours later . 
Growth of 10 % would make sales for the latest quarter $ 269 million , compared with $ 244.6 million a year ago . 
The injured , including three in critical condition , were treated for burns , breathing problems and cuts from flying glass , hospital officials said . 
Eliot Savings Bank lost 7\/8 to 1 5\/8 after reporting that it had a $ 4.8 million loss in the latest third quarter mostly because of loan-loss provisions . 
A reinsurance company effectively insures insurance companies that wish to spread the risk of a particular policy . 
Analysts say the handful of hospital companies that are still publicly traded are benefiting from several trends . 
FileNet said it does n't believe the state has a valid basis of default and is reviewing its legal rights under the contract , but said it ca n't predict the outcome of the dispute . 
The one thing Mr. Phillips clearly does have going for him is continuity , although it is n't certain if that will be enough . 
His new forecast calls for `` a soft landing . '' 
`` I 'm glad to be out , '' said the 32-year-old Mr. Hartley in a phone interview . 
However , the trust 's cash flow from investments is far short of its payments to asbestos victims . 
That 's hyperventilating . 
Net for the quarter ended Sept. 30 fell to $ 150.8 million , or $ 1.20 a share , from $ 223 million , or $ 1.71 a share , a year ago . 
Dow Jones industrials 2603.48 , up 6.76 ; transportation 1191.86 , up 1.43 ; utilities 216.74 , up 0.88 . 
`` The bottom line is that if we can get that { Warsaw Pact } superiority brought down to parity , we ought to keep pressing ahead as quickly as possible . 
What is undemocratic is the unwillingness of the more political parts of the government to take the responsibility for deciding the basic question of monetary policy , which is what priority should be given to stabilizing the price level . 
Exxon Corp. said its third-quarter earnings slipped 9 % as profits from two of its three major businesses sagged . 
Amex issues with big percentage price gains included two Eastern Air Lines preferred stocks , reacting to the news about improved recovery in flight schedules after the company filed for bankruptcy protection . 
Tolstoy 's characters eat , Pushkin 's , Gogol 's . '' 
Typically , Mr. Willens estimates , this type of debt makes up 15 % to 20 % of the financing for LBOs . 
It 's also widespread for reservations clerks in the airline , car-rental , hotel and railroad industries . 
But when asked what exactly he does in business , he immediately takes offense . 
In practice , however , the line between interpretation and redefinition of the criminal law long ago began to blur . 
Mr. Lang took on Ms. and Sassy with the acquisition of Matilda Publications Inc. by his newly formed Lang Communications . 
Asked about the consultants ' reports , an Eastern spokeswoman said `` we totally disagree . '' 
The molecule is the mouse version of a protein called the interleukin-4 receptor . 
It also faces numerous other hurdles including an agreement on a pipeline route for the gas . 
Cotton Inc. , the fiber company that represents cotton growers , will begin a new ad campaign , developed by Ogilvy & Mather , Thanksgiving Day . 
And you thought the only reason to save your canceled checks was to prepare for an IRS audit . 
For the year , net income tumbled 61 % to $ 86 million , or $ 1.55 a share . 
It is n't ... . 
The classroom itself operated on the periphery of this awful system , discipline collapsed , and kids stopped learning . 
Investment analysts generally agree . 
That growth is the result of Mr. Andersson 's shopping spree , during which he has bought and sold more than 100 companies during the past five years . 
The company said the redemption is permitted because the price of Addington 's stock has equaled or exceeded $ 19.60 for 20 consecutive trading days , a condition set in the terms of the debentures . 
How easy it is To attack others ' views Without ever setting A foot in their shoes ! 
Wednesday , it will unveil a $ 7 million refurbishing at its flagship store on Madison Avenue . 
Los Angeles investor Marvin Davis , whose $ 240-a-share offer for UAL in August triggered a bidding war , says he remains interested in the airline . 
The London-based concern will sell most of its ad unit to France 's Eurocom . 
The network must refund money to the advertisers and loses considerable revenue and prestige . 
`` A lot of this stuff really is in untested waters , '' says Owen Carney , director of the investment securities division of the U.S. comptroller of the currency . 
Currently , Boeing has a backlog of about $ 80 billion , but production has been slowed by a strike of 55,000 machinists , which entered its 22nd day today . 
But through this period , so far as the U.S. military was concerned , Mr. Noriega was a model recruit . 
The Bureau of Labor Statistics says securities firms in New York City alone have slashed 17,000 jobs from the December 1987 peak of 163,000 . 
This week , the U.S. auto giant paid for 10 House of Commons members and two House of Lords members to fly to Detroit and tour its operations there . 
The markets are returning to normalcy . '' 
The studies are on exhibit at Harvard this month and will travel to Chicago 's Institute of Design and the University of California at Berkeley . 
But Chairman Gonzalez is a genuine maverick . 
James A. Hagen , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that earnings advanced `` in the face of a drop in business , brought on by the general economic slowdown . '' 
Welcome to that welter of contradictions known as Newport Beach . 
The company has five other U.S. plants , including a modern facility at its Battle Creek headquarters known as Building 100 , which is to add bran-processing and rice-processing capacity next year . 
Lawyers representing DPC declined to elaborate , saying they did n't have a final copy of the filing . 
Is this the future of chamber music ? 
Western European leaders who favor speedy economic and monetary union are adding a new argument to their arsenal : the dizzying political changes under way in Eastern Europe . 
In fiscal 1989 , P&G earned $ 3.56 a share , adjusted for the stock split . 
Moody 's changes affected the following issues : 
Specifications include a polished bronze sculpture at the center of each showroom and a tile bridge spanning a stream that flows into the building from outside . 
The deposits came from savings kept in a Tupperware breadbox ; he saved $ 47,000 in 1974-81 by living with family members and pinching pennies and $ 45,000 of secret gifts from his remorseful father , who had abandoned the family in 1955 . 
SEPARATED and divorced men and women are far more likely to be smokers than married persons , the Centers for Disease Control discovers ... . 
William A. Wise , 44 years old , president of the El Paso Natural Gas Co. unit of this energy and natural-resources concern , was named to the additional post of chief executive officer , succeeding Travis H. Petty , 61 , who continues as a vice chairman of the parent . 
Hooker 's U.S. unit is expected to agree in principle this week to sell its Merksamer Jewelers chain to management , according to executives . 
That is the key to the current `` national disease . '' 
For the nine months , earnings fell 2.9 % to $ 99.1 million , or $ 3.86 a share , from $ 102.1 million , or $ 4.10 a share , a year earlier . 
Consider , for instance , the very fat fowl known as federalized child care . 
In Tokyo Thursday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 140.97 yen , down from Wednesday 's Tokyo close of 142.10 yen . 
Behind them was a huge ANC flag and an even bigger sign that said `` ANC Lives , ANC Leads . '' 
The issue has also cost Federal management a lot of good will among its old pilots . 
Each $ 1 cumulative share can be converted into 4.92 common shares ; the ratio on the $ 3 cumulative is eight common shares for each $ 3 cumulative preferred . 
`` The fact that he is in the process of defending himself against the present charges could conceivably have an adverse impact on Y&R , '' Mr. Kroll wrote . 
In addition , another major building tenant , Thomson McKinnon Inc. 's Thomson McKinnon Securities , likely will vacate the premises as part of its liquidation . 
The Babelists of the United Nations are experts at obfuscation . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Friday , gold was quoted at $ 370.85 an ounce . 
And the ad copy is cheeky : `` How can you be a Wall Street hot shot without at least one Brooks Brothers suit in your portfolio ? '' 
Polly Peck International Inc. 's agreement to acquire 51 % of Sansui Electric Co. proves that foreign companies can acquire Japanese companies -- if the alternative for the Japanese company is extinction . 
Instead , his Merrill broker put him in a zero-coupon CD , which is sold at a deep discount to its face value . 
`` He took the reckless course of ignoring the evidence , '' Rep. Gonzalez said . 
`` We expect a big market in the future , so in the long term it will be profitable . 
Profit climbed to $ 98 million from $ 71 million in the petroleum segment , as Du Pont 's Conoco Inc. oil company was helped by crude oil prices higher than a year ago and by higher natural gas prices and volume . 
I was pleased to note that your Oct. 23 Centennial Journal item recognized the money-fund concept as one of the significant events of the past century . 
San Antonio , Texas -- $ 640 million of gas and electric revenue refunding bonds , via a First Boston group . 
A Chinese official harshly criticized plans to close a British naval base in downtown Hong Kong . 
Also , Sheldon Aboff , formerly a vice president at Maxwell , was named group vice president with responsibility for various electronic and publishing-group companies . 
Dallas investor Harold C. Simmons said he raised his stake in Lockheed Corp. to 10.62 % from 10.43 % of the aerospace and electronics concern 's common shares . 
The question is how much you get tied in with seedy characters so they can extort you . '' 
Mr. Tomlin , who left the Navy in 1985 , pleaded guilty earlier this year to related conspiracy , bribery and tax-evasion charges . 
Last month , Paribas 's archrival , Cie . Financiere de Suez , won a battle for Groupe Victoire , France 's second-largest private-sector insurer , which itself had just acquired West Germany 's Colonia Versicherung AG . 
`` He digs in the sand instead of hitting the ball , like a farmer , '' said Mr. Yoneyama . 
That , coupled with lower semiconductor prices and higher semiconductor-depreciation expense , contributed to the decline in sales and profit . 
Good for nothing . 
`` On balance , we think it will be positive . '' 
United 's directors voted themselves , and their spouses , lifetime access to the Friendly Skies -- free first-class travel , and $ 20,000 a year for life as well . 
A circuit breaker that would have closed down the New York Stock Exchange was n't tripped . 
We would add that in political terms , Mrs. Thatcher 's problem was failing to decide between the Chancellor and her adviser . 
Economic analysts call his trail-blazing liberalization of the Indian economy incomplete , and many are hoping for major new liberalizations if he is returned firmly to power . 
Operating profit of $ 37.2 million was unchanged . 
`` Before futures , '' says New York investor Michael Harkins , `` you actually had to pay attention to whether the thing you were buying had any intrinsic value . '' 
A major chunk of the $ 2 billion is expected to be eaten up by overtime for city workers deployed in the emergency , said a spokesman for Mr. Agnos . 
-- Most important of all , schools should have principals with a large measure of authority over the faculty , the curriculum , and all matters of student discipline . 
The announcement was made because of reports Tuesday that Cuba would delay shipments to Japan scheduled for later this year , into early next year . 
`` When someone says , ` I 've turned to God , ' everybody lays off , '' observes Frank Mankiewicz , an old Washington hand and former aide to Robert Kennedy . 
That would be a formula for ensuring even more FHA red ink . 
These guarantee protection against stock market declines while still passing along most gains . 
No one in his right mind actually believes that we all have an equal academic potential . 
When the deal ran into trouble , the stock tumbled ; it closed at $ 198 yesterday . 
Ginnie Mae 13 % securities were down about 1\/4 at 109 30\/32 . 
The company named Dillon Read & Co. as its exclusive agent for the stock buy-back program . 
Harken , which made its offer in August , said it still is awaiting a response to its offer from Tesoro 's board . 
The spinoff should solve a problem for the parent . 
Limit Order : Limit orders are used when investors want to restrict the amount they will receive or pay for an investment . 
Jackets may be sold next . 
Nissan instead has kept its new Stanza a bit smaller than that and cut the base price 6 % ; at $ 11,450 , Stanza prices start $ 749 below the predecessor model yet have a more-powerful engine . 
The result has been thinner margins , which have been further eroded by an ambitious research and development effort and rapid overseas expansion . 
But Prince Sihanouk has backed all sorts of ideas over the years , and done rather better by himself than by Cambodia . 
The Canadian Pulp and Paper Association , an industry group , said Canadian mills produced 532,000 metric tons of market pulp in September , compared with 527,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
Thus B.A.T 's restructuring may only make the company a more manageable target for other corporate predators -- possibly such acquisitive bidders as Hanson PLC . 
MCI Communications Corp. said it received a $ 12 million contract to provide virtual network services to Woolworth Corp. 's 5,600 corporate and retail sites in the 
Further investigation , he said , may result in further actions against Lincoln 's executives , said Mr. Seidman , `` including fraud actions . '' 
`` The stories are rubbish , '' a British Air spokesman said . 
Few analysts had much good to say about the pound 's near-term prospects , despite the fact that most do n't anticipate a shift in Mrs. Thatcher 's economic policies . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Cincinnati Bell fell 25 cents to $ 29 . 
`` Their management changed right after { the venture was formed } , and I do n't think they were comfortable getting into the competitive wars of women 's service magazines . '' 
While the pound has attempted to stabilize , currency analysts say it is in critical condition . 
However , an Olivetti spokeswoman said OCN-PPL , of which Olivetti sold the majority interest last year , `` does n't make equipment that has the type of precision necessary for sophisticated productions . '' 
Still , the directors said , `` Having fully considered all aspects of the company 's state of affairs and future cash flows , the directors confirm absolutely that the company is solvent . '' 
`` This is America , '' he says . 
`` It was a good reminder that we all need to prepare prior to an event . '' 
Collectors do n't say `` It 's a van Gogh '' anymore , laments Harry Brooks , the president of Wildenstein & Co. , a New York gallery . 
In that case , a group of left-leaning sociologists interviewed 252 registered voters around Harrisburg . 
Sales fell 1.2 % to $ 190.1 million from $ 192.5 million . 
The company offers more than 3,500 parts and supplies directly to microcomputer and minicomputer users through catalog sales . 
Last Friday 's market gyrations did not result in severe `` aftershocks . '' 
Young McDuffie 's first violin teacher was Henrik Schwarzenberger , a Hungarian refugee who taught in the Macon public school system . 
But the stock market swings have continued . 
Since then he has expanded his fleet and can now bring his furs to the front door of retailers as far away as the Midwest . 
In the year-earlier quarter , the automobile and trucking insurer had earnings of $ 1.4 million , or 48 cents a share on a restated basis , on revenue of $ 16.5 million . 
`` And export business is still good . 
These new products could account for as much as 35 % of the company 's business in 1990 , Mr. Conner estimated . 
The stock market went on a dizzying ride as UAL , parent of United Airlines , once again led shares into a breathtaking decline and then an afternoon comeback . 
Earlier this year , bankers and other investors were willing to provide financing because they assumed there would be major gains in both profitability and sales , Mr. Rosenthal added . 
The earlier use of incentives depleted the market of `` scavengers '' for bargain-basement 1989 cars , he said . 
The banking operation had a loss of $ 8.7 million in the second quarter , largely because of problem real-estate loans , while the insurance operations earned $ 884,000 . 
China might stave off a crisis if it acts as forcefully as it did to arrest the 1985 decline , when Beijing slammed the brakes on foreign-exchange spending and devalued the currency . 
The tax has raised less than one billion marks ( $ 545.3 million ) annually in recent years , but the government has been reluctant to abolish the levy for budgetary concerns . 
Fees 2 . 
But the disappointing sales of DAT machines here and abroad so far have not seemed to warrant the three years of legal wrangling that went into the agreement . 
The committee is formulating Hong Kong 's constitution for when it reverts to Chinese control in 1997 , and Chinese lawmakers said the two can only return if they `` abandon their antagonistic stand against the Chinese government and their attempt to nullify the Sino-British joint declaration on Hong Kong . '' 
But at a time when the White House wants to kill the entire program , Republicans have been among its leading champions . 
Ms. Browning says she believes a recapitalization involving employee ownership would succeed only if the pilots relent on their demand for control . 
Although the legislation would apply to any acquisition of a major airline , it is aimed at transactions financed by large amounts of debt . 
`` My outlook is for a decline of about 10 % in corporate profits '' in 1990 , she says . 
`` The World Series is brought to you by Lexus , who urges you to help relieve the suffering caused by the recent earthquake ... , '' the game announcer said . 
Jeffrey Nichols , president of APMS Canada , Toronto precious metals advisers , said there is little to motivate gold traders to buy the metal . 
The money spent on repairs will be counted as a plus . 
For the nine months ended July 29 , SFE Technologies reported a net loss of $ 889,000 on sales of $ 23.4 million . 
Even before the China crisis , weak U.S. demand was slowing local economic growth . 
His commanding officer at the Chiriqui Province garrison , Major Omar Torrijos , gave him an intriguing assignment : Mr. Noriega would organize the province 's first intelligence service . 
Much of the jockeying by OTC traders and investors centered on shares of companies that might be financially affected by damage from the devastating earthquake in northern California . 
Both hope to encourage pressure for change in East bloc countries still ruled by Stalinist holdouts by arranging liberal financial aid and trade benefits for Poland , Hungary and , to a lesser extent , the Soviet Union . 
Most issues have been sold to professional money managers , pension funds , bank trust departments and other institutions . 
The stock fell 3 1\/4 to 73 1\/4 on 3.4 million shares . 
But any chance for prices to surge above fair value lies in the speculation that accompanies a vigorous merger and buy-out business , and UAL has obviously put a damper on that . 
The Treasury also said noncompetitive tenders will be considered timely if postmarked no later than Sunday , Oct. 29 , and received no later than tomorrow . 
Backer Spielvogel Bates Worldwide named Mr. Achenbaum , 62 , vice chairman of professional services , reporting directly to Carl Spielvogel , chairman and chief executive officer . 
Your article points out the traps people fall into , but when reviewing those traps one sees just about all of them could have been avoided . 
In the series , Virgil Tibbs ( Howard Rollins ) and his wife , Althea ( Anne-Marie Johnson ) have settled in Sparta , Miss . 
DWG Corp. jumped 1 1\/4 to 15 on 454,100 shares . 
In 1989 , Mr. Steinhardt says he made money trading in Texas Air , AMR and UAL . 
People are shooting for a dream . '' 
The catalyst for all this has been OPEC . 
Beginning in December 1995 , Galileo will begin a two-year tour of the Jovian moons . 
Wall Street is just about ready to line the bird cage with paper stocks . 
The success of newcomer SsangYong Motor shows the strength of the auto market and its growing diversity . 
Sales were $ 12 billion , off 13 % from $ 13.8 billion . 
That happens when nervous stock investors dump equities and buy Treasurys , which are higher in quality and thus considered safe . 
He recalled to the audience a `` strange , infelicitous '' analogy he once heard arguing `` now that we have finally recognized that American blacks have rights , we need to do the same for animals . 
`` It 's hard to see how an investment by the largest { cable operator } in the weaker of the two networks is anti-competitive , when the stronger of the two networks is owned by the second largest '' cable operator , Mr. Kern said . 
All this causes Rep. Hyde to muse about an alternate way to drum up more enthusiasm . 
And Bill Konopnicki , a Safford , Ariz. , licensee of McDonald 's Corp. who is chairman of the company 's National Operators Advisory Board , says some fast-food outlets `` could be in serious trouble , based on the amount of discounting that seems to be going on . '' 
Champion International said , `` We 've gotten our costs down and we 're better positioned for any cyclical downturn than we 've ever been . '' 
And he told the physicist that China 's leaders were `` very much concerned '' about the deaths and had arranged aid for the victims ' families . 
At St. Louis-based General Dynamics , sales rose 10 % to $ 2.52 billion from $ 2.29 billion . 
In Tokyo on Monday , the U.S. currency opened for trading at 141.95 yen , up from Friday 's Tokyo close of 141.35 yen . 
Conner 's performance is closely tied to the burgeoning demand for battery-operated computers , the computer industry 's fastest-growing segment . 
But TPA sales fell below levels for this year 's first and second quarter sales of $ 48 million , cooling investors . 
`` Next year , earnings will hold steady , but we just do n't see a big turnaround in the trend in advertising . '' 
Kelly Siegler , an assistant district attorney who was in the courtroom , disputed suggestions the action was sexist , saying she had seen Judge Hancock turn away male defendants dressed in shorts , tank tops or muscle shirts `` many times . '' 
Spiegel said margins improved because its inventory position this year did n't need the costly markdowns required to trim last year 's swollen levels . 
`` The thing is so fluid right now that there 's really no way to say what will happen , '' says Justice Department attorney Grover Hartt III , who represents the IRS in the case . 
Prices fell marginally for fuel and electricity . 
Market-based pollution control may consume some capital that would otherwise purchase state industries . 
Revenue grew 13 % to $ 734.8 million from $ 650.9 million . 
The company said the general financial performance of its U.S. brewing operations , G. Heileman Brewing Co. , was `` disappointing , and this has been reflected in the results . '' 
Some of the allegations are simply bizarre . 
When acquired in May 1988 by British retailer Marks & Spencer PLC , Brooks Brothers ' annual operating profit was about $ 41.8 million on sales of $ 290.1 million . 
Tuesday , Nov. 7 , 8-9 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Hurricane ! '' 
Had the case gone to trial the same issues would have surfaced : 
`` Batibot , '' which started in 1983 as a hybrid of the U.S. program `` Sesame Street , '' has developed into a distinctly Philippine effort . 
The U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission sued New York state for age discrimination against appointed state judges . 
He 's now estimating that after a period of consolidation , the Dow Jones Industrial Average will once again forge new highs . 
But Mr. Iacocca 's remarks are the most specific indication to date of how many plants could be in jeopardy . 
Leading the gains for Du Pont in the latest quarter was its industrial products segment , where profit soared to $ 155 million from $ 99 million a year earlier . 
The bad news , however , has n't been bad enough to kill the growing demand for financial planning . 
The company yesterday also said it was scrapping one of its major new products , a 760-megabyte drive , which , while technically proficient , did n't hold much promise of generating substantial orders because financing problems caused a nine-month delay in getting the product to market . 
The incentives boosted sales for a while , but the pace had cooled by last month . 
One way out of that dilemma could be a partial recapitalization in which the pilots would wind up sharing the value of their concessions with public shareholders . 
The Nasdaq Financial Index rose 2.09 , to 454.86 . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading , Halsey closed at $ 5.8125 a share , up 6.25 cents . 
But Sotheby 's , Christie 's and the National Association of Antique Dealers are still trying to get theirs . 
Hoechst said the fertilizer market faces overcapacity in Western Europe , rising imports from East bloc countries and overseas , and declining demand . 
And , apparently , it is here to stay . 
Union Tank Car Co. , offering of $ 100 million of equipment trust certificates , via Salomon Brothers . 
One team at the Federal Express Ground Operations station in Natick , Mass. , focused on a particularly time-sensitive operation : the morning package sort . 
And resorts are adding other amenities , such as pricey restaurants , health spas and vacation packages with a twist . 
Results for the 1989 third quarter and nine months include a pretax loss of $ 33 million from the company 's business improvement and refocusing program , and a gain of $ 49 million on the sale of a subsidiary 's common stock . 
He has put some of his aesthetic ideas into practice with his design of the four-star Quilted Giraffe restaurant -- `` architecturally impeccable , '' Progressive Architecture magazine called it -- and his remodeling of Paul Stuart , the Madison Avenue clothing store . 
I agree with Mr. Lehman 100 % ! 
Lilly shares closed yesterday in composite trading on the Big Board at $ 62.25 , down 12.5 cents . 
All the figures are adjusted to remove usual seasonal patterns . 
3 ) Develop rental agreements with exclusive purchase options for the renter . 
In the suit , the department seeks to recover $ 7.7 million in costs incurred when the government terminated its contract with Meredith Relocation and sought other contracts to replace it . 
Quack . 
Other roads were obstructed by collapsed buildings and damaged water and power lines , an emergency relief spokesman says . 
The Ochoa trial in July , with its revelations of deeply rooted and widespread corruption , and the summary trial and execution , was extremely disturbing to everyone who has ever considered himself a friend of Cuba . 
When asked for a copy of the transcript , Mr. Lang said Judge Thomas P. Griesa had instructed him not to release it or the memorandum . 
Stocks involved in the shareholder suits include Union Carbide , RJR Nabisco , American Natural Resources , Boise Cascade Corp. , General Foods Corp. , Houston Natural Gas and FMC Corp . 
Through his lawyers , Mr. Antar has denied allegations in the SEC suit and in civil suits previously filed by shareholders against Mr. Antar and others . 
She said her employer ca n't afford the rate increases , and she fears she wo n't find another job with a benefit plan covering her ailment . 
The election , which would bring the first major union to Federal 's U.S. operations , has pitted new hires against devoted veterans such as Mr. Brown . 
It already has had success in electroluminescence , another promising technology adaptable for high-definition television . 
Their tone was good-natured , with Mr. Packwood saying he intended to offer the proposal again and again on future legislation and Sen. Mitchell saying he intended to use procedural means to block it again and again . 
He established his reputation as a freespender in January last year at Sotheby 's auction of the Linda and Gerald Guterman collection in New York . 
I have a question for Mr. Laband : How do I explain to the single mother of three standing in line next to me for the past three hours that the two bags of ice she needs to keep her children 's food edible will take her last $ 20 ? 
The vote of 345-47 sent the measure to the Senate . 
The key word in that paragraph , though , is `` may . '' 
`` We are being over-magazined . 
Mr. Oriani said his skepticism of the Utah claims was initially confirmed when his first experiments last spring failed to produce results . 
At least three other factors have encouraged the IMF to insist on increased capital . 
Under current rules , that accrued interest is deductible by the company issuing the debt . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 155.7 million shares . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading , Fireman 's closed at $ 35.50 a share , down 50 cents . 
So what does consensus mean ? 
Since then , the government has left observers wondering if it ever meant to join . 
`` I love Pilson , but he was the guy who complained most bitterly and loudly , '' says Robert Wussler , a former CBS Sports president . 
In the past year , Derby International Corp. , Luxembourg , has acquired such major brands as Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
Mr. Lagnado said that although retailers probably wo n't ever recover sales lost because of the California quake and Hurricane Hugo , they could see some benefits later on . 
`` People started wondering if something was wrong with him , '' Mr. Miranda recalls . 
In preparation for the withdrawal , Moscow , Kabul and New Delhi signed two agreements for several hundred newly civilian Indian experts to replace some of the more visible Soviet military personnel . 
The year was already shaping up as a difficult one for the recreational vehicle industry , which makes products such as motor homes , travel trailers , folding campers and van conversions . 
The two-thirds who have n't tried to make their portfolios more recession-resistant were split about evenly between investors who `` do n't believe in trying to predict the markets '' ( about 31 % ) and investors who `` do n't expect a recession '' ( about 15 % ) or are `` unsure if and when a recession might come '' ( about 22 % ) . 
William Tait , a former sales manager in Indianapolis , says that his office had all but sold a $ 1.5 million image system to pharmaceutical maker Eli Lilly & Co . 
The 1988 quarter also included one-time gains totaling about $ 35 million . 
The municipal bond market is bracing for tough times through the end of the year as it struggles to absorb an oversupply of bonds and two of its best customers turn into sellers . 
Colgate 's 1988 net income included $ 40.1 million , or 59 cents a share , from discontinued operations . 
The Environmental Protection Agency is getting a lot out of the Superfund program . 
With some other charities , however , it s the other way around . 
The average cost for breakfast at a `` decent '' hotel restaurant in New York is $ 17.12 , according to Corporate Travel magazine . 
Mr. Kennedy suggested Democrats `` yielded a great deal '' on the size of the increase , but he cited concessions from the White House on the training wage , which he said make it `` less harsh . '' 
The Oil Pollution Act , scheduled to come up for a vote in Congress this fall , would provide that if claimants are n't paid within 90 days of a spill , the liability fund would compensate them and seek reimbursement from the owner or operator of the vessel , says a spokesman for Rep. George Miller ( D. , Calif. ) , a sponsor of the bill . 
New Jersey gubernatorial candidate Rep. James Florio pointedly returned from campaigning to vote against the president yesterday in contrast with his opponent , GOP Rep. James Courter , who has ardently supported abortion restrictions in the past but was absent . 
-- Marguerite Whitley May . 
Note : These figures are only for mandatory charges and do n't include books , transportation etc . 
Maybe we should ask why it was that Du Pont so quickly capitulated and issued a statement , giving it wide publicity , that it was withdrawing CFCs . 
In an interview , James Smith said the banks ' `` markets are contiguous and their business philosophies are similar and conservative . '' 
The less-than-robust third-quarter results came amid renewed concern about the volatility of stock prices and the role of computer-aided program trading . 
Exxon 's Exxon USA unit was one of the charter members of the Corporate Conservation Council , a panel of executives formed in 1982 by the National Wildlife Federation to foster `` frank and open discussions '' between industry and the federation 's leaders . 
Nora Worth and Malcolm DeWitt , 33 and 39 respectively , live together in a townhouse in a transitional Philadelphia neighborhood . 
The index settled off the high of 2117.1 posted after Wall Street opened stronger . 
The association said the September total brought French output for the first nine months this year to 14,789,000 tons , up 4.5 % from a year earlier . 
Right now , the largest loan the FHA can insure in high-cost housing markets is $ 101,250 . 
The FT-SE 100 largely remained within an 11-point range establshed within the first hour of trading before it eased to an intraday low late in the session when a flurry of program selling pushed Wall Street lower . 
During the late 1970s , he was part of a musical `` brat pack '' -- a group of budding virtuosos who studied at the Juilliard School with the noted pedagogue Dorothy DeLay . 
`` With the repeal of Section 89 , we can no longer say they 're discouraging businesses from offering health plans , '' says Christine Russell , the Chamber of Commerce 's small-business advocate . 
Mr. Stoltzman introduced his colleagues : Bill Douglas , pianist\/bassoonist\/composer and an old buddy from Yale , and jazz bassist Eddie Gomez . 
The market turned quiet after rising sharply late last week , according to one analyst . 
Positive currency rates and strong sales growth led to a substantial rise in consolidated profit in the period , although the company did n't provide figures , as is customary with Swiss companies . 
That displeases many current holders , such as Allianz , which could n't be sure of selling all their shares if they tendered to Paribas . 
They were protecting his interests . '' 
And then it will be required to lower taxes by a corresponding amount during a three-year period after the temporary tax increase ends , said Cindy Katz , assistant director of the state department of finance . 
Some 70 % of graduates who recently earned an M.B.A. degree say they 'd prefer to work in or own a small company , yet most take jobs with large concerns , says a survey by the Foster McKay Group , a New York recruiting firm ... . 
The company later apologized and agreed to make $ 8 million in contributions to charities chosen by him . 
But investors are betting that the financial and psychological impact of the earthquake , coming so soon after the hurricane , will help stem more than two years of intense price-cutting wars among business insurers . 
Led by the Federation of Korean Industries , the critics are lobbying for the government to weaken its proposed restrictions and penalties . 
A year earlier , Chrysler 's net was $ 113 million , or 50 cents a share . 
( It should be noted that these requirements are in addition to any other existing requirements , such as review by the Asset Forfeiture Office . ) : 
Municipals 
The word `` death '' can not be escaped entirely by the industry , but salesmen dodge it wherever possible or cloak it in euphemisms , preferring to talk about `` savings '' and `` investment '' instead . 
`` When a company realizes that , it 's hard to go with Wang . '' 
AT&T unveiled a sweetened early retirement plan for management that the company hopes will save it $ 450 million in the next year . 
Our five-year plan contains three accounting devices -- negative money , an above guidance management reserve and optimistic inflation estimates -- which understate the spending the Pentagon has committed itself to by almost $ 100 billion . 
Justin Feldman and Jack Arseneault , attorneys for Mr. Antar , both declined to comment on the matter . 
The activity is enough to move some oil-service prices back up a little . 
The plant employs between 800 and 900 on three shifts . 
Free markets , free minds and free elections have an appeal that seems to get muddled only when delivered through U.N. organizations -- which of course are made up largely of governments that fear these principles at home . 
StatesWest serves 10 cities in California , Arizona and Nevada . 
As one of his defenders so aptly put it , President Reagan was simply doing what he had always done before his election ( and some would say thereafter as well ) . 
After all , Mr. Muniak says , `` in Poland there are n't too many people worried about the environment . 
Tokyo 's Nikkei Index of 225 stocks jumped 527.39 points to close at 34996.08 . 
Rep. Robert K. Dornan ( R. , Calif . ) Washington 
JAPANESE luxury-car makers are trying to set strict design standards for their dealerships . 
`` The ( paper ) loss here is very small '' for these sub-underwriters , observed John Nelson , a Lazard managing director . 
The company also has a stock-repurchase plan . 
Mr. Azoff resigned as head of MCA Records , a unit of MCA Inc. , in September , and had been discussing a joint venture with both Warner and MCA . 
Analysts were n't willing to speculate on how much money Carnival might lose through deposits . 
He applauds Toyota and Nissan Motor Co. for creating separate divisions for their new luxury models , rather than simply adding more nameplates to their standard car lines . 
Star lecturer at Harvard , author of numerous popular books on science , and scourge of the creationist lobby , Mr. Gould is perhaps the world 's most eminent evolutionary theorist . 
The electronics industry is closely following the Dellums bill . 
Shoney 's said the latest restructuring affected bank indebtedness that was incurred to finance $ 585 million of the company 's $ 728 million recapitalization that took place in 
Livestock and Meats 
The White House is making sure nobody will accuse it of taking this crisis lightly . 
The department will make payment for bills maturing on Nov. 2 to all investors who have requested reinvestment of their bills on that date , as well as to all account holders who have previously requested payment . 
But on a 53-45 roll call this provision was stripped from the bill last night after Foreign Relations Chairman Claiborne Pell ( D. , R.I . ) complained that it was an intrusion on exclusive powers vested in his panel for more than three decades . 
`` My name is judge , '' Judge O'Kicki told a car salesman in Ebensburg when he bought a new red Pontiac Sunbird in October 1984 , according to the grand-jury report . 
Phil Harms , a software engineer , was an eager customer . 
In one way , the psyllium middlemen -- the buyers and exporters -- are glad to keep news of the boom to themselves . 
A Manville spokesman would n't elaborate on the proposed changes . 
They will have to throw their hat in the ring . '' 
Integrated will pump $ 3.5 million to $ 4 million into Royal Alliance as initial funding . 
Mr. Koenig will build the corporate-finance and investment-banking business of Gruntal , which has primarily been a retail-based firm . 
Aside from the Soviet economic plight and talks on cutting strategic and chemical arms , one other issue the Soviets are likely to want to raise is naval force reductions . 
They are `` at the base of all of the problems of corruption , '' he says . 
Also , Exxon went down 3\/8 to 45 3\/4 and Allied-Signal lost 7\/8 to 35 1\/8 even though the companies ' results for the quarter were in line with forecasts . 
But the chief rule-making body for accountants backed off one part of its original proposal made earlier this year that would have required a breakdown of certain balance-sheet items related to off-balance sheet instruments . 
Since then , the ministry has announced 50 bans on food imports from European countries , including Italy , Spain , Turkey , Greece and the Soviet Union . 
The company said its directors , management and subsidiaries will remain long-term investors and wo n't tender any of their shares under the offer . 
Companies that actually market speed as part of their service train their managers to lead and participate in teams that increase speed and improve quality in everyday operations . 
Some in the market question whether Campeau will be in a position to pay bills at that time . 
Their junk funds combined have had net outflows totaling nearly $ 500 million , or about 13 % of their junk fund assets , in the past two months . 
Although legislative lines can result in under-inclusion ( which explains why the SEC has long resisted a legislative definition of insider trading ) , judicial lawmaking inevitably creates uncertainty because of the shadowy outer edges and implications of most judicial decisions . 
Mr. Bork 's opponents chose the battlefield , held it and kept it . 
Defense lawyers , perhaps understandably , say that plaintiffs ' lawyers taking such an approach will have little success in pursuing their claims , though they add that the facts of each case must be looked at individually . 
Genentech Inc. said third-quarter profit more than doubled to $ 11.4 million , or 13 cents a share , from a depressed 1988 third-quarter performance of $ 5.3 million , or six cents a share . 
Third-quarter sales dropped 11 % to $ 1.27 billion from $ 1.43 billion a year ago . 
Declines came because of concern that demand for copper may slow down . 
Mr. Breeden , in his first testimony to Congress since taking the SEC post , said the agency is studying the Friday the 13th market plunge , including how current circuit breakers affected the market that day and the following Monday . 
The move defied a law , approved in Moscow this month , banning such walkouts . 
The chancellor sometimes has used the occasion to announce major economic policy changes . 
General Motors Corp. 's big defense and automotive electronics unit , GM Hughes Electronics , said net income fell 22 % in the third quarter , reflecting declining military spending and slumping GM vehicle production . 
In Dallas , LTV said that it was disappointed that the court agreed to hear the case because it believes the move will further delay its Chapter 11 proceedings . 
In one of the first indoor air-pollution cases to go to trial , a state-court jury decided in favor of the defendant , Burlington Industries Inc . 
One of those areas is the development of a hand-held electronic device that would permit floor traders to enter trades as they make them . 
With economic growth slowing , they say they believe the Fed should ease credit even further . 
As one unidentified official clearly in the late stages of the disease told the Times : `` Baker just felt that there were some lines in the speech that could be misinterpreted and seized by the press . '' 
Hepatitis A , considered the least dangerous strain of the virus , has been confirmed in at least one GTE employee , company and city officials said . 
TASTY PROFITS : 
CMS management said Thursday that they planned to recommend paying a modest dividend when the board of directors met Friday . 
Japanese immigration authorities said they found 658 more Chinese among Vietnamese boat people , bringing the number of Chinese trying to enter Japan by posing as Vietnamese refugees this year to 1,642 . 
Putting the Secretary of the Treasury on the Board of Governors , one of the leading proposals today , is an example . 
Mr. Stoltzman tied the composer in by proclaiming him `` the great improviser of the 18th century , '' and then built on the image by joining with Mr. Douglas in some Bach two-part inventions , cleverly arranged for clarinet and bassoon by Mr. Douglas . 
But Mr. Rey brought about a merger in the next few years between the country 's major producers ; the increased efficiency has perked up the industry . 
But in the end , everything turns out for the best , in the film makers ' warped view . 
Corporate Issues 
RECENT LAW school graduates are starting jobs with law firms this fall -- and heading back to class . 
In Western , market-driven countries , recessions often have a bright side : prodding the economy to greater efficiency . 
The once-staid steel industry is about to be turned topsy-turvy by a 1990s technology revolution . 
Yet the rowing machine has n't been touched since , even though he has moved it across the country with him twice . 
And that , they say , will be good for bonds . 
A major factor in the third-quarter loss was the write-down of $ 143.6 million of goodwill . 
One is the Pao , a tiny coupe with a peelback canvas top and tilted headlights that give it a droopy-eyed look . 
( In auto advertising , however , items such as wheelbases are still described in inches . ) 
If that takes money , take it away from this discredited federal department . 
Ford Aerospace & Communications Corp. , a unit of Ford Motor Co. , was awarded a $ 15.9 million Air Force contract for computer improvements . 
But Manville 's ownership is unusual , and it has caught the eye of some canny -- and patient -- investors . 
Rep. Edwards voices the traditional conservative view that it 's a mistake to put too much power in the hands of a single person . 
We 're sorry to see Nigel Lawson 's departure from the British government . 
One brown two-year-old filly was wheezing from a cold , while another had splints on its legs , keeping both animals from the racetrack . 
He said his sales force is signing up schools at the rate of 25 a day . 
BRIEFS : 
The industrial average ended at 2659.22 , down 3.69 points . 
But most of those stocks fared well . 
It is rumored to be bound for a new model in the luxury Acura line in the U.S. , but Honda officials would n't comment . 
For one thing , Ms. Shere can draw on her cookbook , published by Random House four years ago , which is teeming with recipes for such specialties as kiwi sherbet , gooseberry fool ( a creamy dish made with crushed stewed berries ) and hazelnut `` oeufs a la neige . '' 
By October , when the committee rejected a much more modest covert proposal , even the administration was agreeing little should be done . 
`` There 's a definite psychology of the sale and different personalities you pitch different ways , '' he says . 
Most of us have to spend our time on pursuits that afford neither , drab duties rather than pleasures . 
The Westin staff had , kindly , set out lighted candles in the ballroom , prepared a cold-cuts buffet and passed around pillows and blankets . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
The privatization program is designed to rid the government of hundreds of assets and to raise critically needed funds . 
Fawn Hall , Oliver North 's former secretary , has yet to launch a hoped-for television news career , according to her lawyer . 
In broadest terms , stability has quietly settled into international oil markets . 
Humana Inc. said it expects to receive about $ 27 million in federal income-tax refunds and interest from a court ruling on a tax dispute . 
Jack Kemp and the writers Irving Kristol and George Gilder were influences , and Mr. Courter 's own conservative credentials proved useful to the current New Jersey GOP governor , Thomas Kean , in the 1981 Republican primary here . 
Volume totaled 173.5 million shares , 30 % above this year 's average daily turnover on Nasdaq . 
Using estimates of the company 's future earnings under a variety of scenarios , First Boston estimated UAL 's value at $ 248 to $ 287 a share if its future labor costs conform to Wall Street projections ; $ 237 to $ 275 if the company reaches a settlement with pilots similar to one at NWA ; $ 98 to $ 121 under an adverse labor settlement , and $ 229 to $ 270 under a pilot contract imposed by the company following a strike . 
Economists said the bond market 's strength also is a sign that investors expect the Federal Reserve to cut interest rates amid growing evidence that the economy is slowing . 
On other matters , Mr. Mulford said West Germany is contributing to imbalances in the world economy because of its success as an exporter . 
The primary subsidiary will be the combined banking operations of the two companies and will be known as Banco Popular de Puerto Rico . 
But the test may prove to be more sensitive in determining whether a tumor has spread or returned following treatment , Dr. Wilson said . 
Toshiba Corp. busted open that sector this summer with a notebook-sized machine that retails for less than 200,000 yen ( under $ 1,500 ) -- one of the smallest , cheapest PCs available in the country . 
Revenue grew almost 8 % to $ 301.9 million from $ 279.8 million last year . 
To confuse matters further , when UAL Corp. stock finally opened on the New York Stock Exchange at 11:08 a.m. , the price was listed at $ 324.75 a share , up about $ 45 from Friday ; in fact , its true price was $ 224.75 , down $ 55 . 
In late August , four contract workers were injured and one Phillips employee died after an explosion at a fuel supply line near the facility 's boiler house . 
And Dave Grusin 's witty score embraces the banal requirements of banquet-hall musicianship ( `` Feelings '' is a must ) without condescension . 
One individual said the shareholders ' accord was `` well worked out . '' 
According to a spokesman , the governor is also studying the possibility of raising state gasoline taxes . 
The department 's most significant clarification of existing RICO policy is a directive to prosecutors that they should seek to seize assets from defendants `` in proportion '' to the nature of the alleged offense , Mr. Runkel said . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries a warrant exercisable Dec. 1 , 1989 , through Nov. 9 , 1993 , to buy company shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Nov. 2 . 
The Federal Trade Commission ruled that five major title-insurance companies illegally fixed prices for title search-and-examination services by participating in joint `` rating bureaus '' in six states . 
The dollar posted gains in quiet trading as concerns about equities abated . 
Mr. Pilson 's `` Major Events '' strategy jelled after Mr. Tisch took over . 
Humana 's revenues , for example , are being boosted by large increases in enrollments in the company 's health maintenance organizations . 
Nonetheless , the suit seeks unspecified damages that an attorney for Quickview claimed could run into the millions of dollars . 
What 's more , he thinks this could be a nastier recession than usual : `` Once the downturn comes , it 's going to be very hard to reverse . '' 
But Lincoln Center President Nathan Leventhal , who would head a Dinkins transition team , is more mainstream , as is real-estate executive Anthony Gliedman , another insider . 
During the past year , Wang has developed new products and a new strategy and hired a new president . 
`` We will have a reasonably flat year this year , '' Mr. Schwarz says . 
Ethyl Corp. reported that third-quarter net income fell 12 % from a year-earlier quarter helped by a gain from discontinued operations . 
But they think promotions are limited . 
When Mr. Gandhi came to power , he ushered in new rules for business . 
When fully operational , the Guadalajara factory will employ about 1,500 workers and have annual operating expenses of $ 5 million to $ 6 million . 
The higher the ratio of hits to total words , the higher the presumed value to the reader . 
Rep. Don Edwards , the California Democrat , warned Mr. Allen that the speech would be `` outside the scope of the commission 's jurisdiction . '' 
He began by closing 120 of the combined companies ' 260 offices in two months , eliminating about 31 % of the company 's 2,500-person adminstrative staff , including more than 100 sales positions . 
The price was n't disclosed . 
The finance minister 's order was n't sparked by a single event and does n't indicate a souring in relations between the neighboring countries . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange fined and suspended two commodities traders accused of making prearranged trades with each other that allegedly cheated a customer . 
A private farmer in Poland is free to buy and sell land , hire help , decide what to grow and how to grow it . 
When the champ has lost his stuff , the great mystery novelist wrote , `` when he can no longer throw the high hard one , he throws his heart instead . 
Most stock-market indexes were hitting all-time highs at around the time of the poll . 
Comcast Corp. -- $ 150 million convertible debentures , via Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
On a 394-21 roll call , the House adopted the underlying transportation measure . 
Both of Dr. Baltimore 's public faces have been on view the past few weeks while he was under consideration to succeed Joshua Lederberg as head of the prestigious Rockefeller research institution . 
The House , meanwhile , approved $ 2.85 billion to aid in the recovery from the temblor and from Hurricane Hugo as state legislators moved toward a temporary sales-tax increase . 
Compaq said it foresees no difficulties in obtaining parts in the immediate future . 
And while the job is half done , Brooks is still bitter . 
Paris is currently phasing out fixed commissions under its `` Le Petit Bang '' plan . 
Cuba has been suspended from OAS membership , but the organization 's members are discussing Cuba 's reinstatement . 
I 'm not referring to the traditional champagne drenching during the back-on-terra-firma toast . 
The consumer price index climbed 4.3 % in the same period . 
Chiron Corp. , an Emeryville , Calif. , biotechnology firm , is seeing if the Phillips yeast can be used to make its genetically engineered human proteins . 
One basis for linking change in the East and change in the West is the notion that integrating 110 million Eastern Europeans with 320 million Western Europeans is primarily the task of Europeans , despite the U.S. 's obvious strategic and economic interest . 
Grumman Corp. was given a $ 15 million Navy contract for aircraft-electronics improvements . 
JAPANESE COMPANIES fare best in U.S. when they give Americans more say . 
Lonrho PLC of Britain is to come to the rescue of the French distribution group Societe Commerciale de l'Ouest Africaine in an operation that has been engineered with the Paribas financial group , Societe Commerciale 's main shareholder . 
Still , the split is there . 
At 3.8 million won , or $ 5,700 , the econobox is the lowest-priced car in South Korea . 
Without the gain , operating profit was $ 64 million , or 71 cents a share . 
The IMF has several reasons for requesting the increase . 
But quick turnover in artwork is `` like pawning your jewelry -- you end up with 50 % . 
He dies . 
The action in Pennsylvania , for example , will follow last week 's collapse of a special session of the Florida legislature to enact restrictions on abortions in that state , and the vote here in Washington by the House to permit federally paid abortions for poor women who are victims of rape or incest . 
The bank is now aggressively marketing retail services at its domestic branches . 
A survey contained in the 291-page report , `` Copyright and Home Copying : Technology Challenges the Law , '' found that most people consider home copying for such personal use a `` right '' -- a right , moreover , that was exercised by 40 % of Americans over the age of 10 in the past year . 
He still has 1,143 shares , according to SEC files . 
Chez Panisse was listed among the top 30 restaurants in the world this year by Connoisseur magazine . 
The fascist concept of corporatism envisaged an `` organic '' society in which citizens were spiritually and morally unified , and prepared to sacrifice themselves for the nation . 
When that day comes , it would be particularly awful to know that the United States sat on military aid and deprived these people of the means to settle their fate with at least a little honor . 
He said IBM has priced its leases aggressively , thinking that would help win business . 
The consumer-products and newsprint company said net rose to $ 108.8 million , or $ 1.35 a share , from $ 90.5 million , or $ 1.12 a share , a year ago . 
Two private groups are seeking Securities and Exchange Commission approval for plans that could be more broadly transferable . 
Kenneth Olshan , Wells Rich 's chairman , did n't return phone calls seeking comment . 
Sea Containers Ltd. , in a long-awaited move to repel a hostile takeover bid , said it will sell $ 1.1 billion of assets and use some of the proceeds to buy about 50 % of its common shares for $ 70 apiece . 
London 's Financial Times 100-share index shed 40.4 points to finish at 2149.3 . 
Once he realized that Paribas 's intentions were n't friendly , he said , but before the bid was launched , he sought approval to boost his Paribas stake above 10 % . 
When an electric current is applied to the palladium and platinum electrodes , the heavy water did begin to break up , or dissociate . 
The North Texas Chevy Dealers recently had a record sales month after the debut of ad campaign that thumbs its nose at elite Easterners . 
Jaguar shares closed at 869 pence , up 122 pence , on hefty turnover of 9.7 million shares . 
Like other large Valley companies , Intel also noted that it has factories in several parts of the nation , so that a breakdown at one location should n't leave customers in a total pinch . 
The company , which is in a costly modernization program , said earnings were hurt by higher start-up and new program costs , increased costs of materials , higher wages and an $ 11 million provision for bad debts in Latin America . 
Another takeover target , LIN Broadcasting , rose 1\/2 to 109 1\/4 on 495,000 shares . 
But Mr. Rivkin insists that the 10 pages were n't pulled because they were too bullish . 
It also prevents the conduct of a policy that has a long-term rationale , because it leaves the Fed guessing about what are the expectations of its masters , the politicians , who have never had to consider the long-term consequences of monetary policy . 
J&L , whose principal offices are in Detroit , is a mail-order distributer of industrial tools and supplies . 
But there are grounds for complaint . 
Lower feed prices may help animals eat more cheaply , but humans have to factor in an expensive middleman : the processor . 
$ 251 million of notes , due Nov. 1 , 1997 , was priced in a two-part offering through underwriters at Salomon Brothers Inc . 
Mr. Runkel declined to speculate on whether the guidelines would curb racketeering prosecutions against corporate defendants . 
The Soviet president and his prime minister , Nikolai Ryzhkov , spent the longest time , about 15 minutes , at the IBM stand , where they got souvenir computer-chip key rings . 
A healthy embryo can be picked for implantation and defective ones discarded . 
The charge on loans to brokers on stock exchange collateral . 
Its fast-food restaurants -- including Denny 's , Hardee 's , Quincy 's and El Pollo Loco ( `` the only significant fast-food chain to specialize in char-broiled chicken '' ) -- are stable , recession-resistant and growing . 
One airline executive , who declined to be identified , called the loss `` amazing . '' 
The extent of the disaster stemmed from years of chicanery and bureaucratic indifference . 
Other network applications have very different goals . 
In American Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Enviropact closed at $ 3 a share , up 25 cents . 
`` I think he is trying to improperly influence a witness , and by God I 'm not going to tolerate it , '' he says . 
Teleflora will run TV ads at Valentine 's Day promoting its `` Snoopy 's Love Bouquet . '' 
Squibb Corp. said net rose 17 % to $ 144.5 million , or $ 1.47 a share , from $ 123 million , or $ 1.25 a share . 
Norwood Partners Limited Partnership of Boston said it may make a tender offer for some or all of Phoenix Technologies Ltd. 's common shares . 
`` We still have serious differences with the text , '' a British official said , because it provides for a `` regulation of the labor market . '' 
So I think the conceptual base needs to be thought out in a different way . 
He said an altered license would be an `` embarrassment '' to teenagers and young adults and would act as a deterrant to drug use . 
He often groans , he says , at the `` clutter '' of sports stories about drugs , alcohol , gambling and some player 's lament `` about the miserly millions he is offered to play the game . '' 
Within two years , the moderates were exiled or in prison , Nicaragua had gone communist , and the Sandinistas were building one of the biggest armies in Latin America and threatening their neighbors . 
Brown & Sons Inc . 
The Tax Court is n't expected to rule before early next year . 
The first real test of whether prices have hit bottom may come in the next several weeks , when the new prices become effective . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Right now he takes people out to fish in the bays behind the barrier islands that curve for hundreds of miles along the eastern coast of Texas , enclosing milky green lagoons behind ridges of sand and grassy scrub that rim the deep blue of the Gulf beyond . 
A waterworks official said Fujitsu will have to design the system so it would be compatible with other makers ' equipment . 
The exchange had forecast that the contract would begin trading by December . 
-- FOREIGN TRADE . 
For Cathay Pacific Airways , the smooth ride may be ending . 
But of course the Democrats pillorying HUD in hearings and in the press have no such solution in mind . 
These `` active suspension systems '' electronically sense road conditions and adjust a car 's ride . 
NO , YOU WORK ! 
Conasupo controls prices on agricultural goods and operates retail outlets where basic consumer items are sold at state-subsidized prices . 
Paribas already holds about 18.7 % of Navigation Mixte , and the acquisition of the additional 48 % would cost it about 11 billion francs under its current bid . 
If anyone has difficulty imagining a world in which history went merrily on without us , Mr. Gould sketches several . 
`` The idea is to keep the clothes on and to keep people seated . 
We are prepared to support those changes , '' said Mr. Mosbacher . 
The massive temblor , which killed at least 61 people , severed the Bay Bridge , a major artery to the east , and closed most ramps leading to and from Highway 101 , the biggest artery to the south . 
He said construction would n't resume until market conditions warrant it . 
At the most there is only nine months before the LDP fuse burns out . 
But then , even a great many words could n't summarize the extraordinary pull of this movie about an orphaned bear who adopts a parent . 
In exchange for dramatically lower tax rates , the framers of that legislation sought to eliminate most of the exemptions , deductions and credits that gave some taxpayers an advantage over others . 
Analysts do n't expect the September surge in auto production to be repeated in the coming months . 
The commission order named the following companies : Ticor Title Insurance Co. of California , a unit of Los Angeles-based Ticor ; Chicago Title Insurance Co. and Safeco Title Insurance Co. , units of Chicago Title & Trust Co. ; Lawyers Title Insurance Corp. , a unit of Richmond , Va.-based Universal Corp. ; and Stewart Title Guaranty Co. , a unit of Houston-based Stewart Information Services Corp . 
( Judge Mayer was not on the three-member panel . ) 
Only 42 % of last year 's respondents anticipated slowing growth . 
Worse , her walls move all the time -- at least in this production . 
Ms. Malcolm had Mr. Masson describing himself as `` an intellectual gigolo . '' 
Stores such as Sears that sell big-ticket durable goods might actually get a boost as consumers rush to replace items lost in the disasters , he said . 
The future of the forest remains uncertain . 
The amount of blood surgical patients can donate and store before surgery can be increased by the new genetically engineered drug , EPO . 
He favors FPL Group Inc. , Florida Progress Corp. , TECO Energy Inc. , Wisconsin Energy Corp. , and Dominion Resources Inc . 
We were coming down straight into their canal . 
The most ruthless dictatorships have not censored their press more brutally than the drug mafias censor Colombia 's . 
When Mr. Fazio offered the California-backed $ 3.84 billion plan , Mr. Whitten insisted that the full 14 pages be read aloud by the panel 's clerk to underscore the range of legislative changes also sought by the delegation . 
Futures prices rose on a report that Cuba may seek to postpone some sugar shipments . 
Meanwhile , the index of the 100 biggest non-financial stocks , the Nasdaq 100 , gained 0.47 to 438.15 . 
The redemption then would be at 1.5 % of the total debt , increasing to 2.5 % in February 1991 , and to 3 % at six-month intervals thereafter . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 400 million of 10-year debentures with a coupon rate of 8.80 % , priced at par . 
`` It 's one of the best in the business , '' says Salomon Brothers analyst Stephen Dobi . 
The company said that it is selling two million shares and that the rest are being sold by certain stockholders . 
Georgia-Pacific has filed a lawsuit in federal court in Maine challenging the poison pill and the Maine merger law . 
But the two-day trip still has managed to fuel controversy over his administration 's policies in Central America . 
The forces at work included computer-guided trading , as well as profit-driven market makers and institutional investors who had bought stock on the cheap during the recent correction . 
`` If you look at 75 years worth of investment history -- including the Great Depression and every bear market since -- stocks have outperformed almost everything an individual could have owned by a long shot , '' says Barry Berlin , vice president at First Wachovia Capital Management . 
Mr. Driscoll said that , despite continued weakness in the region 's real estate market , Bank of New England expects the rate of increase in nonperforming assets to slow in coming quarters . 
It was Revco 's huge debt from its $ 1.3 billion leveraged buy-out in 1986 that forced it to seek protection under Chapter 11 of the federal Bankruptcy Code . 
In New Zealand 's tiny township of Kaitaia , which has had direct dialing for less than a year , about 30 angry phone-company customers questioned the size of their bills . 
Mr. Guber and Mr. Peters planned to run the nearly dormant MGM studio , and the two even tried to interest Warner Bros . ' President Terry Semel in becoming a partner after he advised them on the deal . 
THE REAGAN generation young men and women reaching political maturity during Ronald Reagan 's presidency -- are firmly liberal on race and gender , according to NORC , the social science research center at the University of Chicago . 
Mr. Kilpatrick will remain a director . 
Talking to a small group of U.S. executives afterwards , Mr. Gorbachev appeared impatient for a big expansion in U.S.-Soviet trade , which now amounts to a meager $ 3 billion annually . 
But Mr. Wathen 's team still must pay down about $ 82 million of long-term bank debt from the acquisition within the next four years . 
Both he and Mr. Lorenzo predicted that plan might be confirmed in January . 
StatesWest had proposed acquiring Mesa for $ 7 a share and one share of a new series of StatesWest 6 % convertible preferred stock it values at $ 3 a share . 
Mr. Siemienas is making a fortune -- $ 10,000 a month , he says . 
Osborn also operates Muzak franchises , entertainment properties and small cable-television systems . 
By contrast , average dollar volume on the Big Board last year was $ 5.3 billion . 
Discovision now has world-wide license agreements with major manufacturers covering CD audio disks , audio disk players , videodisks and videodisk players . 
Viewers can call a 900 number for additional advice , which will be tailored to their needs based on the numbers they punch ( `` Press one if you 're pregnant , '' etc . ) . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
`` And yet his company is one reason why rights are so high today . '' 
Banco Popular originally proposed the merger in July , in a cash and stock transaction valued at $ 50 a share , or about $ 293 million . 
`` I agree , it 's ridiculous , '' says Mr. Boren , and indeed by now ridiculous may be the only way to describe how the U.S. decides to take -- or rather , not to take -- covert action . 
It would create 38,000 local day-care commissions , answerable to the Department of Health and Human Services . 
State government is more typically split along Republican-governor\/Democratic-legislature lines than the reverse . 
Several observers interpreted Mr. Dozen 's appointment as an attempt by Daiwa to make its international operations more profitable while preparing the firm for the effects of the continuing deregulation of Japan 's domestic markets , which should mean increased competition . 
Kellogg is based in Battle Creek , Mich. , a city that calls itself the breakfast capital of the world . 
The company wo n't say how much it will save , but during at its interim location , sources say it will likely pay rent of $ 10 to $ 15 per square foot . 
WHO 'S NEWS : 
Another interesting example is the poison pill adopted recently by Pittsburgh-based National Intergroup Inc. , a diversified holding company . 
`` That 's the problem with trying to hedge too much , '' said Mr. Brouwer . 
In May , Rep. Don Edwards ( D. Calif . ) introduced congressional legislation that would require an audible beeping during any employee monitoring , warning people that they are being heard . 
Growth is good . 
But with much of the inefficiency squeezed out of the freight-transport system , rising costs are likely to be reflected directly in higher freight rates . 
`` I do n't think there 's anyone not building one . '' 
THE CHIEF NURSING officer can be responsible for more than 1,000 employees and at least one-third of a hospital 's budget ; a head nurse typically oversees up to 80 employees and $ 8 million . 
NEWSPAPERS : 
It also lowered some air fares . 
Not only is the typical Glasswork open-ended , it is also often multiple in its context ( s ) . 
`` It certainly was n't intended to be a demotion , '' the spokesman said . 
Toyota Motor fell 40 to 2,680 . 
That index , which contains technology companies with annual revenues of $ 200 million or less , gained 17.97 % by Sept. 30 this year -- still lagging the S&P 500 , but leading larger technology firms . 
There 's no huge buying , '' said Stephen Hill , head of equity sales at Jardine Fleming Securities Ltd. in Tokyo . 
Its counterpart , the Nasdaq Financial Index , was weak for most of the day , sliding 2.51 to 453.57 by the end of trading . 
He is n't sure a recession is coming , but says the other likely alternative -- reignited inflation -- is just as bad . 
So long as abortion was a question for litigation , not legislation , Republicans could find political security in absolutism . 
WELLS FARGO & CO. , San Francisco , bank holding company , annual revenue $ 4.9 billion , NYSE , minor damage at headquarters , 12 branches out of 170 in Northern California sustained structural damage that will preclude them from opening in the near future , 45 locations with at least one automatic teller machine inoperable , central computer systems are operating , no injuries . 
Often con artists will try to disarm their victims by emphasizing similarities between them . 
Massachusetts Attorney General James Shannon , opposing the license , said he will appeal the ruling in federal court . 
`` There 's seven million square feet of space that 's doing great . 
Many economists have started predicting a mild recession next year . 
With limited budgets for television in a high-priced market , Mr. Florio 's higher recognition than his rival is a major advantage . 
In addition , Delmed , which makes and sells a dialysis solution used in treating kidney diseases , said negotiations about pricing had collapsed between it and a major distributor , National Medical Care Inc . 
Tomoshige Kakita , senior deputy manager in the treasury department of Mitsui Bank Ltd. in Tokyo , suggested that uncertainty about U.S. stocks and bonds has made Japanese investors leery of holding those securities in the near term , thus damping dollar demand . 
And Japan 's minister of agriculture , forestry and fisheries told a committee of Japan 's parliament that Washington 's proposal was impractical and that Tokyo would continue to heavily subsidize its rice farmers . 
When Poland moves to reform , it can at least lean on its past : However flawed and short-lived Joseph Pilsudski 's interwar republic , it was a nonsocialist democracy . 
`` Deep Peace '' also featured a slide show of lovely but predictable images of clouds , beaches , deserts , sunsets , etc . 
If USAir stepped up its share purchases , that might be a way for Mr. Steinhardt to get out , says Timothy Pettee , a Merrill Lynch analyst . 
According to chief scriptwriter Rene Villanueva , `` Batibot '' does n't set out to advance the cause of Filipino . 
But as soon as the accords were signed , American officials sharply reduced aid . 
These efforts wind up creating a market where the price vastly exceeds the cost . 
b - reflects extraordinary loss of five cents a share for early debt retirement . 
But Welles 's theater company turned out to have a brief -- one might say a mercurial -- existence . 
Ms. Smith also agreed to a permanent injunction barring her from acting as an officer , director or investment adviser of any mutual fund , unit investment trust or face-amount certificate company . 
Raymond Donovan , the New Jersey construction executive who was forced to resign as labor secretary and indicted in 1985 , only to be acquitted of fraud charges , often calls other scandal-tossed public figures to offer a sympathetic ear . 
Thus , the mere existence of a market-stabilizing agency helps to avoid panic in emergencies . 
( This was never a problem with South Gardens , because the client had long since given in to Ms. Bartlett 's every whim . ) 
Some town-watching excursions were downright comic . 
He said that even though virtually all corn seeds currently planted are hybrids , the genetic approach will obviate the need for mechanical emasculation of anthers , which costs U.S. seed producers about $ 70 million annually . 
Encouraged by the brisk performance , Mitsubishi plans to raise its per-share dividend to 3.50 yen from three yen . 
The total short interest in Nasdaq stocks as of mid-October was 237.1 million shares , up from 223.7 million in September but well below the record level of 279 million shares established in July 1987 . 
Varian Associates Inc. , Palo Alto , Calif. , reported fiscal fourth-quarter profit plunged more than 95 % to $ 1 million , or five cents a share , from $ 24.2 million , or $ 1.10 a share , in the year-earlier quarter . 
For now , traders say the foreign exchange market is scrutinizing both federal funds and events on Wall Street . 
`` Our fear was people would look just at the beta { of a gold fund } and say here is an investment with very low risk , '' says John Markese , director of research for the Chicago-based group . 
Since most mortgages can be prepaid or refinanced at any time , issuers of mortgage securities retain the right to buy back their bonds before maturity . 
Rally 's Inc. said it adopted a shareholders rights plan to protect shareholders from an inadequately priced takeover offer . 
Regular TV series ratings have slumped in the past five years , and premiering new shows is `` a crap shoot , '' Mr. Pilson says . 
Stroking his trademark white goatee during a recent interview , the diminutive Swede quips : `` It turned out to be lucky for us . 
There is a lot of waste . 
Each note is being offered at $ 308.32 per $ 1,000 principal amount at maturity , representing an 8 % yield to maturity . 
The only thing a lot of these lenders can get out of their mouth now is : ` Pay me in 60 days . ' '' 
That wo n't matter if they are held to maturity , but if , for any reason , the parents need to sell them before then , there could be a severe loss of principal . 
Business is n't any better on the provincial or municipal level , foreign traders say . 
On my four-mile drive to farm headquarters each morning , I drive by another four empty houses . 
The prices of cattle , hogs and pork belly futures contracts rebounded as livestock traders shook off fears that the Friday stock market plunge would chill consumer spending , which in turn would hurt retail sales of beef and pork . 
His prominent role put him in the awkward position of challenging the very committee members on whom his state will be most dependent in the months ahead . 
True , the amount of money investors are willing to entrust to their brokers has been growing lately . 
In the third quarter , BSB earned $ 2 million , up from $ 1.8 million a year earlier . 
Typical , perhaps , was the situation at New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. , the General Motors Corp.-Toyota joint-venture auto plant in Fremont , about 35 miles south of Oakland . 
One of GE 's goals when it bought 80 % of Kidder in 1986 was to take advantage of `` syngeries '' between Kidder and General Electric Capital Corp. , GE 's corporate-finance unit , which has $ 42 billion in assets . 
While his company 's hotel is building a retail complex in Beverly Hills style and redoing existing rooms , it has decreased the number of its rooms . 
Revenue rose 3 % to $ 9 million from $ 8.8 million . 
Occupational-Urgent Care Health fell 1 3\/4 to 15 1\/2 on 354,000 shares . 
East Germany pledged to reduce alcohol consumption by boosting production of soft drinks and fruit juices . 
Describing this and other grisly killings , Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) recently urged fellow lawmakers to revive a broad federal death penalty . 
Today , Conner controls an estimated 90 % of the hard-disk drive market for laptop computers . 
A slightly higher percentage of New York Stock Exchange volume has been attributed to retail investors in recent months compared with post-crash 1988 , according to Securities Industry Association data . 
Thursday , October 19 , 1989 
The firms are Morgan Stanley & Co. , Salomon Brothers Inc. , County Natwest Government Securities Inc. , Greenwich Capital Markets Inc. and Goldman , Sachs & Co . 
Xerox fell 3 1\/8 to 59 5\/8 . 
But other analysts said that having Mr. Phillips succeed Mr. Roman would make for a smooth transition . 
Some even study . 
Coopers uses the Coopers & Lybrand name world-wide . 
United paid him a $ 375,000 bonus to lure him away from American Airlines , and he was paid a salary of $ 342,122 last year with a $ 280,000 bonus . 
At best , she realizes , they will rise more slowly -- more slowly , she hopes , than her family 's income . 
And the biggest volume this year has been on securities backed by credit-card receivables , sometimes known as `` plastic bonds . '' 
But the club still insists that public lands ought to be closed to the bikes unless studies indicate the bikes wo n't injure the environment or other users . 
Mr. Alexander , for his part , insisted that the punchers ca n't assign their pummeling rights to anyone else , ca n't use a blunt instrument and ca n't take a running start . 
`` Whoever says he knows which of the six will win is out of his mind , '' says Antonio Britto , a centrist member of Parliament . 
The products already available are cross-connect systems , used instead of mazes of wiring to interconnect other telecommunications equipment . 
People on fixed incomes get a break at Espre ; over 55 wins a 45 % discount at Anaheim Imperial Health Spa . 
`` Now , Philip Morris { Kraft General Foods ' parent company } is committed to the coffee business and to increased advertising for Maxwell House , '' says Dick Mayer , president of the General Foods USA division . 
Democracy is forcing the abortion debate toward healthy compromise , toward the unpolarizing middle . 
Amid heavy buying of shares in Belgium 's largest insurer , Maurice Lippens also warned in an interview that a white knight , in buying out a raider , could leave speculators with big losses on their AG stock . 
Doskocil Cos. said its bank-debt payments have been extended until May 31 , 1990 , to give it more time to sell its Wilson Foods Corp. retail and fresh meat operations . 
Dennis R. Mangino , a general manager of EniChem Americas , was named vice president of research and development , a new post at this steel company . 
However , he said officials conducting the study had n't been looking for signs of problems related to hypoglycemia unawareness . 
The picocassette recorder also helped transform the company 's reputation from follower to leading-edge innovator . 
Hans Stoll , finance professor at Vanderbilt University , says the current volatility in U.S. markets pales in comparison to the 1930s , decades before derivative instruments such as options and futures were introduced . 
Mr. Garber manages to invest this tale of financial wars with the colorful characters and fast-paced action of a suspense novel . 
The Democratic appointee has n't been determined , the official said . 
I do n't feel down or done in because I show British serials on my television network or read their books . 
Mrs. Engelken had scheduled a stop on the New Jersey Turnpike to , she told her husband , pick up some papers for a neighbor . 
One risk : Investors may regret the restriction if the stock reaches 54 and then falls . 
Paribas plans a bid for another big French financial and industrial firm , Navigation Mixte , a sign Europe 's takeover fever has n't cooled . 
`` It 's not beyond credibility the Rubens will someday be worth $ 12 million , but whether it could be sold for that amount tomorrow remains to be seen . '' 
`` Customized '' baskets of fewer stocks will also be available . 
A Series that was shaping up as the dullest since the one-sided Detroit-over-San Diego go of 1984 has become memorable in the least fortunate way . 
He said the company is still looking for `` a strong fourth quarter in all areas -- sales , operating income and net income . '' 
The loan guarantee would amount to about $ 127.5 million , or 85 % of the cost of the aircraft . 
The level of interest in the RTC 's properties has been greater than expected , and has come from larger companies than initially anticipated , says Stan Ross , Leventhal 's co-managing partner . 
So what does George Bush really believe ? 
Officials with Meredith did n't have any immediate comment on the suit . 
The vote to approve was 
These items were partly offset , MCA said , by an unspecified gain on the sale of its Miller International unit , a maker and distributor of budget-priced audio cassettes . 
`` We spend a fortune on research information , '' said Steve Burzon , publisher of Meredith Corp. 's Metropolitan Home . 
Analysts questioned whether Georgia-Pacific will ultimately prevail , saying other paper concerns may make competing bids . 
The companies are followed by at least three analysts , and had a minimum five-cent change in actual earnings per share . 
While some analysts say the dollar eventually could test support at 1.75 marks and 135 yen , Mr. Scalfaro and others do n't see the currency decisively sliding under support at 1.80 marks and 140 yen soon . 
Stock prices rallied as the Georgia-Pacific bid broke the market 's recent gloom . 
Under the second count , the company would plead guilty to conspiring to evade taxes . 
MEASUREX CORP. , Cupertino , maker of computer integrated manufacturing processes , annual sales of $ 265 million , NYSE , had only minor damage but workers spent most of yesterday cleaning up . 
Mr. Koch already has announced he will drop 3,200 jobs from the city payroll , but that wo n't be enough . 
But any lawyer will select the facts and the strategy to employ . 
The stock began trading this summer at $ 14 apiece . 
But his circumstances are among the few that can qualify for the handful of really cheap airline tickets remaining in America . 
`` This year , some investors are changing their policies and investing a lot . '' 
The woman appeared in court Thursday to enter her plea , but when she started to approach the bench , she was stopped by Judge Hancock . 
A rambunctious shake-up is quickly reshaping Europe 's once-stately insurance business . 
Delta Air Lines earnings soared 33 % to a record in the fiscal first quarter , bucking the industry trend toward declining profits . 
Michael shares closed at 13 3\/4 yesterday in national over-the-counter trading . 
Sales dipped 3.6 % to $ 3.92 billion from $ 4.07 billion . 
Bond Corp. has interests in brewing , media and communications , natural resources and property . 
By 1982 the ratio was 43.5 % , meaning that the market was valuing every dollar 's worth of the average firm 's assets at 43 cents . 
In 1991 , the Soviets will take a Japanese journalist into space , the first Japanese to go into orbit . 
Vail , Colo. , now has a playland that looks like an old mining town ; kids can ski through and pan for fool 's gold . 
The inflation-growth argument is an old one , but Mr. Brady , on the board or off , is surely trying to influence Fed policy . 
Steelmakers announced a round of base-price increases last year , but began offering sizable discounts over the summer . 
The electronics , automotive and aerospace concern said third-quarter net was $ 60 million , or 98 cents a share , down from $ 68 million , or $ 1.11 a share , a year earlier . 
Mexican officials maintain the Japanese reserve is only a result of unfamiliarity . 
The scandal has faded and flared , but recent disclosures propelled it back onto the front pages , and that has helped galvanize the opposition , which last week blocked passage of two constitutional amendment bills . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. said it lowered the ratings on about $ 3.2 billion of Houston Lighting & Power Co. 's securities because of the company 's low levels of interest coverage and internal cash generation . 
But the statistics released yesterday show the firms did nothing of the sort . 
Mr. Redmond said the intruder had n't yet done any harm but the agency feared `` garbage data could be substituted for real data . '' 
William Bennett , the White House drug-policy director , accused local officials in the Washington area of blocking construction of prison facilities to house convicted drug dealers . 
In addition , the report recommends that federal and state governments provide free treatment to all who test positive . 
Linking up Showtime with the largest cable operator in the U.S. could sharply boost its subscribers . 
Mr. Craven joined Morgan Grenfell as group chief executive in May 1987 , a few months after the resignations of former Chief Executive Christopher Reeves and other top officials because of the merchant bank 's role in Guinness PLC 's controversial takeover of Distiller 's Co. in 1986 . 
The Hibor contract `` solves quite a bit of the problem of interest-rate risk in the interbank market , '' says Eric Cheng , a director of James Capel ( Far East ) Ltd. , the Hong Kong arm of the British brokerage firm . 
But if it survives , it could prompt other statutory changes , according to the Mr. Burr . 
The article is , unfortunately , replete with outrageous distortions . 
The point of this 1955 novel , which spawned two movies , is that the soulless pod people replicated by alien plants are virtually indistinguishable from human folks . 
There are many reasons for the market 's jumpiness : new trading vehicles such as stock-index futures and options ; computer-driven strategies like program trading ; and crowd psychology . 
Silver Spring , Md . 
Officials at Mellon Capital were unavailable for comment . 
West Texas Intermediate was bid up more than 20 cents a barrel in many overseas markets . 
Vernon E. Jordan was elected to the board of this transportation services concern . 
A Canadian government agency conditionally approved proposed exports to the U.S. of natural gas from big , untapped fields in the Mackenzie River delta area of the western Canadian Arctic . 
Specific terms are subject to review and a final agreement with debt holders , the company said . 
The thrift said earnings also were nicked in the quarter by a $ 4 million provision for losses associated with its previously reported plan to liquidate a real-estate franchise network . 
AN OIL COMPANY finds a sideline in the microscopic world of yeast . 
Michigan 's Senate passed a bill requiring girls to get parental consent for an abortion and Pennsylvania 's House cleared a measure banning abortions after the 24th week of pregnancy . 
In the early stage of checking people with incomes exceeding $ 500,000 who were filing nonresident returns , it squeezed $ 7.5 million out of a man who was posing as a Florida resident . 
Outplacement consultant Right Associates says the average pay of its clients fell to $ 66,743 last year from $ 70,765 in 1987 ; severance pay dropped to 25 weeks from 29 . 
While the joint venture affects only a small part of Bethlehem 's operations , it is significant because it marks the first time the nation 's No. 2 steelmaker has joined forces with a foreign partner . 
Your hypothetical investor is simply being compensated for taking on this added risk . 
Rubbermaid Inc. , reflecting strong earnings growth , boosted its quarterly dividend 18 % , to 13 cents a share from 11 cents . 
Deutsche Bank AG , which last year arranged a three billion mark credit for the Soviet Union , is now moving to become the first West German bank to set up independent business offices in Hungary and Poland as they shift to free-market economies . 
Senate Democrats who favor cutting the capital-gains tax are n't ready to line up behind the leading Senate proposal . 
`` The focus for some time has been on the copper supply , and good demand has been taken for granted , '' he said . 
That 's the troubling conclusion reached by many international investors and money managers angry at the malfunctions on Continental stock exchanges during last week 's global market turbulence . 
What is the consequence of a high-interest burden , high default rates and continued low profitability ? 
At the same time , the expectations of the East German people are great and will continue to grow . 
On China 's turmoil : `` It is a very unhappy scene , '' he said . 
I 'd slept through my only previous brush with natural disaster , a tornado 15 or so summers ago near Traverse City , Mich. , so I was unprepared for one reaction to such things : the urge to talk about them . 
According to one analyst , prices opened higher because of reports over the weekend that Brazil and Colombia , at the Pan-American summit meeting in Costa Rica , had agreed to a reduction in their coffee export quotas for the sake of creating a new agreement . 
At that level , and given the uncertainty , he believes UAL stock should trade closer to 
Others , just released from the majors , hope the senior league will be their bridge back into the big-time . 
And Robert D. Arnott , president of asset allocator First Quadrant , notes that before Friday 's tailspin , daily volatility on the New York Stock Exchange in recent weeks had reached `` historically low levels . '' 
GOP Sen. Specter of Pennsylvania said he would vote to acquit federal Judge Alcee Hastings in his impeachment trial on charges of perjury and bribery conspiracy . 
Use of dispersants was approved when a test on the third day showed some positive results , officials said . 
Victor Wiener , the executive director of the Appraisers Association of America , agrees that Mr. Paul paid very dearly for the Rubens and adds that getting rid of it any time soon for a similar sum would be quite a feat . 
In the meantime , the landowners continue receiving generous subsidies that began during New Deal days . 
`` It also means if you have a real drop-off in orders , production will likely fall off very quickly because there is less to keep things going . '' 
He painted one himself in the style of John Haberle and sold it as a 19th-century original to antique dealers in Woodbridge , Conn . 
No sophisticated professional expects economists to be right all the time . 
Analysts have complained that third-quarter corporate earnings have n't been very good , but the effect hit home particularly hard yesterday . 
That 's a big number . 
`` Clients want to see more of our senior people involved in the business -- not once a month , but two or three times a week , '' he said . 
Wall Street generally likes the industry again . 
Edward M. Esber , chairman , president and chief executive officer , attributed the decline to reduced domestic revenue because of $ 4.9 million spent to upgrade existing software inventories to the new database IV Version 1.1 , and $ 1.8 million spent on the recent reduction in work force . 
Markets usually get noticed because they soar or plunge . 
A year earlier , fair-market value per share was $ 26.02 and book value was $ 9.43 a share . 
At times I sequester my mind When I must think with precision , Detached from all other thoughts While trying to reach a decision . 
Quotron Systems Inc. plans to cut about 400 , or 16 % , of its 2,500 employees over the next several months . 
Mr. Lang says he is n't scouting new acquisitions , at least for now . 
Volume on the New York Stock Exchange totaled 175.2 million shares . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Recently Saudi Arabia and Venezuela , traditional heavy-crude producers , have boasted of new finds of light , low-sulfur oil by their national oil companies . 
`` It has been in what I would describe as a lull for the past several months . '' 
The company has said it is prepared to make a bid for all of the shares outstanding of Jaguar if British government restrictions to such a transaction are removed . 
At that time Sam Whitbread , the company 's chairman and a descendant of its 18th-century founder , will retire from executive duties . 
He wants stocks whose price\/earnings ratio is less than their growth rate ; as he figures it , H&R Block does n't even come close . 
Intel clocks the chip 's speed at 15 million instructions per second , or MIPs . 
Mr. Holt is a columnist for the Literary Review in London . 
In the fiscal nine months ended June 30 , reports Raymond P. Keenan , assistant commissioner for collection , they examined about 13,000 employers , assessed more than $ 67 million in delinquent employment taxes , and reclassified about 56,000 workers as employees instead of self-employed contractors . 
Indexing for the most part has involved simply buying and then holding stocks in the correct mix to mirror a stock market barometer , such as Standard & Poor 's 500-stock index , and match its performance . 
The jurors , who did n't know which side had retained them , decided for Energy Transportation , and awarded $ 500 million in damages . 
However , the problem is that once most poison pills are adopted , they survive forever . 
The production had actors playing Mr. Anderson and former hostages David Jacobsen , the Rev. Benjamin Weir and Father Lawrence Jenco . 
Would Mr. Laband also suggest that the Red Cross , Salvation Army , military units , police , fire departments , rescue units and individual citizens cease their efforts to assist Hugo 's victims because they interfere with his concept of the `` free market '' ? 
Robert Q. Marston , president emeritus , University of Florida , and a director of this maker of medical devices , was named chairman . 
Economists expect consumer food prices to jump 5.5 % this year to the highest level since 1980 and up from last year 's 4.1 % rise . 
Their only doubt concerned the possibility that Mr. Gorbachev might not survive the opposition that his reforms would arouse and that the whole process might be reversed . 
Charlie Brown is selling out . 
The Financial Services division has guaranteed the Dorrance family that it will receive a minimum of $ 100 million for the collection , regardless of what the bids for the art works total , people close to the transaction say . 
Really -- one has to ask oneself -- what dignity is there in that ? '' 
Despite yesterday 's modest bond market gains , economists say investors are anxious about the Treasury 's huge quarterly refunding of government debt , the timing of which depends on Congressional efforts to raise the debt ceiling . 
-- Bern Sharfman . 
When Maj. Moises Giroldi , the leader of the abortive coup in Panama , was buried , his body bore several gunshot wounds , a cracked skull and broken legs and ribs . 
The massages last 15 minutes and typically cost about $ 10 . 
Yet if gold prices improve , silver prices could rally sharply , he says . 
The probe of Southern Co. has attracted considerable attention this year because of several events that have befallen the company , including the death of a Gulf Power executive in a plane crash and the disappearance of a company vendor who was to be a key grand jury witness . 
Rep. Bates said he would write the letters as ordered . 
And not just for the players . 
Michael F. Klatman , director of corporate public relations at Data General Corp. , was named to the new position of vice president , corporate communications , of this maker of data storage equipment . 
The agency is working on licensing importers but does n't currently monitor imports . 
The $ 13 billion the Fed injected into the money markets after the 1987 crash is more than enough to buy all the stocks traded on a typical day . 
Among the Guinness disk 's wonders : the world 's loudest recorded belch . 
While the U.S. share of the increase probably will not reach the $ 12 billion or more implicit in the IMF 's request for a doubling of its $ 90 billion capital , the administration probably will agree to a multibillion-dollar increase . 
An improvisational section was built around pieces by Mr. Douglas , beginning with `` Golden Rain , '' a lilting , laid-back lead in to the uptempo `` Sky , '' which gave Mr. Stoltzman the opportunity to wail in a high register and show off his fleet fingers . 
The dissident pilots oppose the plan because it would cause them to lose their seniority . 
While the Cowboys may not be the best investment now , I do n't accept they ca n't be in the future . '' 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Mr. Dinkins also has said he would receive economic advice from a board that would include American Express Co. chairman James D. Robinson III , investment banker Felix Rohatyn , leveraged-buy-out specialist Reginald Lewis and attorney Joseph Flom . 
`` Warehouse productivity is really beginning to take off . '' 
Roughly a third of the charities reviewed flunk the test . 
Books and tapes all over my room . 
The firm said that losers outnumbered gainers by more than three to one among the 122 funds it tracks . 
A song by American singer Tracy Chapman praising jailed black leader Nelson Mandela was banned from South African state radio and television . 
Earnings of female workers were unchanged . 
When Mr. Lang asked Mr. Lorin whether he had taken steps to have Mr. Laff killed , the witness again said no . 
It was widely predicted that free agency would allow the glamorous , `` big market '' teams to monopolize the best talent , but quite the opposite has occurred : Twelve different clubs have won titles in the 14 seasons since its advent . 
Each $ 5,000 bond carries one warrant , exercisable from Nov. 21 , 1989 , through Oct. 19 , 1993 , to buy shares at an expected premium of 2 1\/2 % to the closing share price when terms are fixed Oct. 31 . 
In 1980 , the study says , prosecutors surveyed filed charges against 25 defendants for each 100,000 people aged 18 years and older . 
The program matches funds raised from the sale of the commercial paper with small to medium-sized leases . 
Healthcare , which has been in a severe liquidity bind , said it is able to make the payments because it completed a transaction with Greenery Rehabilitation Group Inc. in which Greenery purchased stock and warrants for $ 500,000 and loaned Healthcare $ 9 million . 
Mr. Hollander `` is the new owner and wants to exercise control , '' said Barret B. Weekes , Newport 's chairman . 
Since its inception , Conner has both benefited from and helped make possible the rapid spread of portable computers by selling storage devices that consume five to 10 times less electricity than drives used in desktop machines . 
On the Frankfurt Stock Exchange , share prices closed higher in fairly thin trading , as selective buying by foreigners helped propel prices . 
It raises the long-cherished hopes of many Germans for reunification -- a prospect that almost equally alarms political leaders in Moscow , Washington and Western Europe . 
Initially , the company said it will close its commercial real-estate lending division , and stop originating new leases at its commercial lease subsidiary . 
Secured creditors would recover both principal and interest , while unsecured creditors would receive only principal and interest accrued before PS of New Hampshire filed for Bankruptcy Code protection in January 
Polaroid claims it could have manufactured and sold all the instant cameras and film sold by Kodak if Kodak had n't entered the market . 
Lloyd 's 66 % stake in that market has shrunk to 50 % in that period , according to an official at the Institute of London Underwriters , a Lloyd 's competitor . 
Willamette Industries , whose stock has suffered steep losses in recent sessions , surged 1 1\/2 to 49 . 
Payola is the practice of making illegal , undisclosed payments to radio station personnel in return for getting the stations to play certain songs over the air . 
The Conner team wo n't be able to negotiate with corporate sponsors until the suit is resolved and the race site is determined , Mr. Smith said , and the syndicate 's budget could easily reach $ 30 million . 
Obviously , it 's harder to establish a sense of place in a one-shot TV movie . 
The Second Section index , which fell 36.87 points Friday , was down 21.44 points , or 0.59 % , to close at 3636.06 . 
Seymour Schreibman , the 65-year-old owner of Schreibman Raphael Furs Inc. , treats the reverse side of a Persian lambskin to produce a reversible fur-and-leather garment . 
The only difference is , in those cities the poor are housed in high-rise-project apartments each consisting of one room , with rusty pipes called plumbing , rodents and cockroaches everywhere and nonworking elevators -- and with the building patrolled by gangs and drug dealers . 
About 1,100 Chinese were awaiting repatriation yesterday . 
EPO , or erythropoietin , is a protein the human body makes to stimulate the growth of red blood cells . 
But some attorneys who are familiar with the matter said the $ 6.5 million payment will be shared by Bally and Mr. Trump , with the casino and hotel concern probably paying the bulk of the money . 
At 12:01 a.m. EST today , the federal government 's temporary $ 2.87 trillion debt limit expired . 
Year-earlier net of $ 21 million , or 84 cents a share , included the results of Loral 's former Aircraft Braking Systems and Engineered Fabrics divisions , which were sold April 27 to the company 's chairman , Bernard L. Schwartz . 
Membership has since swelled to between 20 and 25 . 
After placing orders to sell , Mr. Freeman called Martin Siegel , an investment banker at Kidder , Peabody & Co. , who was advising on the deal , to confirm these rumors . 
Italian papers speculated the briefcase contained papers either exonerating the Vatican bank from blame in the scandal , or showing that the bank , known as the Istituto per le Opere di Religione , channeled funds to East bloc groups such as Solidarity in Poland . 
By an 11-2 margin , Senate negotiators voted to preserve the 235 mortgage refinancing plan , and despite powerful allies , the opposition found itself undercut by an unusual alliance of liberals and conservatives . 
For instance , wages of private-sector hospital workers leaped 6.6 % in the 12 months ended in September , compared with 4.4 % for workers in all industries . 
To be sure , the full Senate , facing a fast-approaching budget deadline , last Friday stripped away all of the tax breaks that were contained in the Finance Committee bill . 
In an excursus of little relevance to his central point about private enforcement suits by environmental groups , Michael S. Greve informs your readers , `` ... the Clean Water Act is written upon the presumption -- the pretense , rather -- that nothing but zero risk will do ; it establishes a legal standard of zero discharge '' ( `` Congress's Environmental Buccaneers , '' Sept. 18 ) . 
Disgusted , I cast around for a different way to plan my asset distribution , and with hardly any heavy breathing the answer struck me : I was doing it already ! 
The closing contributed to a $ 3.4 million loss in the fiscal first quarter ended July 31 -- its first quarterly loss since 1974 . 
John Harland , which will replace American Medical International on the S&P 500 following Wednesday 's close , gained 5\/8 to 24 1\/8 . 
He showed up with a carpenter 's level , carefully measured every surface and showed how the apparent shrinkage was caused by the perspective . 
The court 's decision would allow FERC to change some of its provisions , but ensures it will be reviewed again quickly by the court . 
And avoiding such losses will take a monumental effort . 
Estimated volume was a light 1.7 million ounces . 
Healthcare International Inc. said it reached a 120-day standstill agreement with its HealthVest affiliate calling for Healthcare to pay HealthVest $ 5 million right away and additional amounts in the future . 
Price controls were `` so fervently embraced by Charleston '' because price gouging in this situation is equivalent to looting . 
And , surprisingly , little more than a whimper of protest is being heard , even though Reaganauts once breathed fire supporting the Contras and the Strategic Defense Initiative . 
Similarly , the House agreed to add back $ 62 million to continue work on the advanced communications technology satellite , being developed by General Electric Co . 
The failure to obtain financing does n't by itself constitute a breach . 
Sales rose 2.9 % to $ 329.2 million from $ 320 million . 
George L. LaMore , president and chief executive officer , will become chairman and chief executive upon Mr. Cunin 's retirement . 
At the end of the exercise , the cash injection from Petronas will increase the bank 's paid-up capital to M$ 1.15 billion after virtually being wiped out by the new provisions . 
Jaguar officials in the U.S. noted that Ford , as Jaguar 's largest shareholder , now has the power to call for such a meeting . 
Goodson also announced that it hired the former president and senior vice president of Ingersoll to run the Goodson papers . 
But the strong pitch by Mr. Cheney may be too little too late to prevent damage to SDI . 
In return , he has the government 's blessing to build churches and spread Unificationism in that country . 
`` It is important to the cable industry that we have a vibrant and competitive pay-television marketplace , '' Mr. Malone said in a statement . 
Show it 's business as usual . '' 
Even if the gross national product is either flat or in the growth range of 2 % to 2.5 % , `` we can handle that , '' Mr. Marous said . 
Perhaps most important , Carl Icahn , who had once threatened a hostile takeover bid , was subdued . 
But after about eight months , the vice president of the division , Ed Soule , learned about the sessions and brought them to a halt . 
The New York court also upheld a state law , passed in 1986 , extending for one year the statute of limitations on filing DES lawsuits . 
As if he were Iron Mike , about to enter the ring with a 98-pound weakling , he declared : `` I 'll be able to beat any computer for the next five years . '' 
Even now , the American attack upon this tremendous problem is timid in relation to the magnitude of the threat . 
He was a `` socialist warrior '' who felt rankled by West Germany 's enormous postwar prosperity and the Bonn government 's steadfast refusal to recognize the legitimacy of his state . 
The program 's nonprofit sponsors received $ 900,000 in fiscal 1989 through an Extension Service grant , but Mr. Whitten has been adamant in insisting that the program be cut in 1990 . 
Individuals familiar with the negotiations said the partial settlement being negotiated would remove the Boesky partnership , the British fund and Mr. Boesky as defendants , while Drexel and other defendants would remain . 
In the first nine months of this year output was 5,377,000 metric tons , down from 5,441,000 metric tons a year earlier . 
But the researchers found that while children 's household tasks eased the mother 's burden appreciably , the husband 's helping hand `` appears to lighten the children 's load almost on a one-for-one basis and to reduce the wife 's responsibility only modestly . '' 
`` It 's either going to be a shootout , or there only may be one player in town , '' one person said . 
The figures exclude businesses now organized as American Express Information Services Co . 
Sales rose 7.7 % to $ 6.66 billion from $ 6.19 billion . 
`` What I hope to bring to this is another word : process . 
HUD has no paper work whatsoever on 30 of the projects , none of the others has been approved and not a single congressional hearing has been held on any of them . 
Many investment managers say futures are useful as a way to hedge portfolios . 
His efforts to get back the stolen strips had resulted in recovery of just three . 
Frankfurt prices closed sharply lower in thin dealings , hurt by the roller-coaster session on Wall Street Tuesday and worries about wage demands by the largest West German trade union . 
But they do show the range of a restless intellect whose 30-odd novels span five decades and include work of social realism , protest and allegory . 
Source : Morgan Stanley Capital Intl . 
The death of CIA Director William Casey and resignation of Oliver North allowed anti-Noriega political forces to gain influence . 
Applying prowess gained during earlier stints at appliance maker AB Electrolux , Mr. Andersson and a handful of loyal lieutenants aggressively stripped away dead wood -- and got quick results . 
To ensure the loyalty of the business sector , Mr. Gorbachev may offer concessions and powers that will allow the business community to preserve its own interests , probably by restricting competition . 
NRM said its $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred units will be converted into an equal number of shares of $ 2.60 senior cumulative convertible preferred stock of Edisto . 
-- Graduate-student football player . 
Japanese retail executives say the main reason they are reluctant to jump into the fray in the U.S. is that -- unlike manufacturing -- retailing is extremely sensitive to local cultures and life styles . 
Merkur was originally aimed at enticing into Lincoln-Mercury dealerships the kind of young , affluent buyers who would n't be caught dead in a Town Car -- a vehicle so bargelike that Ford is staging a press event next month linking the Town Car 's launch to the commissioning of a new aircraft carrier in Norfolk , Va . 
The two said they must still do more laboratory tests , then experiment on animals . 
National Geographic , the sixth-largest U.S. magazine , is attracting more readers than ever and offers the glossy , high-toned pages that upscale advertisers love . 
The law sets a deficit target of $ 100 billion for fiscal 1990 . 
Fosset so far is the only member of a financial exchange to be forced to be taken over by another firm as a result of Friday 's rout . 
Both companies are conservative marketers that rely on extensive market research . 
The argument turns on the discovery in 1909 of an amazing fossil quarry high in the Canadian Rockies called the Burgess Shale . 
When the computers say `` sell , '' the composite tumbles as well as the Dow Jones Industrial Average . 
But Mr. Runkel contends there has been no exodus of strike-force lawyers . 
Justin 's attorney , Charles E. Baxley , said Justin would ask an appeals court to set aside the order temporarily , pending an expedited appeal . 
Repeal is considered likely now , but the Treasury Department bill has been used as a vehicle to raise the profile of the issue and block any action in the interim . 
With funds of 5.56 billion Hong Kong dollars ( US$ 712 million ) , the new company , Yaohan International Co. , plans to acquire 10 of Hong Kong 's top restaurants . 
Holders of NRM 's $ 2 cumulative convertible acquisition preferred units will receive one new common share in Edisto for every 1.342 units they own . 
The Sago has become a popular accent in tony new housing tracts , apparently giving the rustlers a ready market for their filched fronds . 
And jewelry makers are beginning to use many of the same marketing tricks honed in the aggressive world of cosmetics . 
Later , he recalls the words of his Marxist mentor : `` The people ! Theft ! The holy fire ! '' 
In times past , life-insurance salesmen targeted heads of household , meaning men , but ours is a two-income family and accustomed to it . 
With that possibility in mind , analysts said the transaction was a positive move for First City . 
Since 1985 , Japanese investors have bought nearly 80 % of $ 10 billion in Fannie Mae corporate debt issued to foreigners , money that Fannie Mae uses to buy mortgages from U.S. banks . 
James E. Bacon , 58 , executive vice president , who has directed the funds-service group , will retire . 
`` Just because a particular element of the firm is down , '' such as stockbrokerage , `` does n't mean the executive committee should be paid less , '' he said . 
National Convenience Stores Inc. , trying to shake the doldrums in the convenience-store business , said it will rearrange the merchandise in all of its stores in the next 18 months to cater better to the neighborhoods around its stores . 
Amoco , an energy concern , is the operator of the project with a 43.75 % working interest , and other partners include Hydro Congo , the Congolese state oil company , with a 50 % interest , and Kuwait Foreign Petroleum Exploration Co. with a 6.25 % stake . 
Despite long private sessions in both New York and Dallas , the two sides ended the week `` 6,000 miles and many dollars apart , '' according to attorney Hugh Ray , who represents Manufacturers Hanover . 
It has not , however , made a formal proposal . 
`` Everything , '' one non-`` Moonie '' senior consultant to the Unification Church recently told me in an interview , `` is going back to Korea and Japan . '' 
Aeroflot carried about 125 million passengers last year , and Shannon Airport , the airline 's largest transit airport outside the Soviet Union , saw 1,400 Aeroflot flights and 250,000 passengers pass through . 
In the latest nine months , Ford earned $ 3.52 billion , or $ 7.51 a share , compared with $ 4.14 billion , or $ 8.53 a share . 
`` There is some feeling here that the cuts are the way to go . 
Consequently , small business is taking more `` pro-active '' steps to counter mandated leaves . 
Reviewing the company 's scrape with disaster , Mr. Price conceded it had tried to do too much on its own . 
In the U.S. , the search for oil had been headed toward environmentally sensitive areas believed to have vast reserves . 
With obvious satisfaction , she says she told him : `` No darling , I just give it a Chanel look . '' 
He predicted the debt will be reduced by another A$ 3.8 billion this fiscal year ending June 30 , 1990 , but did n't explain how this will be achieved . 
Ogden Projects Inc. said net income jumped to $ 6.6 million , or 18 cents a share , in the third quarter . 
The figures are seasonally adjusted . 
Mr. Byrum and Ms. Smith could n't be reached for comment . 
`` If I go in there as I normally dress , they 'd ask , ` Who is this hippie ? ' '' 
`` It 's hard to accept all the suffering people are going through , but you have to . 
For Mr. Tait , who says he used to earn as much as $ 150,000 a year at Wang , it was one more reason to quit . 
Federal investigators have determined a metallurgical flaw that developed during the making of an engine disk led to the July crash of a United Airlines jetliner in Sioux City , Iowa , killing 112 people . 
Brands made by the Kraft General Foods unit of Philip Morris Cos. had about 95 % of the market share . 
Some 71 % had bought some stock in the past year ; only 57 % had sold any . 
The market for reruns sold to local U.S. broadcasters has been weak for the past three or four seasons . 
U.K. sales for last year 's quarter were about $ 3 million . 
Foothills ' main rival to build a Mackenzie Delta pipeline is likely to be TransCanada PipeLines . 
The indictment charged that Pymm operated a machine to crush broken thermometers and recover the mercury in an illegal workroom . 
In `` Mastergate , '' Mr. Gelbart has provided us not just one but two commodities that have all but disappeared from the Broadway theater : sharp political satire and an even sharper appreciation of the value of language . 
Mr. Keating arranged nearly $ 1 million in donations to Sen. Cranston and his various political causes , and hundreds of thousands more to other lawmakers . 
Index arbitragers argue that their trading is healthy because it links markets , but critics say such trading accelerates market movements and increases the chance for a crash . 
Prime Computer plans to dismiss 20 % of its work force to cut costs following its recent leveraged buy-out . 
The following were among yesterday 's offerings and pricings in the U.S. and non-U.S. capital markets , with terms and syndicate manager , as compiled by Dow Jones Capital Markets Report : 
Nearby Paul Craig Roberts , a distinguished supply-sider with monetarist sympathies , argues the case for Sir Alan . 
For many companies , of course , there is still a slew of nagging problems to grapple with , some of which have the potential to become quite serious . 
The pilots ' insistence on majority ownership also may make the idea of a recapitalization difficult to achieve . 
In areas where the freeway made giant concrete sandwiches of itself lie cars that police say have been flattened into foot-thick slabs . 
For the year , sales were up 5.6 % to $ 6.97 billion compared with $ 6.61 billion in fiscal 1988 . 
New apple trees grow slowly , and the Red Delicious is almost as entrenched as mom . 
`` I think it was something that we and they thought was constructive , '' said Stephen D. Weinroth , chairman and co-chief executive officer of Integrated . 
An increase in production at some major oil fields in the North Sea , which had been knocked out by an explosion in July 1988 , also aided results . 
The crowning moment in the career of Joseph F. O'Kicki came as 300 local and state dignitaries packed into his elegant , marble-columned courtroom here last year for his swearing in as President Judge of Cambria County . 
He is 37 , an astronomer with impressive credentials , and something of a genius at making computers do his bidding . 
The Treasury plans to raise $ 1.8 billion in new cash with the sale Monday of about $ 15.6 billion in short-term bills to redeem $ 13.81 billion in maturing bills . 
Fear of alienating that judge is pervasive , says Maurice Geiger , founder and director of the Rural Justice Center in Montpelier , Vt. , a public interest group that researches rural justice issues . 
He divorced his first wife three years ago and married the daughter of his court clerk . 
Officials for Temple declined to comment . 
Thus , any machine that breaks large amounts of eggs at once has the potential to spread salmonella if a bad egg gets in with the good ones . 
Developer Steve Caspi says the same brand name indicates consistent quality , `` regardless of location , design or amenities . '' 
In the past 10 years about 50 journalists have been silenced forever , murdered . 
Ski promotions have traditionally avoided the touchy issue of safety . 
But Mr. Luzon has moved swiftly to streamline bureaucracy , cut costs , increase capital and build up new areas of business . 
Ogden Projects , whose shares began trading on the New York Stock Exchange in August , closed yesterday at $ 26.875 , down 75 cents . 
Brown-Forman , a Louisville , Ky. distiller , also declined to comment . 
That target has been revised to 30 % by the year 2000 . 
My wife and I will stay through the skiing season , or until the money runs out -- whichever comes first . 
`` There 's too much capacity , '' contended Charles Bradford , an analyst with Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
Titled `` Comments From Students , '' it focuses on the real shame of college sports : what happens to young athletes once they enter academe . 
Two rival bidders for Connaught BioSciences extended their offers to acquire the Toronto-based vaccine manufacturer Friday . 
Still , Steve Cohen , an analyst at SoundView Financial Group Inc. , said , `` I do n't see that this will be sufficient to give IBM a significant kick in the fourth quarter . '' 
A UPS spokesman said that although none of the company 's terminals , trucks or airplanes were damaged in the quake , road shutdowns and power failures have impeded its pickup and delivery of packages . 
Aided by a sharp gain in its travel business , American Express said net rose to $ 331.8 million , or 77 cents a share , from $ 273.9 million , or 64 cents a share . 
That would be a huge problem if it were to continue , because Unisys is betting its business on the assumption that customers want to move away from using operating systems that run on only one manufacturer 's equipment and toward systems -- mainly Unix -- that work on almost anyone 's machines . 
Stung by higher marketing costs and slowing volume growth , the giant Coke bottling operation said net fell to $ 12.7 million , or six cents a share , from $ 39.9 million , or 26 cents a share , the year earlier . 
Until his resignation , Mr. Lawson had been conducting British monetary policy as if the pound were tied to the mark . 
Mr. Skase 's statement was addressed to the stock exchange and appeared to be a response to the inquiry . 
The securities firm posted third-quarter net of $ 66 million , or 64 cents a share , compared with a restated year-earlier loss of $ 3 million , or 11 cents a share . 
Most bills are drafted by bureaucrats , not politicians . 
Here 's a look at some of the alternatives : 
Businessland Inc. said it purchased a major regional computer retailer , Data Systems Computer Centre Inc. , Springfield , New Jersey . 
VISUALIZING BLOOD vessels without poking catheters into the body may come out of research at AT&T Bell Laboratories . 
In a statement , Jaguar 's board said they `` were not consulted about the ( Ridley decision ) in advance and were surprised at the action taken . '' 
Most are from independent producers instead of regulated utilities , and Westinghouse believes it will ride a wave of demand stretching over the next six years . 
The U.S. , therefore , has a historic opportunity both to strike a blow for human rights in Somalia and to undo the superpower flip-flop of the late 1970s on the Horn of Africa . 
During the term , the lender can either receive a percentage of cash flow , a percentage of the building 's appreciation or a fixed return . 
Warned he was to be jailed again , he fled to the countryside . 
Bonds : Excludes bond funds . 
In the year 's first six months , Kurzweil had a loss of $ 6.9 million on sales of $ 11.2 million . 
Builders get away with using sand and financiers junk when society decides it 's okay , necessary even , to look the other way . 
FEDERAL HOME LOAN MORTGAGE CORP. ( Freddie Mac ) : Posted yields on 30-year mortgage commitments for delivery within 30 days . 
It 's sort of loyalty by default . 
The company said Carol Cable , based in Pawtucket , R.I. , is a leading supplier of electrical and electronic wire and cable for the distributor , retail and original equipment manufacturer markets . 
The shift wo n't affect operations . 
`` The affluent people and the corporations can buy it , the poor radicals { in political cases } get it free , and everybody in between is at a disadvantage , and that 's not the kind of system we want , '' says Amitai Etzioni , a prominent sociologist who teaches at George Washington University . 
Pravda , meanwhile , has retained only 57 % of its 1986 readership . 
At least 40 companies are coming to the capital market to raise $ 6 billion , an amount never thought possible in India . 
Should we focus on the region 's infant-mortality rate when the vocal right-wingers and the school boards , mayors and legislators prohibit schools from teaching the two ways ( abstinence or contraceptives ) of decreasing teen pregnancy ? 
His guest appearance on the NBC soap opera `` Another World , '' scandalized musical elitists . 
The ploy worked . 
If the economy turns down , such proposals could gain strong momentum . 
It is insulting and demeaning to say that scientists `` needed new crises to generate new grants and contracts '' and that environmental groups need them to stay in business . 
Even the Soviet Union has Peter the Great to rediscover , should it choose to . 
Despite the tragic loss of more than 270 lives , and damage estimated in the billions , most businesses and their plants and offices in the Bay area were n't greatly affected . 
Pencil pushers chew and put the plastic models behind their ears just like traditional pencils made of glued strips of California incense cedar filled with ceramic lead . 
The Task Broker `` turns that network into -- as far as the user is concerned -- one giant computer , '' said Bill Kay , general manager of Hewlett-Packard 's workstation group . 
FOREIGN PRIME RATES : Canada 13.50 % ; Germany 8.50 % ; Japan 4.875 % ; Switzerland 8.50 % ; Britain 15 % . 
`` The contract is definitely important to the exchange , '' says Robert Gilmore , executive director of the Securities and Futures Commission . 
Ready to jump ? 
Judge Keenan also directed the prosecutors to show that Mrs. Marcos 's Fifth Amendment right against self-incrimination wo n't be violated . 
For the previous financial year , the bank would have reported a pretax profit of M$ 168 million if it had n't made provisions for the nonperforming loans , he said . 
The panel rejected a proposal pushed by AMR Corp. , the parent of American Airlines , to allow the Transportation secretary to block corporate raiders from waging proxy fights to oust boards that oppose a leveraged buy-out . 
After the split , the company will have more than 4.7 million shares outstanding . 
Pennsylvania State Employees Retirement System , for example , has about $ 130 million invested in a fund of 244 companies that are either Pennsylvania-based or have 25 % of their work forces in the state . 
The project , known as Lotus Mansion , has been mired in controversy . 
Average maturity was as short as 29 days at the start of this year , when short-term interest rates were moving steadily upward . 
Stock prices slipped lower in moderate trading . 
The $ 2.25 billion value claimed by Northeast , based in Hartford , Conn. , is the highest yet given to a bid . 
Per-share earnings also shrank because of dividends on a new series of preferred stock . 
A Frankfurt exchange official , acknowledging the brokers ' anxieties , says the market still feels it `` functioned OK during this crash . '' 
Needless to say , it was an interesting first session ! 
\* For in-state students 
The aim , says Mr. de Galle , is to win market share from imported cigarettes , and to persuade smokers who are switching to blonde cigarettes to keep buying French . 
The company 's chairman , Mr. Laidig , and a group of advisers met at the offices of Wachtel Lipton Rosen & Katz , a law firm specializing in takeover defense . 
The $ 14 billion of reserves China had in June would cover just that much . 
Some analysts are concerned , however , that Banco Exterior may have waited too long to diversify from its traditional export-related activities . 
He also improved the firm 's compliance procedures for trading . 
University professors and consultants with scientific credentials saw a huge market for their services evaporate when price decontrol destroyed the energy crisis and thus the demand for `` alternative energy . '' 
RJR Holdings Capital Corp. 's 14.7 % convertible pay-in-kind securities maturing in 2009 closed 1\/2 higher at 86 1\/2 after trading as low as 85 1\/4 . 
`` They 're dead wrong . '' 
But he said this does n't mean he is satisfied with the market 's big swings . 
Some accounts came in for some blocks in the secondary { market } , which we have n't seen for a while , '' said one trader . 
The two sides do n't even agree about how much money is at issue . 
The latter comes from the perception , on the part of many people in network TV , that their only hope of keeping viewers from defecting to cable is to fill the airwaves with an increasingly raw sensationalism . 
There , Mr. Shevardnadze felt legitimized to unveil his own peace plan : The U.S.S.R. would prolong a suspension of arms shipments to Nicaragua after the February election if the U.S. did likewise with its allies in Central America . 
Many resorts also are focusing more on the service side of their business . 
A&P fell 1 1\/4 to 57 5\/8 , and J. Baker gained 3\/8 to 21 1\/4 . 
The one-year LIBOR rate yesterday was 8 7\/16 % . 
Daniel J. Terra , a director of First Illinois Corp. , said that in August he reduced his stake in First Illinois to 26.48 % of the common shares outstanding . 
Confusion about the two banks ' hurried efforts to round up financing for a new bid that the UAL board has n't even seen yet helped send UAL stock spiraling downward . 
The sale price of McCall 's -- twice what Mr. Lang originally paid for it -- will finance Lang Communications ' buy-back of Time Warner 's 50 % interest in Working Woman and Working Mother . 
JAPAN 'S MISUSE of U.S. patents has been a sore point for American chip makers . 
Mr. Jones is currently trying to jack up the price for those local rights . 
Paul Padget 
The certificates have an estimated average life of 1.8 years , assuming monthly prepayments at 1.3 % of the original balance . 
A subsidiary company processes commodities into foods such as instant noodles that are sold with the rice through a vast retail network . 
But most of them could have afforded to keep up their payments -- they chose not to do so . 
Kidder , Peabody & Co. is trying to struggle back . 
Cadbury Schweppes Australia Ltd. has held the Australian Pepsi franchise for the past four years . 
Some even see a silver lining in the dark clouds . 
-- `` Arms Control Reality , '' Nov. 20 , 1984 , the first of some 20 Journal editorials saying that Krasnoyarsk violated the ABM treaty . 
The sad condition of U.S. policy in Central America is best depicted by the recent end to U.S. sponsorship of Radio Costa Rica . 
Against the rapid cosmetic overhaul of the Socialist Party the LDP has been paralyzed . 
`` We just took another floor for our London offices , '' said Joseph Flom of the New York firm of Skadden , Arps , Slate , Meagher & Flom . 
But the 3090 line is nearly five years old -- which is getting up there in mainframe years -- and its growth is expected to slow in 1990 . 
By comparison , Cannes now gives $ 39,000 to the winner of its young director 's award . 
D. Wayne Calloway , also chief executive officer of the company , indicated that he expects analysts to raise their forecasts for 1989 after the company releases its earnings today . 
`` They were willing to mistreat us because we had n't shown any moxie , any resistance , '' says William Queenan , a DC-10 pilot and 14-year Federal veteran . 
What if the only system that does work is so expensive that , at best , only the largest exchanges can afford it ? 
The Bush administration plans to announce a series of principles and to work with congressional leaders in writing specific legislative proposals that embody them . 
With all this , can stock prices hold their own ? 
Under the reorganization , Ogilvy plans to name one executive on each account as a `` client service director '' to work as the client 's single contact for all those services . 
`` I do n't want to be like { financier Alan } Bond and the other Australians . 
Although they never said so publicly , they have made no secret of their preference for the F-18 on operational grounds . 
Exxon said it will build a new headquarters on a 132-acre tract in the 10-year-old Las Colinas complex in the suburb of Irving . 
As in other jittery times , many small businesses expect a particularly rough time raising funds as investors shun risky deals , seeking safety in bigger companies . 
A call option is similar to a put , except that it gives its owner the right to buy shares at a stated price until expiration . 
Westamerica Bancorp. said Richard W. Decker resigned as president and chief executive officer after only a year on the job because of `` differences '' with the board . 
Become a Lobbyist 
John C. Marous , chairman and chief executive officer , also said the company expects sales from continuing businesses to rise 8.5 % annually through the next three years . 
QUANTUM CORP. , Milpitas , manufactures rigid disc drives for small business computers , word processors , annual sales $ 120.8 million , OTC , open for business , minor structural damage . 
Bob Bardagy , executive vice president of marketing at Comdisco Inc. , a huge leasing firm , said : `` To put it mildly , IBM Credit has been doing some of the worst economic deals of any leasing company we have ever seen . '' 
Many believe that without a healthy futures exchange , Hong Kong 's aspirations to be recognized as an international financial center will suffer . 
Included in the three-year contract are options for two one-year renewals . 
Long-debated proposals to simplify the more than 150 civil penalties and make them fairer and easier to administer are in the House tax bill . 
We sympathize with Mrs. Thatcher 's reluctance to tie her currency to one governed by the domestic political imperatives of West Germany . 
In addition to increasing costs as a result of greater financial exposure for members , these measures could have other , far-reaching repercussions . 
`` All this may not be obvious to the public , which is concerned about advances in treatment , but I am convinced this basic research will begin showing results there soon . '' 
The Direct Selling Association , a trade group , points out that its members , which include Amway Corp. , cooperate with the IRS to distribute tax-compliance material to sales people and are helping to prepare a public-service television program on the subject . 
Now the best of them age as gracefully as Grannies , the industry 's gold standard for storability . 
FIRST AMERICAN FINANCIAL Corp. declared a special dividend of one share of Class B common stock for each share of Class A common stock , payable to holders of record on Nov. 10 if the Securities and Exchange Commission approves this as the effective date of the registration statement . 
Within the paper sector , Mead climbed 2 3\/8 to 38 3\/4 on 1.3 million shares , Union Camp rose 2 3\/4 to 37 3\/4 , Federal Paper Board added 1 3\/4 to 23 7\/8 , Bowater gained 1 1\/2 to 27 1\/2 , Stone Container rose 1 to 26 1\/8 and Temple-Inland jumped 3 3\/4 to 62 1\/4 . 
Past Due Impasse 
California enacted a rights law in 1988 . 
Here 's a Waltana , '' he exclaims , picking one off a tree . 
About 23,000 people typically travel over the Golden Gate Bridge during commute hours . 
Efforts by a federal mediator to reignite talks between Boeing Co. and the Machinists union apparently failed , and no further meetings are scheduled . 
The evidence does not clearly support the view that the downward bias in output growth has become greater during the 1948-89 period , but all I am claiming is that the growth trend is understated . 
Traders and analysts said they did n't see any effect on Tokyo stocks from the California earthquake . 
`` The Japanese are in the early stage right now , '' said Thomas Kenney , a onetime media adviser for First Boston Corp. who was recently appointed president of Reader 's Digest Association 's new Magazine Publishing Group . 
For instance , the insured municipal bonds that dominate the older couple 's portfolio were probably selected in large part for their low repayment risk . 
`` It 's a real face-to-face arm wrestling challenge to Congress . '' 
`` Impossible , impossible , '' say the Conradies , an elderly couple who have run the general store for decades . 
But even though companies are paying more taxes , many are still paying less than the statutory rate , the report said . 
Jay Stevens , an analyst with Dean Witter Reynolds , said he expected the Sunnyvale , Calif. , company to earn 35 cents a share for the quarter and said the firm 's weaker profit was partly the result of increased competition from International Business Machines Corp. , Amdahl 's principal competitor for mainframe sales . 
Inland Chairman Frank W. Luerssen said the company 's short-term outlook is `` clouded by uncertainties in the economy and financial markets . '' 
Instead , they are spending to reinforce the identity that they believe attracts their customers . 
The Illinois Attorney General won a court order to prevent the couple from raising further funds without MADD 's permission . 
The company 's third-quarter earnings also rose to 10 cents a share from eight cents a share a year ago . 
Mr. Engelken was doing the same across the Hudson River in New Jersey , where , with his nose pressed against the front window of the Passaic-Clifton National Bank , he watched the duel on a television set the bank set up for the event . 
Three International Cash Portfolios funds , which invest almost exclusively in bonds and money-market instruments overseas , were among the four top-performing funds in the latest week . 
Shiny Nikes , cracked cement , media glory -- the foot race of the year . 
A spokesman for the city would n't confirm the size of the bond issue , but did say that a general obligation offering is in the works and should be priced sometime in the next two weeks , before the November mayoral election . 
This starts in the construction phase through the use of minority contractors and local workers . 
The two shared results from this route swap , and followed rules on ticket pricing . 
General Universal Stores , another top-tier stock hit recently by concerns over retail demand in the face of high interest rates , gained 20 to # 10.44 . 
Some have built health spas , business centers and shopping villages so visitors have more to do than ski . 
Upon privatization , National Power will be responsible for 70 % of the country 's power generating business . 
It is not my contention that either Mr. Chestman or Mr. Freeman was an innocent victim of prosecutorial overzealousness . 
He promises that Nissan will soon establish a holding company overseeing all U.S. operations , just as it 's doing in Europe . 
`` We want people to think of Lake View as an historical park and educational experience ... . 
PRO BONO VOLUNTARISM : In an effort to stave off a plan that would require all lawyers in New York state to provide twenty hours of free legal aid a year , the state bar recommended an alternative program to increase voluntary participation in pro bono programs . 
Eventually , Mr. Green testified , he began ducking out of his office rather than face the judge when he visited . 
They plan to increase cooperation in freight ground-handling and create a world-wide computer system to process cargo . 
In other words , a little volatility never hurt . 
Outflows of people and capital from Hong Kong have been growing since the sovereignty issue first arose in the early 1980s . 
`` There 's nothing in here that 's horrible and nothing to make you think they 're setting the world on fire , '' said Carole Berger , analyst for C.J. Lawrence , Morgan Grenfell Inc . 
This tale of a Chicago policewoman returning home to find the man who raped her 20 years earlier is supposed to be set in the Ozarks . 
`` Our felony caseloads have been consistent for 20 years , '' with about 15 % of all prosecutions going to trial , a department spokeswoman said . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average , up about 60 points in mid-afternoon , finished with a gain of 39.55 points , to 2683.20 . 
Morton Downey Jr. , who self-destructed as a talk-show host and frequently verbally abused his guests , has been signed to co-host a half-hour nightly program on the Consumer News and Business Channel , the cable channel partly owned by the General Electric Co. 's National Broadcasting Co . 
`` The buyers who work for the various Campeau chains may lose their jobs . 
John J. Phelan Jr. , chairman of the Big Board , asserts that `` 1988 and 1989 have been two of the least volatile years in the last 30 or 40 years . '' 
Although Paribas Chairman Michel Francois-Poncet would n't rule out eventually selling all of Navigation Mixte 's insurance operations to Allianz , he stressed the potential for the two groups instead to cooperate . 
Savings and loans reject blacks for mortgage loans twice as often as they reject whites , the Office of Thrift Supervision said . 
American Brands declined to comment on Mr. Wathen 's accusations . 
`` We want to complain , we want to say something about it , and we 're going to as it gets worse , '' says Rep. Dan Burton , an Indiana Republican who has been a staunch Contra backer . 
`` Prices for retail chains are lower today than they were last week , which will help management , '' said Gilbert Harrison , chairman of Financo Inc. , an investment-banking firm specializing in retailing acquisitions . 
Although this White House pressure was clearly a factor among committee Republicans , no single influence was greater than Mr. Whitten . 
The Soviet Union has halted construction of two Chernobyl-type nuclear reactors and is reassessing the future of 12 other existing reactors . 
After practicing law locally , he was elected to his first 10-year term as judge in 1971 ; in 1981 , he was effectively re-elected . 
Zurn Industries Inc. said it received approval to proceed on four separate projects with a total contract value of $ 59 million . 
President Roh Tae Woo 's administration has been studying the real-estate crisis for the past year with an eye to partial land redistribution . 
Some analysts predict that in the absence of market-moving news to push the U.S. unit sharply higher or lower , the currency is likely to drift below 1.80 marks this week . 
Mr. Train is president of Train , Smith Investment Counsel , New York . 
Just in time for Halloween , Britain 's Oxford University Press is publishing a `` Dictionary of Superstitions . '' 
Investors usually do n't want to take physical delivery of a contract , preferring instead to profit from its price swings and then end any obligation to take delivery or make delivery as it nears expiration . 
The bleak trade report was played down by the Bush administration . 
MERRILL LYNCH READY ASSETS TRUST : 8.52 % . 
Within the IRS , nearly $ 1.95 billion is provided for processing tax returns , a 12 % increase over fiscal 1989 and double what the government was spending five years ago . 
The sales are an attempt to quell investor concern about Black & Decker 's increased debt burden from the Emhart purchase . 
The earthquake shattered windows at San Francisco International 's air-traffic control tower and rained pieces of the ceiling down on controllers , three of whom suffered minor injuries . 
`` If the 1980s were a decade of consumption , the '90s will be the investment decade , '' Mr. Andersson says . 
Independent directors would be able to block transactions they unanimously deem would be likely to depress the private market value of LIN at the time it is to be sold in five years . 
She was in her most radiant , expressive voice . 
In a separate speech prepared for delivery at the dinner , Robin Leigh-Pemberton , Bank of England governor , conceded that `` demand pressures were even more buoyant than had been appreciated '' when the British economy was heating up last year . 
Manila is offering several major assets for the first time and is trying to conclude sales already arranged . 
I never pay my bills Till the very last day ; I lose far less interest By proceeding that way . 
They accuse the Democrats of unfairly using Senate rules to erect a 60-vote hurdle . 
Police in Prague raided an international meeting on human rights , detaining Czechoslovakia 's former foreign minister , Jiri Hajak , and 14 other activists . 
`` We are having a regular day . 
The success of `` Batibot '' stands in marked contrast to many academic and government attempts to promote Filipino as a national language . 
WHITMAN & RANSOM recruits lawyers from disbanding firm : 
Anybody with a mailbox can answer that : sheer , overwhelming , mind-numbing volume . 
Net income rose to $ 748 million , or 81 cents a share , from the year-earlier $ 621 million , or 67 cents a share . 
`` Before the state of Wisconsin mandated that mental-health care be covered , there were only 70 mental-health clinics in the state ; now there are 400 , '' says Carolyn Miller , an NFIB lobbyist . 
Others prefer deep-discount zero-coupon bonds . 
But there are signs that labor-management cooperation could change the politics of health-care legislation and the economics of medicine . 
Jack Byrne , chairman of Fireman 's Fund , said this disaster will test the catastrophe reinsurance market , causing these rates to soar . 
'' ( Investigators stress that building owners are victims , too , since boiler rooms often leave without paying rent . ) 
`` They are becoming more independent . 
But while the merits of diversification shine through when times are tough , there 's also a price to pay : A diversified portfolio always underperforms an undiversified portfolio during those times when the investment in the undiversified portfolio is truly hot . 
Yet nothing about `` Baker Boys , '' and certainly nothing about Ms. Pfeiffer , really is like something from the video vault . 
But just down Seventh Avenue , where about 75 % of U.S. fur garments are made , Larry Rosen has acquired two retail outlets , broadened his fur-making line and expanded into leather . 
`` The unnecessary and inappropriate use of the hospital , and not the actual need for a particular procedure , has been the main focus , '' the panel said . 
It also will buy about $ 91.7 million of assets , and the FDIC will advance $ 31.8 million to the assuming bank . 
It said sales of home electronic products advanced 3.7 % to 44.92 billion yen from 43.34 billion yen . 
Heidi Ehman might have stepped from a recruiting poster for young Republicans . 
Separately , Warner reported a net loss of $ 106 million , or 56 cents a share , including merger expenses of $ 100 million and $ 120 million in charges associated with stock-appreciation-based compensation plans . 
Commercial fishermen and fish processors filed suit in federal court in a claim that has ballooned to more than $ 104.8 million . 
The debt issues involved and the proposed consent fees and cash tender offer prices ( expressed per $ 1,000 of principal amount ) are as follows : 10 1\/2 % senior notes due 1994 at 101 % ; 11 % subordinated debt due 1999 at 102 % ; 9 3\/8 % notes due 1993 at 100 % ; and 8 3\/8 % notes due 1996 at 95.25 % . 
Offered by insurers that include Security-Connecticut Life Insurance Co. , Jackson National Life Insurance Co. , and National Travelers Life Insurance Co. , these policy riders let me tap a portion of my death benefits while I 'm still alive . 
It is more difficult to deny a general bigotry in seeing things only the Japanese way . 
The company denied the rumors and noted that it does n't own the building . 
`` We can support the American flag without changing the American Constitution , '' said Senate Majority Leader George Mitchell of Maine . 
All of the term bonds are original issue discount bonds , according to the lead underwriter . 
Lewis L. Glucksman , vice chairman of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. , said : `` This is a problem that 's taking on a life of its own . 
This is how American women won the right to vote . 
Michael Hays , head of ProBody Fitness , notes an industry `` wash '' is in progress . 
Informix , which recently said third-quarter net income rose to 16 cents a share from a penny a share a year ago , gained 1 5\/8 to 13 5\/8 on 810,700 shares . 
Citicorp -- $ 200 million of 8 3\/4 % notes due Nov. 1 , 1996 , priced at 99.64 to yield 8.82 % . 
However , many institutional investors are reacting to the stock market 's plunge as `` a great buying opportunity , '' said Charles I. Clough , chief investment strategist at Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
For all that , the piece landed unperformed in a dusty archive after Bologna refused to supply a chorus and orchestra . 
The recent sharp stock market decline exacerbated those concerns . 
Federal National Mortgage Association -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered in 12 classes by Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
Initial claims for state unemployment benefits fell to a seasonally adjusted 332,000 for the week ended Oct. 14 from 396,000 the previous week , the Labor Department said . 
Just because Stamford , Conn. , High School did nothing when its valuable 1930s mural was thrown in the trash does n't mean the city no longer owns the work of art , a federal judge ruled . 
Meanwhile , average earnings in Britain were up 8.75 % in August over the previous year . 
Helmsley Enterprises Inc. plans to close its company-owned insurance business and is seeking other brokers to take over its policies , according to individuals familiar with the New York firm . 
Forest-products issues showing strength included Champion International , which went up 1 3\/8 to 31 7\/8 ; Weyerhaeuser , up 3\/4 to 27 1\/4 ; Louisiana-Pacific , up 1 1\/8 to 40 3\/8 , and Boise Cascade , up 5\/8 to 42 . 
Not yesterday . 
American officials have said that a meeting with the leader of the U.S. could help bolster his stature among Soviet politicians and academics , whose support he needs . 
Among the most upbeat was BT Brokerage ( Asia ) Ltd . 
Some credit concerns , such as Bernard Sands Credit Consultants Inc. , have told clients not to ship anything to Federated or Allied stores on credit . 
`` Nobody was expecting this size of a loss , '' said Paul Karos , an analyst with First Boston Corp . 
Kate 's Ma ( Louise Latham ) is a moral coward . 
Says she : `` Once you add dramatizations , it 's no longer news , it 's drama , and that has no place on a network news broadcast ... . 
MOST FOOD companies these days are trimming the fat and cholesterol content of their products to appeal to health-conscious consumers . 
Out of this , the government set up a $ 50 million fund for plaintiffs who can prove their financial losses . 
Paris market sources said they believed Allianz was buying yesterday morning , and Navigation Mixte moved up 108 francs ( $ 17.19 ) to close at 1,908 francs in heavy trading . 
This earthy , amusing film answers with a resounding `` yes . '' 
Financial markets quieted , with stock prices edging lower , bonds inching up and the dollar almost unchanged . 
Intel 's short interest jumped 42 % , while Campeau 's increased 62 % . 
TAXPAYERS ' RIGHTS are defined by a growing number of states . 
After completing the sale and paying debts , the trust and corporation will consider a number of options including a stock repurchase , payment of special dividend or investment in more gaming properties . 
At Nissan , `` we felt we wanted to do something to help them gather money , and we had this airtime on Monday Night Football , '' explains Brooke Mitzel , a Nissan advertising creative manager . 
Amid the swirl of punitive rhetoric surrounding the issue , one critical question involves whether a federal death penalty , on top of existing state laws , would deter any would-be criminals . 
Traditionally , the medical establishment has waited two years to approve adult treatments for pediatric uses , because of a combination of conservative safety standards and red tape . 
Bishop is based in Hutchinson , Kansas . 
U.S. and Soviet negotiators opened talks in New York aimed at resolving differences in proposals to reduce chemical-weapons arsenals . 
In nominal terms it rose 0.6 % from a year earlier before adjustment . 
For the nine months , BankAmerica profit soared 81 % to $ 833 million , or $ 4.07 a share , from $ 461 million , or $ 2.40 a share . 
Naturally , one of the best ways to guarantee visibility for your due-process system is for top management to support it . 
Though the ink is barely dry on its new , post-bankruptcy law structure , Bill Bullock , Manville 's head of investor relations , says the company is continually pondering `` whether there is a better way to be structured . 
Until Avery makes an acquisition , Messrs. Peltz and May will waive their direct salaries and bonuses , the company said . 
Utility operations , the only company unit operating in the black in the latest period , had a 26 % drop in profit , to $ 86.3 million , largely as a result of outages at the company 's huge Palo Verde nuclear facility and the cost of purchased replacement power . 
Even as Citicorp and Chase Manhattan Corp. scrambled to line up bank financing for a revised version of the lapsed labor-management bid , British Airways , a 15 % partner in the buying group , indicated it wants to start from scratch . 
In fact , there 's only one person involved who 's happy , and that 's Floyd String , president of Coin Wrap and conceiver of the cement-truck solution . 
But Mr. Levine had said the p53 gene caused cancer by promoting growth , whereas the Johns Hopkins scientists were looking for a gene that suppressed growth . 
We suspect that Justice will some day agree that only the complete repeal of RICO can guarantee an end to injustices in its name . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , H.H. Robertson closed at $ 11.625 , up 62.5 cents . 
Living there for six years was really scary . 
Does n't anybody here want to win this mayor 's race ? 
Earlier this year , Japan said it would cut the number of its drift-net vessels in the South Pacific by two-thirds , or down to 20 . 
`` There seems to be a lot of art for sale , but there 's more competition . 
Part of both the costs and the savings could be passed on to shippers on the TransCanada pipeline through tolls , which are based on the value of the pipeline system and the cost of operating it . 
The economy 's slowdown is due only partly to the austerity program launched in September 1988 to cool an overheated economy and tame inflation . 
12:07 a.m . 
With such a lopsided book of options , traders say , Chemical was more vulnerable to erroneous valuation assumptions . 
Testifying before a House subcommittee , Mr. Mulford said that if the Treasury had n't intervened in foreign-exchange markets in September and early October to reduce the dollar 's value , the plunge in the stock market might have provoked a steep fall in the currency that might have `` unhinged financial markets . '' 
A close look at his record over the last 15 years suggests that Mr. Bush has well-stated his views -- on all sides of the issue . 
Her findings ? 
The study surveyed a national group of medical directors , personnel managers and employee assistance program directors about their perceptions of these problems in their companies . 
About 45,000 children in Los Angeles County are under court supervision , Mr. Edelman says , and an average of 1,500 new children are added each month . 
Besides the Machinists pact , accords representing 30,000 of the company 's engineering and technical employees in the Puget Sound and Wichita , Kan. , areas expire in early December . 
Corn futures prices rose slightly while wheat prices settled mixed . 
Analysts pointed to reports that the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries is producing substantially more than its official limit of 20.5 million barrels a day , with some accounts putting the 13-nation group 's output as high as 23 million barrels a day . 
But the cosmetic changes are n't expected to win over Britain . 
Shearson is about 60%-held by American Express Co . 
Work was begun on single family homes -- the core of the housing market -- at an annual rate of 971,000 in September , a drop of 2.1 % from the previous month . 
They just want to get their job done at any cost to the athlete '' . 
Under the proposal by Equitec , a financially troubled real-estate syndicator , New York-based Hallwood Group Inc. would replace Equitec as the newly formed master limited partnership 's general partner and manager . 
From my own point of view , given the qualities of humanity , creativity and warm spirit in which the Cuban people excel , we deny ourselves access to things we hold dear , and which seem to run in such short supply these days . 
For the nine months , net increased 14 % to $ 217.5 million , or $ 3.09 a share . 
By late yesterday , both sides appeared prepared to bury the hatchet . 
It also charges that Imperial , the holding company for Imperial Savings & Loan , experienced major losses and writedowns because of improper assessment of the risks of junk-bond investments and wholesale consumer loan packages . 
`` Apparently the commission did not really believe in this ideal . '' 
The growing sales sustained by domestic demand failed to counter rising material metal costs and declining profitability in overseas construction , Furukawa said . 
If that option is favored by gas buyers and regulators , Foothills said it would build another smaller pipeline connecting Mackenzie Delta reserves to the Alaska mainline . 
`` We would n't have had to refinance if a lot of the problems had n't been there , '' Mr. Wathen says . 
`` When you get a big sell-off in equities , money starts to shift into bonds , '' which are considered safer , he said . 
In an interview and in congressional testimony , he repeatedly points to the recent 190-point plunge in the Dow Jones Industrial Average -- the second-largest ever -- as evidence of the need for Congress to give the SEC the ability to better monitor leveraged buy-out loan activity by brokerage firms and to track big trades in the market . 
For the nine months , Amoco said that net income fell to $ 1.29 billion from $ 1.69 billion but if unusual items are excluded , operations produced essentially flat results . 
Mercury also is shrinking itself , part of its plan to change its emphasis from buying mortgage loans from mortgage brokers to making loans directly . 
On May 19 , the FDA began detaining Chinese mushrooms in 68-ounce cans after more than 100 people in Mississippi , New York and Pennsylvania became ill from eating tainted mushrooms . 
Mr. Batchelder says that in the past , banks would normally have loaned 65 % of a total buy-out price , with the loans secured by the target company 's assets . 
The risk of doing business with Campeau 's Federated and Allied department store chains is about to increase greatly , not only for Mr. Levy but for hundreds of other small apparel makers , button suppliers , trucking firms and fabric houses . 
Meanwhile , bond investors are laboring under the onus of a national debt ceiling debate . 
The government is funding several projects to push PC use . 
The diplomat adds that Mr. Krenz has several things going for him . 
Nearly half of U.S. consumers say they 'll pay up to 5 % more for packaging that can be recycled or is biodegradable , according to a survey commissioned by the Michael Peters Group , a design consultant . 
News of the halt comes amid growing anger in the Ukraine and Byelorussia over continuing high levels of radiation from Chernobyl . 
Subsequently , however , the ill effects are likely to be offset , at least in economic terms , as construction activity begins . 
Instead , the Treasury announced it would sell $ 2 billion of 51-day cash management bills today and said that the weekly sale of $ 15.6 billion of three-month and six-month bills will take place today , as usual , but the sale will settle tomorrow instead of Thursday . 
So much of the stuff poured into its Austin , Texas , offices that its mail rooms there simply stopped delivering it . 
French President Francois Mitterrand , European Community Commission President Jacques Delors , Spanish Prime Minister Felipe Gonzalez and others have begun linking the rapid changes in the East to the need to speed up changes in the West . 
When the DJIA modestly rebounded , the dollar bounced back in choppy dealings but ended the day below the levels of late Monday . 
`` We have the worst lease in the NFL , '' contends Michael B. McCaskey , the president of the Chicago Bears and a grandson of George Halas , who founded the NFL 's predecessor organization . 
Michael Applebaum resigned after less than a year in the posts . 
And where were all our handsomely paid Indian Ocean allies last year when our convoys were being attacked ? '' 
Ms. Shere has offered a $ 500 reward for the book 's return but figures she 'll have to reinvent many recipes from scratch . 
The six-story hotel will be on Gorky Street and initially will cater mostly to business travelers . 
`` Reading the settlement into the record was the last thing on my mind . 
The Boeing 727 , en route to Honduras from Costa Rica via Nicaragua , smashed into the hills outside Tegucigalpa as it approached the capital 's airport in high winds and low clouds . 
But it was opposed by some environmentalists as a threat to Irian Jaya 's forests and a potential source of social unrest for the primitive tribes who inhabit them . 
Ms. Lowenthal is executive director of the International Foundation for Art Research ( IFAR ) . 
That will involve a substantial increase in overseas manufacturing capacity , he acknowledged , but did n't provide specific details . 
The minimum unit is $ 100,000 . 
The August figure reflected a 6.4 % rise in imports and a 0.2 % drop in exports . 
Revenue rose 23 % to $ 1.67 billion from $ 1.36 billion . 
Much of HUD 's spending actually is disguised welfare for developers or the middle class . 
And the risks are n't appropriate for us , '' he says . 
And foreign creditors are likely to be more cautious about extending new loans because China is nearing a peak repayment period as many loans start falling due in the next two to five years . 
Not since the late 1970s has the horn been so up for grabs as it has suddenly become in just the past few weeks . 
The 30-share index fell 33.3 points to 1739.3 . 
Its victories include more than $ 30 million in Sheraton Corp. business and an assignment from Dun & Bradstreet worth $ 5 million to $ 10 million . 
Carriers could use their equipment more efficiently , leading to overcapacity they were eager to fill . 
In Humphrey Bogart 's nightclub , Victor Laszlo leads Free French sympathizers in `` La Marseillaise '' to drown out the Nazis . 
`` I thought the probabilities of { a bidding war } happening were less , '' he says . 
The second time he identified two robbers , who were arrested and charged . 
The products are so-called analog integrated circuits that have applications in the consumer electronics , automobile and electronic instrumentation markets . 
About 11,000 shares sold at $ 170 on the bell , representing about eight to 10 late orders , the specialists estimate . 
The Arab League pledged an accord for a complete Syrian troop pullout from Lebanon , where about 70,000 people marched to the headquarters of Christian leader Aoun to support his rejection of a peace plan approved Sunday by Lebanon 's legislature . 
The magazine was overhauled with the aid of American magazine design gurus Milton Glaser and Walter Bernard , and targets top-level U.S. executives with Japanese and American advertisers . 
They speak volumes about the state of our society at a given moment . 
Bourbon makes up just 1 % of world-wide spirits consumption , but it represented 57 % of U.S. liquor exports last year , according to Jobson ; no other category had more than 19 % . 
At that time , tasks were assigned strictly on the basis of seniority . 
And hardly surprising , many residents trying to cope with the city 's other problems are constantly on edge , one ethnic group scrapping with another . 
Supplemental Security Income payments to the disabled also will rise 4.7 % , starting with checks received on Dec. 29 , 1988 , increasing the maximum SSI payment to $ 386 from $ 368 a month . 
The work force provides the third arm of the `` alliance . '' 
The company said it recently sold its 750th cartridge system , which cost $ 400,000 to $ 500,000 each . 
The move , which injects capital into the system , is seen as an effort to reassure the finanicial markets that the U.S. central bank is ready to provide the ample liquidity . 
The first day 's business was 911 contracts ( each for 100 shares of one of the listed stocks ) . 
Raymond E. Ross , 53 years old , formerly group vice president , U.S. plastics machinery , at this machine tool , plastics machinery and robots concern , was named senior vice president , industrial systems , succeeding David A. Entrekin , who resigned Monday . 
UAL 's stock regained most of an early loss amid speculation one or more investors may challenge the airline 's decision to stay independent . 
INTEREST-RATE PLAYER : 
The company said its Union Pacific Railroad had a 3 % profit increase , despite a 14 % rise in fuel costs and a 4 % drop in car loadings . 
Among the big stock funds , Dreyfus Fund , with more than $ 2 billion in assets , had a decline of just 1.49 % for the week and a return of 21.42 % for the year . 
So far this year , rising demand for OPEC oil and production restraint by some members have kept prices firm despite rampant cheating by others . 
Mr. Breeden contended that uncertainty over when the SEC might act could worsen volatility in the markets . 
`` Some people call me the communist billionaire , '' she has told visitors . 
At James Capel & Co. in London , analyst Jackie Ashurst notes that Akzo is less exposed than many of its rivals to the most volatile chemical products . 
Several medical concerns , including Pfizer Inc. , Hewlett-Packard Co. , Colgate and Abbott Laboratories intend to pursue a similar consortium approach . 
The bonds are subject to federal taxation in the U.S. , including income taxes . 
But the trust , in most cases , is forbidden from seeking a buyer for only its shares before November 1993 . 
In early trading in Tokyo Monday , the Nikkei index rose 101.98 points to 35588.36 . 
In addition , both administration and congressional officials said the need for guidelines on coups and assassinations was partly spurred by a White House desire to avoid nasty overseas surprises during the election campaign . 
The percentage change is since year-end . 
The Series 1989 A bonds are insured and rated triple-A by Moody 's and S&P . 
Separately , the bill gives authority to the Bush administration to facilitate the refinancing of federally subsidized loans for low-income and moderate-income homeowners . 
The notification policy was part of a set of guidelines on handling coups outlined in a secret 1988 exchange of letters between the Reagan administration and the Senate Intelligence Committee . 
Proceeds of the sale , expected to be completed next week , would be used to repurchase as many as 10 million shares of Honeywell stock , the company said . 
Several ridiculous projects continue , including the `` New International Economic Order , '' which means redistributionism from the West to pay for everyone else 's statism . 
The issue is one of a judge 's experience , his competence and his physical ability to serve on the bench , '' Justice Rubin said . 
In addition , mutual funds did n't appear to be major sellers of high-yield securities as was expected . 
Glamorous and pure-voiced as ever , Ms. Collins sang Joni Mitchell 's `` For Free '' -- about an encounter with a street-corner clarinetist , to which Mr. Stoltzman contributed a clarinet obligatto -- and Mr. Douglas 's lush setting of a Gaelic blessing , `` Deep Peace . '' 
The company said it had a net loss in its fourth quarter ended June 30 of $ 36.2 million , or $ 9.33 a share , on revenue of $ 13.1 million . 
USX , which had n't set a date for the offering , did n't disclose any timetable for the offering . 
Merck , Rahway , N.J. , continued to lead the industry with a strong sales performance in the human and animal health-products segment . 
Microsoft , which last week rose to a record , fell victim to profit-taking , traders said , as it declined 2 1\/8 to 83 1\/8 . 
Market participants hope today 's GNP report will offer more substantial evidence on U.S. economic growth , although analysts are quick to point out that the figures may overstate the economy 's vigor . 
S&P also lowered ratings on unsecured deposits and issues backed by a letter of credit from the bank holding company 's principal unit , Valley National Bank of Arizona . 
Americans spent more than $ 190 billion on new cars and trucks last year , and just 1 % of that market exceeded Polaroid Co. 's sales of $ 1.86 billion . 
He expects such a cut `` because of problems in several sectors of the economy , particularly real estate and automobiles . '' 
The court also questioned a crediting mechanism that could be used to resolve take-or-pay liabilities . 
In a news release issued by Mr. Drivon , the trial lawyers association also promised free assistance to victims . 
Issues discussed in this context were an increase in the minimum wage and an increase in child-care spending . 
Big financial stocks carried the day . 
NBC , a unit of General Electric Co. , has n't decided on a permanent replacement for the canceled series . 
The company suffered a loss of $ 270 million in 1985 , but its financial situation has been improving since then . 
Even if only some of the allegations stand up , however , they provide ample testimony to the awesome power of judges in rural communities . 
`` It will take several meetings to resolve this , '' said a spokesman for the Machinists union . 
Few people in the advertising business have raised as many hackles as Alvin A. Achenbaum . 
Fees 1 3\/4 . 
Last March , nine months after the judge 's swearing-in , the state attorney general 's office indicted him on a sweeping array of charges alleging more than 10 years of `` official oppression '' in Cambria County , a depressed steel and mining community in western Pennsylvania . 
A capital-gains tax-cut plan was dropped by Senate Democrats under pressure from their leadership . 
Fluor , based in Irvine , Calif. , will direct expansion of the mine 's capacity to 52,000 metric tons a day from 32,000 metric tons a day . 
It gets more mail in a month than McCall 's got in a year , and it 's not from mothers . 
Gary Lukassen , chief financial officer , said redemption of the preferred shares , originally issued at C$ 25 each , will eliminate dividend payments of C$ 17.9 million annually . 
But , he added , `` Since the late 1960s , the distribution of income has been slowly getting less equal . 
Although external events have contributed to the morass , the principal causes of the current crisis are internal and generic to all programs . 
In another development yesterday , creditors were told that $ 40 million they had expected to become available for implementing a reorganization may not materialize , according to one source . 
It 's a tough thing when you ca n't . 
Tom Schlesinger , market analyst at A.G. Edwards & Sons Inc. , says investors should consider selling if there has been a fundamental change in a company since they bought its stock . 
In the first quarter of 1988 , the company earned $ 10 million , or 94 cents a share . 
In trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Cineplex closed at $ 11 , down 25 cents , with more than a million shares changing hands . 
On top of all this , corn and soybean prices rose on reports that the Midwest harvest was disrupted by a freakishly early snow storm that dumped several inches in parts of Indiana and Ohio . 
But the brand had trouble from the start . 
At the time , the Merksamer chain had 11 stores in operation . 
Then they completed the other side of the trade by buying futures , which abruptly halted the stock market 's decline as traders began to buy stocks . 
Wednesday , October 25 , 1989 
Ducks . 
Researchers began using the drug in February on patients who had received kidney , liver , heart and pancreas transplants . 
`` It 's not as if we 're teaching language per se , '' he says , `` We 're just using it . '' 
The split was aimed at boosting the stock 's liquidity , said Brendan Barba , chairman of the Moonachie , N.J. , maker of plastic film products . 
The December contract was down three cents a pound , settling at $ 1.1280 , which was just above the day 's low of $ 1.1270 . 
Allianz said in its statement that it was acting to protect that interest , which ties it to Navigation Mixte as a partner . 
Unconstitutional bills make good legal targets , but the line-item veto is better understood as a political opportunity than as mere fodder for lawyers . 
`` Later on , my concerns about a whitewash became even more serious , '' he said . 
Even so , the Association of Quality Clubs , a health-club trade group in Boston , says membership revenues will rise about 5 % this year from last year 's $ 5 billion . 
Instead , many small and medium-sized banks , and some larger ones , are likely to take one of the other two options open to them under the plan , Japanese banking officials said . 
A U.S. counterterrorism official said experts are studying the Israeli list . 
Last Friday the 13th ( as well as two years ago this week ) the markets became unlinked . 
While Boeing 's commercial business is booming , its military business is feeling the effects of a declining defense budget after a strong buildup during the Reagan presidency . 
It is the promise of economic returns that is supposed to make the corporatist model attractive to both the party and labor . 
In addition , Mrs. Lidgerwood said , Norfolk is likely to draw down its cash initially to finance the purchases and thus forfeit some interest income . 
`` I suspect October was n't as good as the third quarter , and they 'll have difficulty matching the third quarter in the fourth quarter , '' Mr. Blumstein said . 
An article in the World Business Report of Sept. 22 editions incorrectly referred to his father , Grand Duke Jean , as the crown prince . 
`` The market started with several strikes against it , '' said Peter DaPuzzo , head of retail equity trading at Shearson Lehman Hutton , referring to news that the labor-management buy-out of UAL Corp. continued to unravel , and reports that the junk-bond market is disintegrating . 
`` The Japanese apple market is very keyed to high quality , '' says David Lane , a scientist at a Canadian horticulture research center in Summerland , British Columbia , and so apples are more of a delicacy there than a big food commodity . 
I thought back to our time in small , sparsely populated communities . 
For years , the company 's ads were tied in with pitches for Cannon sheets or Martex towels , for example , and an announcer at the end of the ads would tell customers where to `` find the true performance label . '' 
But in art-world parlance , Mr. Paul 's holdings are `` burnt . '' 
Copper futures sold off sharply yesterday , influenced by declines in the stock market and dollar , and a rally in bonds . 
Finally , of course , the boss gives in , but he 's still yelling : `` I find myself explaining anything to Teddy Kennedy , you 'll be chasing stolen cars in Anchorage . '' 
They do n't even give a nod to human sensibilities by celebrating Halloween . 
Small-business suppliers want prisons to stop getting high priority , especially as prison production grows with swelling inmate populations . 
The sales recovery screeched to a halt this month , some analysts say . 
`` The Congress government is taking the farmers ' bread and not giving us any support . 
An additional 299,000 shares are authorized for repurchase under an earlier stock buy-back program . 
Indeed , the older couple 's portfolio could actually be riskier in that sense if the expected return wo n't generate enough dollars to meet their spending plans . 
Then there were two gold watches once owned by Allan Pinkerton , who founded the company in Chicago in 1850 . 
Similarly , the measure adjusts the current funding formula to promise smaller states such as New Hampshire and Delaware a minimum allocation of $ 1.6 million each in drug grants , or three times the current minimum . 
Last week , a young black girl claimed she had been raped by a white police officer ( a la Tawana Brawley ) . 
Confidence in the pound is widely expected to take another sharp dive if trade figures for September , due for release tomorrow , fail to show a substantial improvement from July and August 's near-record deficits . 
Ron Dyer 
`` Yield greed often gets in the way of understanding things , '' says John Markese , research director of the American Association of Individual Investors , a Chicago-based educational group . 
The New York futures exchanges have been working together to develop a trade recording system much like the one called for in the bill . 
First Meridian and its officials are currently under investigation for possible criminal wrongdoing , according to a spokeswoman for the attorney general . 
And investors and traders alike say the current turmoil could take years to resolve . 
Earlier this month , Qintex Australia 's $ 1.5 billion agreement to acquire MGM\/UA Communications Co. collapsed because of a dispute over a $ 50 million letter of credit the Australian operator of television stations and resorts was to have supplied as security in the transaction . 
`` In a new position just after the opening , a computer will have serious problems , '' Mr. Kasparov said later . 
Rowland , meanwhile , has expanded aggressively , and now ranks as the fifth-largest U.S. public relations firm , according to O'Dwyer's Directory of Public Relations Firms . 
Navigation Mixte has investments in a sugar company , a food and canning concern , a bakery and bus and trucking firms , among others . 
Study after study -- the most recent from the Brookings Institution -- tells us that the best schools are those that are free of outside interference and are governed by a powerful head . 
It 's understood that MGM\/UA recently contacted Rupert Murdoch 's News Corp. , which made two failed bids for the movie studio , to see if the company was still interested . 
Yet although California Plant Protection was netting bigger and bigger clients -- the firm provided security for the 1984 Summer Olympics in Los Angeles -- it still did n't have the name recognition of Pinkerton 's . 
A second group of three company directors , aligned with Rally 's founder James Patterson , also is seeking control of the fast-food chain . 
The No. 1 domestic aluminum producer , Aluminum Co. of America , Friday said its earnings fell 3.2 % to $ 219 million , or $ 2.46 a share . 
But he reiterated the bank 's position that it is comfortable with the current level of $ 2.6 billion , covering about 30 % of the $ 8.9 billion of such loans outstanding . 
Under its revised fleet plan , PWA said it will also increase its existing fleet of eight Boeing 767-300ER aircraft to 18 by 1994 , and add four more Boeing 747-400s by 1994 to the two units that it previously planned to add by next year . 
This year 's nine-month results include gains of $ 13 million , or five cents a share , from the sale of Schlumberger 's defense systems business , and $ 22 million , or nine cents a share , from an award by the IranU.S . Claims Tribunal . 
1 ) Voters can `` buy '' one of two brands when they select their political agents -- a Republican brand that believes in the minimalist state and in the virtues of private markets over the vices of public action , and a Democratic brand that believes in big government and in public intervention to remedy the excesses attendant to the pursuit of private interest . 
`` I do n't see anything on the horizon that could lead to a precipitous rise in the price . '' 
The average daily share turnover for October is almost 148 million shares . 
Until then , it 's clear that some of the people who 've been keeping big-city schools down are going to be dealing with the Terminator . 
Amerada Hess Corp. and Occidental Petroleum Corp. reported higher earnings . 
But she did n't trust them and did n't reward trust . 
In testimony to the Senate securities subcommittee , Mr. Brady disputed the view of SEC Chairman Richard Breeden , who told a House panel Wednesday that he does n't want the ability to halt the markets . 
Tax-exempt airport and street-corner solicitations were intended only to provide start-up funds . 
`` It was like flying without a pilot in the front of the plane . '' 
The refunding issue , which had been in the wings for two months , was one of the chief offerings overhanging the market and limiting price appreciation . 
The Georgia-Pacific offer has definitely changed the landscape , '' said Gary Palmero of Oppenheimer & Co . 
One person close to the process says it would not be in the best interest of CBS News to comment on a `` work in progress , '' such as the Hoffman re-creation , but says CBS News is `` aware '' of the concerns of Ms. Lawrenson and Mr. Hoffman 's former wife . 
Philip Morris Cos. , whose Benson & Hedges cigarette brand has been losing market share , has asked at least one other agency to try its hand at creative work for the big account , which has been at Wells Rich Greene Inc. since 1966 . 
It is a knock-out battle -- perhaps to the death . 
Not only did Mr. Ortega 's comments come in the midst of what was intended as a showcase for the region , it came as Nicaragua is under special international scrutiny in anticipation of its planned February elections . 
Poland makes no machinery for a plant on that scale . 
On the other hand , Time Warner said its operating cash flow declined in the quarter for its magazine division , its books division and the Home Box Office programming division . 
But he said Akzo is considering `` alliances '' with American drug companies , although he would n't elaborate . 
Tandem , which already specializes in on-line transaction processing , is a potent competitor in that market . 
In early trading in Tokyo Thursday , the Nikkei index rose 135.09 points to 35242.65 . 
Such tests make the FAA confident that a Sioux City-type accident `` wo n't happen again , '' said Mr. Broderick . 
An associate member seat was sold for $ 228,000 , up $ 8,000 from the previous sale Oct. 4 . 
In addition , earnings were reduced by rate reductions in Florida , Kentucky , Alabama , Tennessee and Louisiana . 
Yet the bill is riding high on the furor over drug trafficking . 
The East German economy is strong compared with other East bloc nations . 
When the motorist returned to his car he could turn the card off and , if it showed time remaining , save it for later . 
Of the scores of companies contacted by this newspaper , few reported any damage that they did n't expect to have remedied within a day or two . 
Navigation Mixte holds the remaining 50 % . 
Raymond Corp. lost 1 to 10 after it said late Thursday that it will take a $ 4.4 million charge in its third quarter for reserves to cover potential charges in connection with the closing and sale of a manufacturing plant . 
The state examiner also said supervisors of a parallel federal examination seemed so reluctant to demand write-downs of Lincoln 's bad loans that he immediately grew suspicious . 
Preliminary cost-of-living data for the current month are calculated based on inflation data from the four largest West German states -- Baden-Wuerttemberg , North Rhine-Westphalia , Bavaria and Hesse . 
In a prepared statement from Australia , the company also said that , following the breakdown of the MGM talks , it `` had been re-evaluating its position as a significant shareholder and a substantial creditor of Qintex Entertainment '' and had `` resolved to minimize the degree of further loans to Qintex Entertainment in excess of that previously made . '' 
The commission said that EC television producers lost `` important market shares '' and suffered an `` unsustainable '' pressure on prices because of the Korean companies ' marketing and pricing policies , which it said were `` in clear violation '' of international trade rules . 
With more than 300 billion rubles in savings accounts and little to spend them on , Soviet consumers grumble at the exorbitant black-market prices for such goods -- but they buy them anyway . 
The vote , in which 11 GOP lawmakers voted against Mr. Bush 's position , was a victory for Democratic leaders , who opposed the amendment as an intrusion on the Bill of Rights . 
William Greaney , an attorney for the Chemical Manufacturers Association , said that while other appeals courts have ruled differently on whether cleanup costs are damages , the influence of the appeals court in New York `` will make insurers sit up and listen . '' 
`` Publishers will find that some magazines have served their purpose and should die , '' he added . 
Eastern Reproduction Corp. , a Waltham , Mass. , maker of thin metal precision parts , must report to five federal and state agencies as well as to local fire , police , hospital and plumbing authorities , says Robert Maguire , president . 
Even though the government would retain the 45 % stake in Picop , critics have accused the trust of selling out to foreigners . 
( Secondary guarantees of pools of FHA - and VA-backed loans by the agency known as Ginnie Mae currently exceed $ 330 billion . ) 
Everybody was out buying Monets . '' 
In `` Mad Rush , '' which came from a commission to write a piece of indeterminate length ( Mr. Glass charmingly , and tellingly , confessed that `` this was no problem for me '' ) , an A section alternates with a B section several times before the piece ends unresolved . 
They 're more worried about bread on the table . 
Alongside such long-familiar names as Chevrolet , Ford and Dodge are nameplates that did n't exist until three years ago : Acura , Sterling , Hyundai . 
Columbia , S.C . 
Mr. Durkin doubts that `` there is some magic level '' at which the ratio of installment debt to disposable income `` indicates economic problems . '' 
Among other conditions , the offer depends on the Dow unit acquiring at least 66 2\/3 % of the PSE shares outstanding , the companies said in a joint statement Friday . 
Dominion Textile Inc. holders adopted a shareholder-rights plan at the annual meeting . 
Assets of Construction Equipment International , Houston , were sold to Essex Crane Inc. , and the assets of Elgin Electronics , Erie , Pa. , were sold to closely held Charter Technologies Inc . 
Debt-Burdened Doctors Seek Financial Security 
Rep. J. Dennis Hastert ( R. , Ill . ) 
He even had sex with one -- sort of , and not intentionally -- as readers learned in his `` Communion '' ( a book recently described in the New York Times as a `` nonfiction best seller '' ) . 
Faced with inevitable defeat , the once dominant industry declined any recorded vote on the ban , which covers all but a fraction of 1 % of daily flights in the U.S. . 
Almost all of us in comparable circumstances might be victimized in some way , '' says Jerald Jellison , a psychology professor at the University of Southern California in Los Angeles . 
At $ 1,000 per square foot , the Japanese want the feeling of indestructibility , he explains , not to mention protection from possible earthquake damage . 
The air force is to take at least 250 more . 
Declining issues on the Big Board outstripped gainers 1,141 to 406 . 
The Packwood plan also would include a proposal , designed by Sen. William Roth ( R. , Del. ) , that would create new tax benefits for individual retirement accounts . 
The controls on cooperatives appeared relatively liberal when first introduced . 
Southern Air Transport Inc. won $ 47.5 million in Air Force and Navy contracts for transportation services . 
Apparently a lot , according to the British firm of Deloitte , Haskins & Sells . 
Politics also influences the government 's thinking on the anti-takeover restriction . 
He made his comments before House Banking Committee hearings to investigate what appears to be the biggest thrift disaster in a scandal-ridden industry . 
But U.S. officials said representatives at the meeting decided that this was `` a matter for further discussion at future meetings . '' 
Sun , Hewlett-Packard and others say Intel is n't wholly to blame for the snafu . 
Amex said it would charge me $ 576 a year for $ 100,000 of coverage -- and would pay me back all the premiums I put in if I canceled the policy after 10 years . 
The lawyers went to work anyway , duly noting that the proceeding was taking place during a major earthquake . 
Network-access revenue from long-distance telephone companies increased 6.4 % to $ 618.6 million . 
`` The judge came out and said , ` Quick , let 's put this on the record , ' '' says Sandy Bettencourt , the judge 's court reporter . 
Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corp. -- $ 500 million of Remic mortgage securities being offered by Prudential-Bache Capital Funding Inc . 
Analysts expect the prices of live cattle futures contracts to rise in trading today in the wake of a government quarterly census that found fewer-than-expected cattle on feedlots . 
Sales of North American-built cars and trucks plunged 20.5 % in mid-October from a year earlier , as domestic manufacturers paid the price for heavy incentives earlier this year . 
Eventually we came to rest in a soggy patch of field where we had the exquisite pleasure of scrambling out of the basket into the mud while the French half of our ballooning tag team scrambled in . 
`` The pilot program was received well ( by teachers and students ) , but there was n't reason enough to sign up . 
`` Government continues to inhibit the productivity of our citizenry and the international competitiveness of American business , '' the vice president declared when he was head of the task force . 
Such loans often are used to finance leveraged buy-outs , and the agency is worried that a sharp market drop could create capital problems for the firms . 
In the fibers division , profit remains weak , largely because of persistent overcapacity . 
Same-store sales for Pizza Hut rose about 13 % , while Taco Bell 's increased 22 % , as the chain continues to benefit from its price-value strategy . 
After a slick redesign , the two-year-old magazine has been relaunched this month by its parent company , Keizaikai Corp. , the Tokyo-based company with interests that include financial services , book publishing and a tourist agency . 
CML , Acton , Mass. , had agreed to sell the unit to Reebok for about $ 42 million . 
`` This is a pre-emptive strike by Foothills , '' said Rick Hillary , natural gas manager of the Calgary-based Independent Petroleum Association of Canada , an industry group . 
Dr. Grossman , who also is president of New England Medical Center Hospitals in Boston , noted that the hospitals he runs deal with more than 100 utilization management firms and that many of them have different procedures and requirements . 
If there 's something ' weird and it do n't look good . 
The dollar and bond prices also closed higher . 
Santa Fe Pacific was the kind of story Wall Street loved . 
At the low end , investors can spend $ 15,000 or more to own a racehorse in partnership with others . 
Mr. Paul thus developed a close , symbiotic relationship with Sotheby 's . 
Enfield is a holding company with interests in manufacturing concerns . 
When First Interstate balked , arguing that the figure was too high , regulators responded by raising their recommendation to $ 350 million . 
Mr. Wohlstetter , for example , said he wrote to Big Board Chairman John J. Phelan Jr. about program trading after the 190-point Dow plunge , and as in previous queries , `` what I get back is gobbledygook . '' 
In this respect , it would be helpful if our political leaders were mute , rather than eloquently `` concerned . '' 
For the nine months , Valley National posted a net loss of $ 136.4 million , or $ 6.90 a share . 
The potential bill : more than $ 600 million for several seasons , an 80 % jump . 
`` I think we could very well have { an economic } slowdown , beginning very soon if not already , '' he says . 
Its Opel line has a solid image and a recent string of highly successful new models , but it lacks Jaguar 's cachet . 
CERTIFICATES OF DEPOSIT : 8.05 % one month ; 8.02 % two months ; 8 % three months ; 7.98 % six months ; 7.95 % one year . 
Republicans countered that long-range revenue estimates were unreliable . 
This week , New York City announced a 10-point policy patterned on the federal bill of rights for taxpayers . 
These include , among other parts , each jetliner 's two major bulkheads , a pressure floor , torque box , fixed leading edges for the wings and an aft keel beam . 
The consensus from the scientific community is that there is sufficient evidence to advise major policy changes . 
George Marshall 's ghost is much more difficult to keep happy . 
`` Their opinion is devoid of the wisdom of the forefathers ' teaching regarding impeachment , '' Mr. Hastings said . 
Joseph W. Robertson , 61 , was dismissed from those posts , the company said . 
`` There 's probably going to be some pressure on occupancy and room rates over the next year , but after that you should see the market return to 80%-plus occupancy and regular rates , '' says Paul Rubeli , casino executive at Ramada Inc. , which runs the Tropicana . 
But the EC reacted defiantly , arguing that the proposal 's main aim is to destroy the Common Agricultural Policy , the EC 's $ 28 billion-a-year price support program . 
( Ms. Ohlman , the Grand Rapids masseuse , says she has heard the odd-looking contraption compared to something out of the Spanish Inquisition . ) 
Allstate Insurance Co. , a unit of Sears , Roebuck & Co. , said about 23 % of its personal property policyholders -- about 28 % in the San Franciso area -- also have earthquake coverage . 
For the nine months , net income rose 48 % to $ 124.2 million , or $ 1.41 a share , from $ 83.8 million , or 96 cents a share a year earlier . 
There have been reports for months that the city 's economy is weakening , as the October 1987 stock market crash continues to make itself felt . 
EARNINGS : 
`` It helps to point out how many important people came through Cleveland on their way to the top , '' says George Miller , executive director of the New Cleveland Campaign , a nonprofit organization devoted to citing the city 's strengths . 
Many of Wednesday 's winners were losers yesterday as investors quickly took profits and rotated their buying to other issues , traders said . 
Unease is widespread among exchange members . 
By analyzing cells extracted from eye tumors , they found defects in the second copy of chromosome 13 in the exact area as in the first copy of the chromosome . 
`` The industry will create industrial products such as displays for work stations and medical diagnostic equipment before it acquires a mass consumer market . '' 
Similarly , a group of companies led by Chevron Corp. has been unable to pump oil found off the California coast in the early 1980s . 
Charles A. Pearce , 66 years old , will retire from his post as chief executive officer of this bank holding company effective Dec. 31 . 
When Mr. Paul moved in on the art market , he let it be known that virtually no piece was too costly to be considered by CenTrust . 
We hear that HUD Secretary Jack Kemp is toying with going along with some of the Cranston-Mitchell proposals . 
The spokeswoman said the company does n't have a timetable for the sale , adding that the board 's decision just starts the search for a buyer . 
Delta problems are difficult , not impossible , to solve -- I am just not convinced that we are ready to solve them yet . 
Alternatively , it said it would offer three Paribas shares , themselves eligible for dividends as of next Jan. 1 , for one Navigation Mixte share . 
GENERAL MOTORS CORP. , Detroit , auto maker , annual sales of $ 123.6 billion , NYSE , sustained about 10 injuries to workers and some ruptured water mains at its New United Motor Manufacturing Inc. facility in Fremont , a joint venture with Toyota Motor Corp . 
In the derivative market , insurance companies have scaled back their purchases of Remic securities , or real estate mortgage investment conduits , as they assess potential claims from the recent California earthquake and hurricane in the Carolinas . 
The plan , which has been plagued with delays and business-related setbacks , seeks to transform the area from a seedy thoroughfare to a more wholesome office and theater district . 
It was `` the Soviets ' Vietnam . '' 
Profit was $ 5.2 million , compared with $ 1 million for the year-ago quarter . 
The company also disclosed its financial operations had increased reserves for bankrupt accounts , resulting in a $ 40 million pretax charge for the third quarter . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
`` You twist people 's trust . 
Maria Stolzman , one of its farm experts , lays it on the line : `` The World Bank will be brought in to help us destroy the old system . '' 
The volatility inherent in program trading troubled other traders , too . 
It was not until the early 1970s that Cambridge Prof. Harry Whittington and two sharp graduate students began to publish a reinterpretation of the Burgess Shale . 
One of its `` more ambitious goals '' is to get Jaime Escalante , the Los Angeles high-school mathematics teacher featured in the film `` Stand and Deliver , '' to come to Harvard for a guest lecture . 
The new firm , Hutton Ingram Yuzek Gainen Carroll & Bertolotti , will be based in New York . 
Analysts expect the trade gap for the year to surpass $ 2 billion as demand for capital equipment and raw materials continues to push imports higher . 
She only put her foot down twice , '' he continues . 
In a July 6 letter to the Senate Securities Subcommittee , First Boston Corp. argued that the fact that no retail brokerage firm failed during the 1987 market crash demonstrates that current rules are adequate . 
A sales tax increase appears to be the fastest and easiest to raise funds in a hurry . 
Earlier this month the St. Louis Fed held a conference to assess the system 's first 75 years . 
By 1973 , the U.S. was bringing in two million barrels of Arab oil a day , more than 10 % of the 17.3 million barrels consumed daily . 
The company 's president quit suddenly . 
Vandenberg and Rayburn were wise enough to leave specific operations to presidents ; modern senators , Mr. Boren notwithstanding , are less modest . 
Currently , the company has about six million common shares outstanding . 
Investors can be assured now that this kind of problem can never occur again . '' 
Sen. Strom Thurmond ( R. , S.C . ) protests pending legislation to end the preference that the federal prison system gets in selling prisoner-made furniture and other goods to government agencies . 
Still , says Mr. Lee : `` We need to educate people that they need to get to a phone somehow , some way , to let someone know what their status is . '' 
At the recent meetings of the World Bank and International Monetary Fund , the Bush administration announced its intention to decide by yearend the size of the next increase in the IMF 's capital base . 
As the building 's new owner , Chase will have its work cut out for it . 
Net outflows from Fidelity 's stock funds stood at less than $ 300 million , or below 15 % of the $ 2 billion cash position of the firm 's stock portfolios . 
Holiday Corp. said net income jumped 89 % , partly on the strength of record operating income in its gaming division . 
Living in Hong Kong , he says , made him sensitive to the limits on food , power and water supplies . 
The figures show that spending rose 0.1 % in the third quarter from the second quarter and was up 3.8 % from a year ago . 
In response to a shareholder 's suggestion , Mr. Greenberg agreed that European firms will simply pick up the index-arbitrage business left behind by U.S. institutions . 
Mr. Whittle said that so far , three of the six schools that carried the program in a five-week test last spring have subscribed to the program . 
Increased patrolling of business zones makes sense because urban crime is heavily concentrated in such `` hot spots '' of pedestrian density . 
That done , Ms. Volokh spoke with rampant eloquence about the many attributes she feels she was born with : an understanding of food , business , Russian culture , human nature , and parties . 
As part of the agreement with the state , the developers -- a partnership of Park Tower Realty and Prudential Insurance Co. of America -- said they would not proceed with condemnation proceedings while there was `` significant litigation '' pending . 
The protesters who greeted Mikhail Gorbachev at East Berlin 's airport earlier this month were n't shouting `` Go U.S.A '' -- they were chanting `` Gorby , Help Us . '' 
INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS MACHINES Corp , Armonk , N.Y. , maker of business machines , NYSE , said flooding caused by broken water pipes closed its San Jose plant , which makes high-end data-storage devices . 
Nor is the group likely to come forward with a revised offer within the next 48 hours despite the hopes of many traders . 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
The filing , made yesterday in U.S. Bankruptcy Court here , follows an agreement by L.J. Hooker Corp. , Merksamer 's owner , to sell the chain to management for an undisclosed price . 
Wall Street is seething over the rules , which would curtail the tax deductibility of debt used in most LBOs . 
The results reflect a reversal in the fortunes of the regions during the past two years . 
There was very slow play on the market today , They were selling and buying by halves ; Instead of trading like Bears and Bulls , They behaved like cubs and calves . 
Although it is having serious cash-flow problems , Bay said the fair-market value of its holdings , minus debt , was equal to $ 6.02 a share at June 30 based on a recent appraisal . 
While the agency has done well in many parts of the world , its flagship New York office has had a dismal track record recently ; it has won few new accounts while losing big ones , including Maxwell House . 
While Steppenwolf was in London with `` The Grapes of Wrath , '' Bruce Sagan , the president of its board of directors , quietly returned to Chicago to buy a piece of real estate in the city 's rapidly reviving North Halsted Street restaurant and theater district . 
Louisiana Pacific and Georgia Pacific said a number of other analysts are recommending them because of their strong wood-products business . 
One early user , David Semmel , a Chicago venture capitalist and investor in Desktop Data , says he uses it to track takeover developments . 
Japanese domestic institutions , including trust banks and investment management firms , that had been on the sidelines during Monday 's fall were back in the market , analysts said . 
A spokesman said Amoco completed an environmental analysis last quarter but that no single clean-up project was responsible . 
The office , an arm of the Treasury , said it does n't have data on the financial position of applicants and thus ca n't determine why blacks are rejected more often . 
Some analysts predict that disappointment in Mr. Gandhi 's spent pledge to reduce corruption and heavy-handed local government will crest at the polls . 
Mr. Andersson insists that Trelleborg and Noranda have n't discussed a Falconbridge break-up . 
MADD did n't learn of the fund raising until the couple sent it a check for $ 613 , along with a letter saying that was the charity 's `` share . '' 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Last Monday , he started `` buying the high-quality growth companies that people were throwing away at discount prices . '' 
Mr. Conway , 42 years old , was elected chairman , president and chief executive of Manhattan Life Insurance Co. and president and chief executive of Manhattan National Life Insurance Co . 
Supporters acknowledge that the process aims to manipulate , but they insist that the best trial lawyers have always employed similar tactics . 
Sales of parts for cars and construction vehicles rose . 
For the past year or two , the carpet division 's operating profit margins have hovered around 5 % , high by industry standards , but disappointing compared with the 13 % to 19 % margins for two of Armstrong 's chief businesses , flooring and building products . 
It 's an optimistic move in a industry already facing world-wide overcapacity . 
K mart Corp. agreed to acquire Pace Membership Warehouse Inc. for $ 23 a share , or $ 322 million , in a move to expand its presence in the rapidly growing warehouse-club business . 
The industry had shown signs of recovery this summer , after the central bank began to relax its clamp on credit , allowing interest rates to drop a bit after pushing them up for a year . 
Mr. Baker says he has personally bested more than 50 haunts , from aliens to poltergeists . 
So-called jumbo CDs , typically in denominations of $ 90,000 and up , also usually follow T-bills and interest rate trends in general more than those aimed at small investors . 
Mr. Huggins , 39 years old , formerly was controller and chief accounting officer at Harte-Hanks Communications Inc . 
Dealers said players shied away from the note sale because they were concerned that prices at the time of the auction might erode if the stock market staged a recovery , which , in fact , did happen . 
One night both Marshall 's ghost and the shah 's ghost together caught Cap and threw him to the ground . 
Machine tool executives are hopeful , however , that recent developments in Eastern Europe will expand markets for U.S.-made machine tools in that region . 
The country abandoned its former devotion to socialist unity and took to insisting instead that each country in the bloc ought to travel its own road . 
`` We are dealing with real entrepreneurs , '' says Antoni Leopold , an economist who advises Rural Solidarity , the union 's countryside offshoot . 
Elsewhere , share prices closed lower in Zurich , Amsterdam , Milan and Stockholm . 
TW 's junk bonds were n't , as junk bonds go , unusually weak . 
Georgia-Pacific Corp. , exceeding some analysts ' expectations , said third-quarter earnings rose 56 % to $ 178 million , or $ 2.03 a share , from $ 114 million , or $ 1.19 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
The anti-abortionists are urging GOP Gov. Bill Clements to press the issues in a special session scheduled to run Nov. 14 to Dec. 13 . 
The blue-collar worker who decides to start a business will listen and take advice . 
Mr. Lang surprised Time soon after joining forces when he said he would negotiate rates individually with advertisers , a practice common in broadcasting but considered taboo by magazine publishers . 
I have n't seen or talked to him in several years . '' 
The big brokerage houses learned the art of the instant commercial after the 1987 crash , when they turned out reassuring ads inviting investors right back into the stock market . 
The clutter of the 1940s remains , but its color has drained away , and the will to overcome has been defeated . 
`` For many baby boomers , buying a domestic car is a totally foreign experience , '' says Christopher Cedergren , auto-market analyst with J.D. Power & Co. of Agoura Hills , Calif . 
It 's a California crime saga worthy of an Erle Stanley Gardner title : The Case of the Purloined Palm Trees . 
`` The reason this is getting so much visibility is that some started shipping and announced early availability , '' said Hewlett-Packard 's Mr. Archuleta . 
Under the circumstances , Dataproducts said , Mr. Tomash said he was unable to devote the time required because of other commitments . 
SciMed said the appeals court remanded the case back to the district court for further proceedings . 
But when the market moves against the fund , investors lose more than other junk holders because the market decline is magnified by the amount the fund is leveraged . 
The campaign , a patriotic celebration of the 200th anniversary of the Bill of Rights , does n't mention cigarettes or smoking ; cigarette ads have been prohibited on television since 1971 . 
Because it had bipartisan support . '' 
So the inner-city burial ground is trying to resurrect itself with a television advertising campaign . 
A lower court in St. Paul had ruled in September 1988 that a heart catheter SciMed manufactures does n't infringe on a patent owned by Advanced Cardiovascular Systems , a unit of Eli Lilly & Co . 
The 62-year-old Mr. Dinkins , an ex-Marine , has served as the city clerk and as Manhattan borough president , a job with limited executive responsibilities 
Bolar has denied any wrongdoing . 
The 321-99 roll call vote reflected broad support for the disaster assistance , but the cost to the Treasury is sure to aggravate budget pressures this year and next under the Gramm-Rudman deficit reduction law . 
Ad Notes ... . 
Under a 1981 Missouri law , persons accused of some crimes , including trespassing , may offer a defense that their actions were justified `` as an emergency measure to avoid an imminent public or private injury . '' 
Sears is also stepping up its television ads and changing its message . 
Moscow has already tacitly admitted that the ruble is n't worth much , announcing in August that it will pay Soviet farmers in hard currency for grain and other produce that they grow in excess of state-plan quotas . 
The end of the marriage was at hand . 
Mr. Etzioni also suggests forbidding anyone from gathering background information about the jurors . 
Short-term rates rose yesterday at the government 's weekly Treasury bill auction , compared with the previous bill sale . 
Previously , the company advertised at the $ 2 million level . 
He succeeds Roger Kimmel , who resigned last week saying his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA Communications Co. was no longer necessary . 
Venice has sunk 10 inches in this century . 
But at the same time , spending on physician services and ambulatory care have mushroomed . 
Fuel and personnel costs are rising , and tourism in and through Hong Kong remains clouded by China 's turmoil since the June 4 killings in Beijing . 
`` Either way , I have a problem with how quickly he 's changed . '' 
Competition among underwriters and brokers makes them loath to centralize price and policy information . 
But a lower bid could face rejection by the UAL board . 
Combined with recalculations and revisions in other trade areas , the value of U.S. net exports that had not previously been recorded was about $ 20 billion a year . 
They contend that SCI TV 's equity now is worthless . 
Armstrong 's shares , also listed on the Big Board , closed at $ 39.125 , up 12.5 cents . 
At least when the stakes are high , uncertainty in turn results in overinclusion , as individuals do not dare to approach an uncertain line closely . 
The agreement depends on Color Systems ' ability to win similar concessions from other creditors . 
Like West German Chancellor Helmut Kohl , he represents the postwar generation that has grown up during Germany 's division . 
Investors expect these shares will be targets of investment trust funds , which often buy small amounts spread across a wide range of issues . 
Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc. counts under 39,000 workers , down 100 from the start of the year and off 8,500 from after its merger and the market collapse two years ago . 
Including the accesory eye care products , contacts account for $ 2 billion in annual retail sales . 
`` Insurance companies will offer a good rate if no one is sick , but it 's a roll of the dice , '' says Rosemary Heinhold of the Small Business Service Bureau , a group representing 35,000 small businesses nationwide . 
The latter may seem oddly irrelevant , if not downright trivial , given the big picture and the way we have handled it in the nation 's capital has done nothing to dispel that impression . 
Bids totaling $ 475 million were submitted . 
It 's hard to generalize , but age seems to be the best predictor . 
Chase Manhattan Corp. , after trying unsuccessfully to sell its interest in its lower Manhattan operations building , has exercised its option to purchase the 50-story office tower . 
Pace rose $ 2.625 to close at $ 22.125 a share in national over-the-counter trading . 
Airlines tried to restrict the program substantially by limiting the offer to certain days of the week , but it still was apparently used far more heavily than the airlines expected . 
`` But we certainly like what we 've seen so far . '' 
Sales by category rose 24 % to 35.23 billion yen , reflecting increased production in automobile , airconditioner and electric machine industries , which are major users of wire and cable products . 
Cane & Associates touts its $ 2-a-minute service as the `` cheapest legal hour you 'll ever find . '' 
Scientists call the new class of genes tumor-suppressors , or simply anti-cancer genes . 
In asset terms , Mitsubishi Estate is the largest real estate firm in Japan . 
Intel Corp. 's most powerful computer chip has flaws that could delay several computer makers ' marketing efforts , but the `` bugs '' are n't expected to hurt Intel and most computer makers . 
One Wang salesman who left the company in July recalls that when he tried to sell products to Eastman Kodak , he worked `` to muster support from internal allies , '' but `` those allies became skeptical as they saw the downtrend . 
Assuming full operation of the Seabrook nuclear power plant , which is completed but is n't yet operating , equity holders would receive up to $ 500 million in cash , preferred stock and new 10-year Seabrook bonds . 
The open-year accounting practice `` is widely recognized within Lloyd 's as of serious concern '' to the 31,329 member investors , who underwrite insurance at Lloyd 's in return for premium and investment income , Lloyd 's said . 
A dangerous buildup this year of billions of dollars in inter-company debts threatens , if unchecked , to bring the economy to a collapse . 
Many of the enthusiastic young `` Moonies '' of the Nixon era who remained faithful to Father Moon are now parents , producing new members by procreation rather than conversion . 
In an apparent warning to currency traders who have lately been selling the British currency , he stated that the exchange rates will have a `` major role in the assessment of monetary conditions . '' 
Terms were n't disclosed . 
He added : `` Banks must open their books . '' 
NBC 's re-creations are produced by Cosgrove-Meurer Productions , which also makes the successful prime-time NBC Entertainment series `` Unsolved Mysteries . '' 
The economy is decelerating after six good years , and `` right now it 's better to shoot first and ask questions later . '' 
Although analysts do n't expect the Federal Reserve to ease credit policy soon , reports like those yesterday help build the case for lower rates . 
The company said net rose to 38 cents a share in its fiscal-first quarter ended Sept. 30 , from 35 cents a shares a year ago . 
On Oct. 3 , following conversations with Secretary of State James Baker , Soviet Foreign Minister Eduard Shevardnadze arrived in Managua to acclaim `` Nicaragua 's great peace efforts . '' 
Cray has indicated it will decide on whether to build such a machine before year end . 
`` I firmly believe in angels , devils and ghosts , '' says Mr. Warren , whose business card identifies him as a `` demonologist . '' 
Luis Nogales , 45 years old , has been elected to the board of this brewer . 
David Sanders , a longtime pilot , bristles at the mere suggestion that a union might tamper with his flight schedule . 
Universal Studios was working on a competing film , but the studio and its producers ultimately agreed to co-produce the film with Guber Peters and Warner . 
Jason Overseas Ltd. , initial offering of four million common shares , of which 3.2 million will be sold in the U.S. , and the balance outside the U.S. , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. and Mabon , Nugent & Co . 
`` It 's an experience they do n't want to repeat . '' 
For the 264 insolvent thrifts under government management at the end of August , assets declined by $ 3.3 billion and withdrawals exceeded deposits by $ 1.2 billion . 
He insisted , as he has before , that creditors would be paid in full under the plan . 
Still , the school says there are an ample number and pay is up to $ 7.20 an hour from $ 6.90 last year . 
It noted that last July , Nippon Telegraph & Telephone Corp. of Japan selected AT&T to supply $ 154 million of such equipment over a four-year period starting next year . 
Mr. Sulzberger said the scheduled opening of a new color-printing plant in Edison , N.J. , in 1990 would involve heavy startup and depreciation costs . 
A few years ago , parents usually had to hire a sitter or take turns skiing while one spouse stayed with the children . 
The bugs will cause problems in `` specific and rare circumstances that will not occur in typical applications '' such as word-processing and spreadsheets , said Michael Slater , editor of the Microprocessor Report , an industry newsletter . 
These campaign problems have echoed difficulties Mr. Dinkins has run into before . 
Officials at Carnival declined to comment . 
Earlier this month , Mr. Icahn boosted his USX stake to 13.4 % . 
Mr. Wilkinson , 45 years old , succeeds Thomas A. Bullock , 66 , who is retiring as chairman but will continue as a director and chairman of the executive committee . 
A Christie 's spokeswoman said that while the auction house sometimes waives its seller 's commission to attract art works -- it still gets a commission from the buyer -- Christie 's wo n't offer financial guarantees because `` Christie 's believes its primary role is as an auction house , and therefore as an agent { for buyer and seller } , not as a bank . 
One top U.S. expert on East Germany added : `` There is no clear-cut champion of reform , that we know of , in the East German leadership . '' 
This corporate glasnost is a big reason Nissan , after years of making lackluster cars and lousy profits , has loosened up its rigid ways and now is riding a string of hits , ranging from the sleek Maxima sedan and Porsche-like 300ZX to the whimsically nostalgic Pao , a minicar sold only in Japan . 
Pittston seeks changes in health and pension benefits , among other things . 
Allianz did n't say whom , if anyone , it will support . 
In late 1987 , P&G asked the FDA for approval to market Metamucil as the first non-prescription , cholesterol-lowering product in the 
But what we may not know is just what makes somebody a sucker . 
Those enterprises , however , are not going to be privatized . 
It 's the line-item veto , a procedure that would allow the president to kill individual items in a big spending bill passed by Congress without vetoing the entire bill . 
Block 's tax-preparation business is mature , they say , and some of its diversifications are facing tough competition . 
In addition , Sony is expected to agree to swap Columbia 's 35 % stake in the sprawling Burbank , Calif. , studio that Warner and Columbia share , in exchange for the old MGM studio lot that Warner acquired with the purchase of Lorimar Telepictures Corp . 
He noted , however , that the company 's order entry has increased from the low levels of the early summer , following the end of labor negotiations . 
`` I 'm the guy who made him head of New York , head of the U.S. , president of North America , and recommended him { to Mr. Sorrell } as my successor . 
They attached a second gene , for herbicide resistance , to the pollen-inhibiting gene . 
London share prices were influenced largely by declines on Wall Street and weakness in the British pound . 
For instance , the most popular index option is the S&P 100 option , commonly called the OEX . 
He altered the wording to win Mr. Greenspan 's endorsement . 
The SPCA says it has received more than 100 requests for foster homes on behalf of dogs and cats , though some people have sought temporary homes for birds and fish . 
Revenues climbed 18 % to $ 289 million from $ 245.3 million . 
And we 'll raise it through existing shareholders '' as well as through junk bonds , said Anthony Simonds-Gooding , the private consortium 's chief executive . 
And they wo n't consider such a dividend , the trust added , before results are available for the first quarter of 1990 . 
The State Department said it has n't yet seen copies of those papers . 
The next day , as she prepares a $ 10,000 check for the Hammacks , which will cover the cost of demolishing the house and clearing away the debris , she jumps at the slightest noise . 
`` Now the interest is in what else can I do with that money . '' 
Less objectionable ones would be subject only to some restraints , and others with a `` relatively minor trade impact '' would be allowed to continue under certain conditions . 
Marsh & McLennan Cos. said it agreed to acquire the rest of Gradmann & Holler , a leading West German insurance brokerage firm in which it has held a 15 % stake for 15 years . 
Crude oil prices ended mixed . 
The ministers are to reshape NATO 's defenses in Western Europe amid fast-paced changes in the Soviet bloc . 
`` People are looking past supply to lower interest rates , but they 're also worried about being whipsawed by the volatility in the stock market . '' 
DAYAC : 
One of them , a daughter Ariel , died a year ago at age seven after her parents unsuccessfully pleaded for the drug . 
The shipyard 's 6.5 billion Finnish markka ( $ 1.54 billion ) backlog includes about 20 ships ordered by big international shippers , including three for Carnival Cruise Lines Inc . 
Profit from continuing operations in the year-earlier period was $ 402.7 million . 
Already , local Missouri judges have relied on the restored preamble in two separate cases to throw out criminal trespass charges against anti-abortion demonstrators who blocked access to Reproductive Health Services , an abortion clinic in St. Louis . 
NEW ACCOUNT : 
This is partly due to the particular demands of the crop . 
The Dallas oil and gas concern said that $ 10 million of the facility would be used to consolidate the company 's $ 8.1 million of existing bank debt , to repurchase 4 million of its 4.9 million shares outstanding of Series D convertible preferred stock , and to purchase a 10 % net-profits interest in certain oil and gas properties from one of its existing lenders , National Canada Corp . 
`` This is a good move , but it only gets you to where people 's expectations already are , '' in terms of earnings growth , said Joel D. Gross , an analyst with Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette . 
`` We did n't rubber-stamp everything that came to us , '' Mr. Lynch says . 
The project has been in and out of the pipeline for more than a decade . 
Next year `` looks dismal , '' said analyst Paul Luber of Robert Baird & Co. , Milwaukee . 
The index is based on 1980 equaling 100 . 
`` He started building the files that helped him gain power . '' 
That puts the real strategic decisions in the hands of others : bean counters , budgeteers , and pork-barrelers . 
The House version of the bill does include the tax cut . 
About half of Western Digital 's business is overseas , and Mr. Johnson expects that proportion to continue . 
Many workers , especially professionals , want to remain independent to avoid tax withholding and to continue to deduct many expenses that employees ca n't . 
Mr. Allen , however , does n't think that Japan is about to embark on a major buying binge . 
The guidelines could foil future arrangements similar to the deal behind Lithox Inc. , a Salem , Mass. , start-up , says Robert Daly , a managing partner of TA Associates , a venture-capital firm . 
He remains chairman , but wields little power at the company . 
Pharmaceuticals made across-the-board advances . 
The discovery of the ozone `` hole '' over Antarctica and the results of ground-based and high-altitude aircraft experiments conducted over the past several years serve as evidence that ozone depletion is related to CFC concentrations . 
Public preference is important , So product names should match up , And firms that find they 're lagging behind Should now take steps to ketchup ! 
If you 're going to take the risk in this market , you want something extra . '' 
New construction contracting climbed 8 % in September to an annualized $ 274.2 billion , with commercial , industrial and public-works contracts providing most of the increase , according to F.W. Dodge Group . 
Mr. Brown , meanwhile , believes `` only one tax will be feasible , and it will be a one-penny sales tax increase , '' said Chuck Dalldorf , an aide . 
`` We had heard from people who had n't been active '' for a long time . 
Reports in the West German press , citing sources in East Germany , suggest Mr. Krenz may serve only as a bridge between Mr. Honecker and a genuine reform leader . 
In composite trading yesterday on the New York Stock Exchange , AT&T shares closed at $ 43.375 , up 87.5 cents . 
The patients began receiving EPO injections about a month before their scheduled surgery . 
RADIO : 
He noted that the equity markets will set the tone for the industrial metals this week and traders should keep an eye on Wall Street . 
Besides sacking other senior Politburo officials who allied themselves with Mr. Honecker , Mr. Krenz could loosen controls on the news media , free up travel restrictions , and establish a dialogue with various dissident groups . 
Net Gain 
The new Financial Accounting Standards Board ( FASB ) was created in 1972 to replace the Accounting Principles Board of the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants . 
Chairman Thomas S. Murphy cited Capital Cities ' nine daily newspapers in explaining most of the gain . 
The move was meant to keep a lid on interest rates and to boost investor confidence . 
He recommended that the company file for protection under Chapter 11 of the U.S. Bankruptcy Code before the MCA deadline , according to a source familiar with the sessions . 
American Medical has agreed to the offer , but earlier this month said it had received new `` expressions of interest '' from two previous bidders . 
Albert Engelken and Robert Thomson had never met , though for 38 years their lives had been intertwined in a way peculiar to the sports world . 
Undoubtedly Mr. Bush will be praised by some Latin leaders prone to pay lip service to nonintervention , while they privately encourage more assertive U.S. action to remove Gen. Manuel Noriega and safeguard their countries from a Sandinista onslaught . 
Nevertheless , the Bush administration agreed to the dubious arrangement in July , a few weeks before the Central American presidents met in Tela , Honduras , to discuss a timetable for disbanding the anti-Sandinista rebels . 
Nothing much has changed -- My periodic scares Are still from hostile animals , Only now , they 're bulls and bears . 
October was an edgy month for the practitioners of glasnost , the official Soviet policy of allowing more candor from the nation 's media . 
We do n't believe it . 
But , by allowing BT Securities Inc. to handle private placements , the Fed boosted the volume of new types of underwriting that the unit can do . 
Ralph Brown was 31,000 feet over Minnesota when both jets on his Falcon 20 flamed out . 
The trend drove up the aftertax margin -- net income as a percentage of revenues -- to 21.1 % in the quarter , compared with 20.7 % a year earlier . 
Same store-sales for Kentucky Fried Chicken , which has struggled with increased competition in the fast-food chicken market and a lack of new products , rose only 1 % . 
`` If you 're for paying the claims ... I do n't know how anyone can oppose this . '' 
At the movies today In detail you see What the prof would n't show In Physiology Three . 
Sixty percent of the fund will be invested in stocks , with the rest going into bonds or short-term investments . 
The Packwood proposal would reduce the tax depending on how long an asset was held . 
The Soviets cut a deal with Iran : a future Iranian role in Afghanistan in exchange for Iranian support of Soviet policy . 
The volume of red cells donated by the EPO-treated patients was 41 % higher per donor , the research team representing a number of hospitals and blood banks reported . 
But as the Dinkins campaign hit tough times this month , Andrew Cuomo , the politically seasoned son of the New York governor , is also said to have taken a more active role on strategy . 
Watson & Hughey has denied the allegations in court ; officials decline to comment further . 
January platinum closed down $ 2.80 an ounce at $ 486.30 , nearly $ 4 above its low for the day . 
The U.S. , as the major drug consumer , should lead this joint effort . 
The market for $ 200 billion of high-yield junk bonds regained some of its footing as the Dow Jones Industrial Average rebounded from Friday 's plunge . 
Americans now can choose among 572 different models of cars , vans and trucks , up from just 408 when the decade began , according to Automotive News , a trade publication . 
KKR would give up a 31 % equity stake to bondholders , while Mr. Gillett would surrender an 8 % stake . 
erembal , the second-largest maker of food cans in France , had 1988 sales of $ 150 million . 
While flying home from those discussions , Mr. Bush drafted a letter to Mr. Gorbachev suggesting an informal get-together to precede their formal summit next year . 
Alex Henderson , an analyst at Prudential-Bache Securities , said that while Nashua 's performance this year has been `` atrocious , '' the company nonetheless is attractive as a `` classic breakup candidate because there 's no similarity between its { four } businesses . '' 
But there appear to be few , if any , suitors . 
Rising export sales also contributed to strong growth , Nikon added . 
Where 's this huge amount of investment capital coming from ? 
Anthony J.F. O'Reilly , the company 's chairman , swears by her firm touch , saying regular massages are a balm for his old football injuries . 
He said IBM has not only hurt its short-term revenue outlook but has also been losing money on its leases . 
The Federal Reserve Board 's plan for a `` soft landing , '' he says , requires the Fed to navigate `` an ever-narrowing corridor . '' 
These bonds , now rated single-D , include junk offerings by AP Industries , Columbia Savings ( Colorado ) , First Texas Savings Association , Gilbraltar Financial Corp. , Integrated Resources Inc. , Metropolitan Broadcasting Corp. , Resorts International Inc. , Southmark Corp. and Vyquest Inc . 
Federal health officials are expected today to approve a program granting long-deferred access to the drug AZT for children with acquired immune deficiency syndrome . 
Critical opinion is divided about the success of Benton 's populist defiance of modernist art . 
`` There has to be better coordination on a regulatory basis , '' said Christopher Pedersen , director of trading at Twenty-First Securities Corp . 
Maxwell 's sale of its U.S. printing unit was expected , the last major business to be disposed of in a major reshuffling of assets . 
However , company officials said they plan to take `` no initiatives '' to resurrect the transaction , and `` are n't aware '' of any restructured bid in the making . 
`` We accommodate their choice of names by allowing them to demonstrate '' family affiliation with legal documents , says Jim O'Donnell , a senior vice president . 
A few months ago , Dentsu acquired 69 % of Australian agency Fortune Communication Holdings Ltd. for 5.9 million Australian dollars ( US$ 4.6 million ) . 
A few years ago , the company voluntarily stopped selling `` The Big Ear , '' a powerful microphone . 
The state agency 's figures confirm previous estimates and leave the index at 178.9 , up from 178.5 in August and 173.1 a year earlier . 
We ca n't afford to wait . '' 
Estimated and actual results involving losses are omitted . 
`` I ca n't remember a time when virtually everyone can agree on what the problem is , '' says Mr. Seidman , who heads the AFL-CIO 's department dealing with health matters . 
Under Chapter 11 , a company continues to operate , but is protected from creditor lawsuits while it tries to work out a plan to pay its debt . 
On Friday , one analyst said , rank-and-file workers ratified a new labor agreement ending a three-month strike at the Highland Valley mine in British Columbia . 
Qintex Entertainment , a producer and distributor of television programs most noted for its co-production of the hit miniseries `` Lonesome Dove , '' said it filed for Chapter 11 protection after Qintex Australia failed to provide it with $ 5.9 million owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of `` The New Leave It to Beaver Show . '' 
Refcorp , created by the thrift-overhaul law enacted in August , will use the proceeds to merge or sell off ailing savings-and-loan institutions . 
What next for the crusty FBI agent with the heart of gold ? 
But with sales growth sluggish and other men 's stores putting on the heat , the venerable retailer can no longer afford such a smug attitude . 
Short interest on the New York Stock Exchange declined for the second consecutive month , this time 4.2 % , while the American Stock Exchange reported its third consecutive record month of short interest . 
But industry executives say businesses seem especially inclined to dump mailers sent to titles rather than to individual names . 
But the total of all those pinging balls has created an industry with a reported annual income of 13 trillion yen ( almost $ 92 billion ) , or nearly the size of Japan 's vaunted automobile industry . 
James Morgan 's pick for October -- Dynascan -- is a substantial 35 % riskier than the market portfolio ; his lauded Thermo Electron pick is 40 % riskier . 
Mr. Nakamura cites the case of a customer who wants to build a giant tourism complex in Baja and has been trying for eight years to get around Mexican restrictions on foreign ownership of beachfront property . 
Two weeks ago , viewers of several NBC daytime consumer segments started calling a 900 number for advice on various life-style issues . 
But the guidelines could `` make it impossible to commercialize research , '' says Kenneth Smith , associate provost and vice president for research at Massachusetts Institute of Technology . 
Nikko 's Mr. Conlon fears a huge wave of Treasury borrowing early next month will drive down Treasury bond prices . 
Big Board short interest fell 4.2 % for the month ended Oct. 13 , the second decline in a row . 
Cotton Inc. will spend nearly $ 2 million on broadcasting on Thanksgiving Day alone , advertising on such programs as `` Good Morning America , '' `` Macy 's Thanksgiving Day Parade '' and the NFL holiday game . 
Plain-vanilla funds have become so commonplace that fees they can charge have plunged to almost nothing , and in some cases are just that . 
Eagle also said it received a commitment for as much as $ 8 million in financing from Norfolk Capital Group Inc . 
After a wonderfully frivolous early childhood , they are exposed to rigid discipline as soon as they enter school . '' 
The consequences of building empires with sand are showing up . 
Lisa Raines , a lawyer and director of government relations for the Industrial Biotechnical Association , contends that a judge well-versed in patent law and the concerns of research-based industries would have ruled otherwise . 
In major market activity : Bond prices rose . 
There already are proposals pending in Congress to overhaul pesticide law . 
Generally , it takes five business days to transfer stock and to take the other steps necessary to settle a trade . 
Ms. Bettner covers personal finance from The Wall Street Journal 's Los Angeles bureau . 
Under the terms , Milton Roy will pay an initial $ 4 million for the operations and additional payments during the next four years based on the earnings performance of the businesses . 
He is in Warsaw to open a shop . 
West Germans get glitz , with bourbon in the foreground and a posh Beverly Hills hotel in the background . 
Commercial paper holders have reinvested their funds , he said , and consumer deposits have been up in the last few days . 
September orders for machine tools rebounded from the summer doldrums , but remained 7.7 % below year-earlier levels , according to figures from NMTBA -- the Association for Manufacturing Technology . 
But the ice-core samples are n't definitive proof that the so-called greenhouse effect will lead to further substantial global heating , Mr. Thompson acknowledged . 
He asserts that some directors , who have joined forces with company founder James Patterson , have ties to Wendy 's , a competing hamburger chain . 
Though for some magazines categories a tough advertising climate persists , the industry in general is doing well compared with the newspaper industry . 
Average daily trading volume : 179,032 shares 
Consider the New America High Income Fund . 
Denied a vote on substance , the GOP leadership in the Senate on Friday morning was confronted with a hard choice . 
In major market activity : Stock prices rose in light trading . 
The $ 2.85 billion package incorporates $ 500 million for low-interest disaster loans , $ 1 billion in highway construction funds , and $ 1.35 billion divided between general emergency assistance and a reserve to be available to President Bush to meet unanticipated costs from the two disasters . 
My younger daughter and I are fine . 
Aid was also the gist of the talks Sen. Dodd had with Salvadoran President Alfredo Cristiani ; Mr. Cristiani 's government is very much at the mercy of U.S. largess and is forced to listen very carefully to Sen. Dodd 's likes and dislikes . 
Many plant floors currently resemble a Tower of Babel , with computers , robots and machine tools that generally speak their own language and have trouble talking to each other . 
`` It 's Russian . 
In the first six months of this year , Berlitz posted net income of $ 7.6 million on sales of $ 106.2 million , compared with net income of $ 8.2 million on sales of $ 90.6 million . 
As a Republican in an overwhelmingly Democratic city , Mr. Giuliani has an inherent handicap . 
Revising employee manuals on pensions , health care and other subjects costs over $ 25,000 a year for Bert Giguiere , president of Professional Agricultural Management Inc. , a Fresno , Calif. , provider of business services to farmers . 
Another challenges Merrill Lynch 's bond recommendation last year . 
Recent prices for cocoa have been near levels last seen in the mid-1970s . 
In the San Francisco area , roughly 800,000 barrels a day of crude , about a third of all the refining capacity in California , is processed daily , according to industry data . 
Interest payments on the bonds will be payable semiannually . 
In addition to aircraft from Boeing Co. , Cathay announced earlier this year an order for as many as 20 Airbus A330-300s . 
The Wilmington , Mass. , garment service company also boosted its quarterly dividend 20 % to three cents a share adjusted for the split . 
And there will be a nurse 's station and rooms for children to meet with social workers . 
Mr. Bush had been holding out for a bill boosting the wage floor to $ 4.25 an hour by the end of 1991 , coupled with a six-month training wage for workers newly hired by any employer . 
The memo also chastises the agency for the timing of its announcement Thursday that it would no longer handle the $ 5 million to $ 6 million account . 
Managers learn to spot opportunities to increase customer satisfaction through speed , and shift some responsibility for analyzing , improving and streamlining work processes from themselves to teams of employees . 
The stock market is certainly not too big for the Fed to handle . 
Lawyers will benefit . 
Thanks largely to the continued growth of the U.S. economy , the poverty rate is now substantially lower than the 1983 peak of 15.3 % , but the improvements have been modest in the past couple of years . 
`` This is the best way to transfer technology straight off the campuses of universities . '' 
The government 's startling allegations , filed only days before the scheduled start of a criminal overcharge trial against GE in Philadelphia federal district court , challenge the motives and veracity of the nation 's third-largest defense contractor . 
Mr. Belli , like many other personal-injury lawyers , suspects that the earthquake , which measured 6.9 on the Richter scale , will generate enough lawsuits to keep this city 's personal-injury and construction lawyers busy for quite some time . 
For a while , it looked like the deal -- not to mention the courtroom itself -- was on the verge of collapse . 
The company estimated that losses from Hurricane Hugo reduced net income by 32 cents a share in the most recent quarter . 
For example , first-term members of the House , once the most vulnerable of incumbents , have become virtually immune to defeat . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Recently , a contractor saved her from falling three stories as she investigated what remained of an old Victorian house torched by an arsonist . 
`` We are n't seeing any cold weather here , '' Mr. Bolling said from New York . 
Sales increased 7 % to $ 1.49 billion from $ 1.39 billion . 
( After 1992 , the winter and summer Olympics will be held two years apart , with the revised schedule beginning with the winter games in 1994 and the summer games in 1996 . ) 
`` I had some problem from time to time on the length of time he would take to make up his mind , '' Mr. Ferrer admits , but he maintains that he did n't delay his support of Mr. Dinkins and that he backs the Democratic candidate enthusiastically . 
Some predicted that Nekoosa will end up being owned by a Japanese company . 
The notes are zero-coupon securities and will not pay interest periodically . 
Yesterday , the retailing and financial services giant reported a 16 % drop in third-quarter earnings to $ 257.5 million , or 75 cents a share , from a restated $ 305 million , or 80 cents a share , a year earlier . 
`` The Caterpillar people are n't too happy when they see their equipment used like that , '' shrugs Mr. George . 
The last time Columbia Pictures was looking for a studio chief , they note , Warner released producer David Puttnam from his contract , then took him back after he was subsequently fired by his bosses at Columbia . 
N W Ayer , the New York agency that had handled the account since 1963 , resigned the account about two weeks ago . 
Reebok International Ltd. posted a 35 % increase in third-quarter net income despite a slight decline in sales . 
But it never did let up on the pressure . 
Some of our sources in Thailand say the notorious old Khmer Rouge leader , Pol Pot , has been holed up this summer in Khmer Rouge camps near the Thai-Cambodian border . 
In the first nine months , net rose 21 % to $ 93 million , or $ 4.52 a share , from $ 77 million , or $ 3.62 a share a year ago . 
( Here 's how to interpret a standard deviation figure : Take the expected return and add one standard deviation to it . 
Mr. Dannemiller , 51 , joined Bearings in August 1988 from Leaseway Transportation Corp. , where he was president and chief operating officer . 
Once you 're Miss America , you 're always Miss America . '' 
`` We have n't benefited the shareholder as much as we need to , '' said Edgar Woolard Jr. , Du Pont 's chairman and chief executive officer , in an interview several months before he entered his current position in April . 
Before that , he was an executive with a manufacturing concern . 
Utilities management is a major commercial niche . 
The New York bank holding company 's assets at Sept. 30 climbed to $ 59.4 billion from $ 57.9 billion . 
Neither the Quilted Giraffe nor the Paul Stuart renovation reflects much of Mr. McDonough 's environmental concern . 
Including a sale of stock last February , Mr. Sherry has sold 88 % of his stake in the company this year , according to SEC filings . 
Stelco Inc. said it plans to shut down three Toronto-area plants , moving their fastener operations to a leased facility in Brantford , Ontario . 
`` I consider it one of the stupidest ideas of the 20th century , '' he says . 
Friday , October 27 , 1989 
No one has researched the long-term effects of RU-486 on a woman 's health or fertility . 
`` She can stay there with no heat , but for a parakeet , that can be deadly , '' says Daralee Konowitch , animalcare services manager for the SPCA . 
Comprehensive Care , which terminated its agreement to merge with First Hospital , dropped 7\/8 to 3 7\/8 . 
Campeau , owner of such retailers as Bloomingdale 's , Bon Marche , and Jordan Marsh , sidestepped financial collapse last month after an emergency $ 250 million loan from Olympia & York Developments Ltd. , a Canadian developer and a major shareholder in Campeau . 
A GM spokesman yesterday reiterated the company 's interest in acquiring a minority stake to help Jaguar remain independent . 
It increases employee commitment to the company , with all that means for efficiency and quality control . 
British postal authorities say they have uncovered a large-scale scheme where unscrupulous stamp dealers chemically removed stamp cancellations , regummed the stamps and sold them to U.S. collectors or , in large lots , to British businesses . 
All 20-stocks in the MMI except Exxon , General Motors and Sears were down $ 1 to $ 2 . 
`` We 're trying to take the imagination and talent of our engineers and come up with new processes for industry , '' says Vincent Salvatori , QuesTech 's chief executive . 
China 's last big import binge sent reserves tumbling to $ 10.6 billion in June 1985 from $ 16.6 billion the previous September . 
West Germany 's biggest union , IG Metall , said it is ready to back demands for more pay and shorter hours with strikes against the nation 's automotive , steel and engineering industries . 
All Nasdaq industry indexes finished lower , with financial issues hit the hardest . 
Moody 's Investors Service Inc. last week downgraded the long-term deposit rating of Boston Co. 's Boston Safe Deposit & Trust Co. subsidiary , to single-A-1 from double-A-3 , citing problems in the company 's `` aggressively managed securities portfolio . '' 
He will be in charge of research , equity sales and trading , and the syndicate operation of Rothschild . 
He has argued that such presidential power is necessary to rein in congressional spending . 
In other earthquake-related news , Hambrecht & Quist 's OTC market makers were excused from trading yesterday and its positions were frozen for the day by the National Association of Securities Dealers . 
`` Liquidity has n't returned to the vast middle ground of the market , '' said Mr. Minella of Merrill . 
Analysts said the announcement , the latest in a series of divestitures and restructuring moves , is aimed at improving Southam 's earnings before the expiration in June of a standstill pact with Torstar Corp . 
Peter will take the kernel of that idea and make it grow into something specific ... . '' 
In practice , the attorney general alleged in an affidavit , if an investor had access to cash `` the chances of being turned down by First Meridian were about as probable as being rejected by the Book-of-the-Month Club . '' 
Potash Corp. of Saskatchewan Inc. -- 13 million common shares , via Merrill Lynch . 
Mr. Hoelzer , however , sued Stamford , claiming that the city had abandoned the artwork and that it had waited too long to reclaim it . 
Under a previous buyback program , Inco has purchased 1.7 million of its shares since April . 
During time off , Mr. Roman tends to his garden ; Mr. Phillips confesses to a fondness for , among other things , fast cars and planes . 
Figuring that maybe $ 100,000 to $ 150,000 would do but having no idea of what kind of policy I wanted , I looked at the myriad products of a dozen companies -- and plunged into a jungle of gibberish . 
Year ended April 30 , 1989 : 
In doing so , he neither rejected a socialist planned economy nor embraced the free market . 
The agreement ended a long impasse between the congressional leaders and the White House over the wage issue . 
Upon returning to New York , `` Exhausted , I got into a taxicab , and the woman driver said : ` Americans make better fishermen , ' '' he recalled . 
The average one-year savings-type CD was down to 7.99 % from 8.01 % , according to Banxquote Money Markets , a New York information service that tracks CD yields . 
The dealership dutifully recorded the sale under the name `` Judge O'Kicki . '' 
First Fidelity said non-performing assets increased to $ 482.3 million Sept. 30 from $ 393.1 million June 30 . 
West German insurance giant Allianz AG entered the takeover battle between France 's Cie . Financiere de Paribas and Cie. de Navigation Mixte . 
They are tentatively priced to yield from 6.45 % in 1995 to 7.10 % in 2009 . 
In an interview , he said federal regulators eventually declared one of the loans the state regulator cited to be a total loss , and forced Lincoln to make an $ 18 million downward adjustment on another . 
A one-time write-off for booking nonexistent revenue was partly to blame , but so were lower profits from a stingier contract with the Army and delays in getting paid . 
This is a style of `` visual '' computing that provides three-dimensional , color models of everything from the inside of a house to the latest in women 's fashion . 
Moreover , the earnings were well below analysts ' expectations of about $ 1.16 a share . 
While investigations into lawyer misconduct will remain secret , the public will be notified once a formal complaint is filed against an attorney . 
Junk-portfolio managers raised their cash position to 9.4 % of assets in September from 8.3 % in August . 
Sen. Mitchell is confident he has sufficient votes to block such a measure with procedural actions . 
But in 1988 , it ran into a buzz saw : a Defense Department spending freeze . 
It was the market 's biggest gain since rising more than 7 points on Oct. 19 . 
He acknowledged only one difference with Mr. Reagan -- that the amendment ought to have exceptions for rape and incest as well as to save a woman 's life . 
This is a condensed version of an essay that will appear in the January issue of the Naval Institute Proceedings . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , GTE rose $ 1.25 to $ 64.125 . 
DIG is the vehicle being used to pursue to acquisition . 
Do n't worry . '' 
The Queks control the Hong Leong Group , which has widespread interests in manufacturing , property and finance in both Malaysia and Singapore . 
Judge O'Kicki , a stern and forbidding-looking man , has been a fixture in the local legal community for more than two decades . 
He also plans to get to know clients that Mr. Roman was closer to , such as Lever Brothers , American Express and Seagram . 
Many of the deals involved transactions in which scientific institutions or researchers agreed to commercialize their work in return for an equity stake or royalties . 
Trading in Cineplex Odeon Corp. shares was halted on the New York and Toronto stock exchanges late yesterday afternoon at the company 's request , Toronto Stock Exchange officials said . 
The proposal , however , was immediately rebuffed by Arby 's parent , DWG Corp . 
Mr. Donohoo is scheduled to be sentenced Dec. 11 . 
The TVS spokesman said Mr. Price still holds about an 8 % TVS stake , acquired as part of the MTM acquisition . 
I 'm more favorably impressed by `` no-load life , '' even though it turns out to be low-load life . 
In addition , the government is scheduled to unveil plans for privatizing Philippine Airlines , the national carrier , an effort that lawyer and business columnist Rodolfo Romero calls `` the bellwether of privatization . '' 
For several months , officials at the Federal Aviation Administration and the National Transportation Safety Board have suspected that a metallurgical flaw in the disk led to a crack that ultimately caused the tail engine to break apart in flight . 
`` I think it 's a pretty positive development , '' said Ross Cowan , a financial analyst with Levesque Beaubien Geoffrion Inc. , of the decision to concentrate on groceries . 
IBM , though long a leader in the Japanese mainframe business , did n't introduce its first PC in Japan until five years after NEC did , and that was n't compatible even with the U.S. IBM standard . 
Meanwhile , the average yield on taxable funds dropped nearly a tenth of a percentage point , the largest drop since midsummer . 
Last month , in his boldest move yet , Mr. Andersson and Trelleborg joined forces with Canada 's Noranda Inc. in a joint $ 2 billion hostile takeover of another big Canadian mining concern , Falconbridge Ltd . 
Congress , with a measure of White House complicity , has been manipulating the spending accounts for years under the cover of omnibus appropriations bills . 
Mr. Terra said in the filing that he sold the stock to decrease his position in the Evanston , Ill. , banking concern . 
At the GM stall , they barely looked at a gleaming Cadillac , preferring to talk about cooperation possibilities . 
Refining and marketing operations earned $ 130 million in the quarter this year , compared with earnings of $ 186 million a year earlier that included $ 18 million in charges for environmental programs . 
Investors in B.A.T have been on a roller coaster . 
Mr. Lawson and his European-minded colleagues want the British pound formally tied to the West German mark . 
In China , however , there is n't likely to be any silver lining because the economy remains guided primarily by the state . 
Then add and subtract two standard deviations to get a wider range . 
`` You have to watch out for counterbids , '' said one analyst . `` 
The disorders , which 20 years ago struck middle-age and older people , `` now strike people at the height of productivity , '' says Robert M.A. Hirschfeld , of the National Institute of Mental Health , who spoke at the presentation of the study 's findings . 
Its government still wants to sit in the driver 's seat , set the speed , step on the gas , apply the brakes and steer , with 120 million people in the back seat . 
While he adds that he has no problem with auction houses who sell works in which they have a financial interest , `` It ought not to be hidden in some small print . '' 
Du Pont Co. in a couple of units has installed objective tests based on earnings or return on equity . 
LONDON INTERBANK OFFERED RATES ( LIBOR ) : 8 3\/4 % one month ; 8 11\/16 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % six months ; 8 1\/2 % one year . 
And there 's pride . 
The companies said Pace would ill continue to operate under its present management . 
But most cases of non-violent civil disobedience are not nearly so benign . 
Here are some ideas : 
The dollar gained against most foreign currencies . 
Italy 's trade deficit narrowed to 2.007 trillion lire ( $ 1.49 billion ) in September from 2.616 trillion lire a year earlier , the state statistical office Istat said . 
THE HOUSE votes down a proposal to put pension plans under the control of joint labor-management boards . 
Mr. Bond indicated the consolidated debt figures , which include debt of units such as Bell Group Ltd. , will be published soon in Bond Corp. 's 1989 annual accounts . 
Currently , the company has about 88.1 million common shares outstanding . 
`` A woman ought to have a choice in cases where her life or health are in danger and in cases of rape or incest , '' she proclaims . 
Especially galling for Mr. Steinhardt , say people close to him , is that USAir 's Mr. Colodny wo n't even take his telephone calls . 
The company took a $ 20 million charge in the fiscal first quarter ended April 29 , related to discontinuing the service . 
Profits of Shell , a subsidiary of the Royal Dutch\/Shell Group , tumbled $ 24 million , or 6.6 % , to $ 340 million , despite a gain of $ 30 million from an insurance settlement . 
Producers Don Simpson and Jerry Bruckheimer , who shepherded `` Flashdance '' through several scripts and ultimately produced the movie , bristle when Messrs. Guber and Peters take credit for the film . 
Mr. Boren even spies a silver lining . 
WALL STREET , SHAKE hands with George Orwell . 
SALES TAX RECORDS : 
Paramount Communications Inc. , New York , completed the sale of its Associates Corp. consumer and commercial finance subsidiary to a unit of Ford Motor Co. for $ 3.35 billion . 
`` The overnight success story is part of our culture , and our society puts an emphasis on it with lotteries and Ed McMahon making millionaires out of people , '' says Michael Cunningham , an associate professor of psychology at the University of Kentucky in Louisville . 
Share turnover subsided to 161.5 million . 
Ogilvy under the fastidious Mr. Roman gained a reputation as occasionally being high-handed in its treatment of clients , of preaching what strategy a client should -- indeed , must -- follow . 
The proprietor of Sante West , an aerobics studio in San Francisco 's Marina district , which was hit hard by the earthquake , says , `` People were going nuts the minute we opened , '' three days after the quake . 
`` Communism will reach its final stage of development in a feckless Russo -- corporation-socialist in form , nationalistic in content and Oriental in style -- that will puzzle the world with alternating feats of realism and recklessness ... . '' 
However , that does n't mean they can benefit from the vaccine . 
The new S&L law allows the RTC to issue notes for as much as 85 % of the value of the assets it holds . 
Brokerage firms as a rule do n't comment on their market activity . 
Howard Mosher , president and chief executive officer , said he anticipates growth for the luxury auto maker in Britain and Europe , and in Far Eastern markets . 
The Health Insurance Association of America , an insurers ' trade group , acknowledges that stiff competition among its members to insure businesses likely to be good risks during the first year of coverage has aggravated the problem in the small-business market . 
A year earlier UniFirst earned $ 2.4 million , or 24 cents a share adjusted for the split . 
Japanese auto makers , for example , are increasing their production capacity in the U.S. ; the additional production should , in part , replace imported vehicles with locally manufactured ones . 
The judge came under scrutiny in late 1987 , after the state attorney general 's office launched an unrelated investigation into corruption in Cambria County . 
But traders said the quake had only a minor impact on the trading of California state and local municipal debt . 
We really do know all we need to know , if only we could assimilate this knowledge into our thinking . 
SKILLED WORKERS aplenty are available to cope with earthquake damage . 
On the other hand , Valley National tumbled 24 % after reporting a sizable third-quarter loss . 
But bond investors continue to keep a close watch on the jittery stock market . 
Building them now will require undergirding from the West , and removal of political deadwood , a job that Solidarity has barely started . 
Sung Won Sohn , chief economist at Norwest Corp. , Minneapolis , holds that the recent stock-market volatility `` increases the possibility of economic recession and reinforces the bad news '' from recent trade deficit , employment and housing reports . 
The death toll rose to 63 . 
Getting a grip on the extent of the damages is proving a far more difficult task than what insurers faced after Hurricane Hugo ripped through the Caribbean and the Carolinas last month . 
Whitbread also owns the license to brew and distribute Heineken and Stella Artois beers in Britain . 
Large pockets of poverty still exist . 
Throughout 1988 and this year , I and others in Congress have pressed the U.S. to develop a plan for pushing this `` narcokleptocrat '' out of Panama . 
It rose sharply in the Northeast and Midwest and fell slightly in the South and West . 
She held her fire with her first production at the Trinity earlier this season . 
Japan 's recent political turbulence , Mr. Lee said , may mean Japan will slow market adjustments . 
In early trading in Hong Kong Tuesday , gold was quoted at $ 366.79 an ounce . 
Already , many of the Big Board 's own floor traders are warning that the ESP baskets are risky and not in the best interests of the investing public . 
The Chinese were among 3,372 boat people supposedly from Vietnam who arrived in Japan this year , compared with 219 for all of 1988 , the official said . 
By a rule of thumb of 1.5 new jobs for each new hotel room , Clark County will have nearly 18,000 new jobs . 
Workers , except for senior management , were asked not to report for work yesterday . 
The manufacturers ' association will issue statistics on vehicle exports later this month . 
The administration of federal credit should closely parallel private lending practices , including the development of a loan loss reserve and regular outside audits . 
f - Includes Chevrolet Prizm and Toyota Corolla . 
They continued to represent that to the board , '' said Mr. Lloyd . 
`` A day of reckoning is coming where we think the market will place a high premium on the highest-quality debt issues , and therefore we think the best debt investment is U.S. government bonds , '' says Craig Corcoran of Davis\/Zweig Futures Inc. , an investment advisory firm . 
The derivative mortgage-backed market revived after a brief hiatus as two new Remics totaling $ 850 million were offered and talk circulated about two more issues that could be priced today . 
Fear of the price police could help cool things off in the 1990s . 
When they found it last winter , Dr. Vogelstein was dubious that the search was over . 
The benchmark No. 111 4.6 % bond due 1998 ended on brokers ' screens at a price of 96 , off 0.15 point to yield 5.27 % . 
Fees 2 1\/8 . 
Nissan is the world 's only auto maker currently building vehicles in all three of the world 's key economic arenas -- the U.S. , Japan and Europe . 
In the period ended Sept. 30 , net income rose 90 % to 31.18 billion yen , or 9.34 yen a share , from 16.38 billion yen , or 5.05 yen a share . 
Theoretically , jurors are supposed to weigh the evidence in a case logically and objectively . 
The awards are evidence that Silicon Graphics ' approach to computer graphics is catching on with users of powerful desktop computers , analysts said . 
While not specifically mentioned in the FBI charges , dual trading became a focus of attempts to tighten industry regulations . 
Even some lawyers who have used consultants to their advantage see a need to limit their impact . 
The resort will include the MGM Grand Hotel , a multi-spired , castle-like facility that will include 5,000 rooms and 85,000 square feet of casino space . 
Charleston is historic and aristocratic , as your reporter said , but not haughty , as he suggested . 
For some banks that 10 % ceiling created problems . 
Then the two camps upped the ante : Reports that Chosen Soren had donated directly to JSP members were rapidly countered by statements that the South Korean residents ' organization had long been donating directly to LDP members . 
Eastern 's creditors committee , along with the company , has consistently opposed the pilots ' claim , which if paid would have to come out of money both hope to use to pay off other bankruptcy claims . 
`` The question is unanswerable at this point , '' she says . 
First , economists James Bennett and Thomas DiLorenzo find that GOP senators turn back roughly 10 % more of their allocated personal staff budgets than Democrats do . 
Nonetheless , the $ 36 million issue they floated in 1980 opened at $ 35 and leaped to $ 89 within 20 minutes . 
Futures prices rose modestly , but trading volume was n't very heavy . 
The state gave CenTrust 30 days to sell the Rubens . 
Saudi Arabia , OPEC 's kingpin , also has surfaced as a possible obstacle , some OPEC sources said . 
A frozen mountaintop in Tibet may offer an important clue about whether the Earth is warming perilously . 
Bond Corp. signaled it will focus on building its domestic and international media and communications businesses . 
The tremendous energy of the quake was dissipated by the distance , so that most parts of the valley and the major cities suffered largely cosmetic damage -- broken windows , falling brick and cornices , buckled asphalt or sidewalks . 
Now was that a quarter cup or a half cup ? 
For the private domestic business economy , the bias was a bit over 0.5 percentage point . 
`` The industry has been waiting with bated breath for the machines to come along , '' says David Niles , president of Eleven Twenty Five Productions Inc. , a New York pioneer in high-definition programming . 
IMA also will assume $ 1.4 billion in debt . 
On the surface , the decline in September durable goods -- only 0.1 % -- did n't appear very weak . 
`` Where does that first stimulus go ? '' exclaims SUNY neurologist Paul Maccabee . 
Boeing Co. 's third-quarter profit leaped 68 % , but Wall Street 's attention was focused on the picket line , not the bottom line . 
The world being the nasty place it is , we want Presidents to have the freedom to order operations in which someone might get killed . 
Pacific Telesis says its Pacific Bell unit also was blocking about 50 % of its calls locally . 
The bridge normally carries 250,000 commuters a day . 
For the nine months , Polaroid reported earnings of $ 98.5 million , or $ 1.27 a share . 
It `` is going to sound neat to the dealer except when his 15-day car supply does n't include the bright red one that the lady wants to buy and she goes up the street to buy one , '' a Chrysler spokesman said . 
`` On a stand-alone basis , the network ought to make money , '' he says . 
To find out what red tape riles entrepreneurs most , the Journal asked a completely unscientific , random sample of business owners to fantasize about the forms and regulations they would most like to get lost in the mail . 
Dealers bought the used stamps cheaply from charities , including the Guide Dogs for the Blind Association . 
One broadcasting executive familiar with the project said the co-venture would target stations affiliated with Fox because Fox has the desirable independent stations in most of the key cities . 
CORPORATE DOWNSIZING digs deeper . 
Gold Texas is based in Vancouver , British Columbia , and Crown Resources is based in Denver . 
Among those Mr. Wohlstetter said he has been talking to are Sanford Weill of Primerica Corp. , which is the parent of Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co. ; GTE Corp. 's James Johnson , and ITT Corp. 's Rand Araskog . 
MiniScribe common closed yesterday at $ 1.9375 , down 6.25 cents , and has been trading for several months at less than $ 3 a share . 
The issue by Chicago & North Western is one of the so-called good junk-bond offerings on the new-issue calendar . 
There is little incentive to buy gold because if the stock market goes higher , it may be just a false alarm . 
People like Pa do exist , of course . 
For at least the next six months , however , Avery will continue to pay $ 200,000 a month for management services to a company controlled by Messrs. Peltz and May , according to the proxy material . 
`` The industry is still pretty much in its Wild West days , '' says Scott Stapf , director of investor education for the North American Securities Administrators Association . 
The discount rate on three-month bills rose to 7.52 % for a bond-equivalent yield of 7.75 % . 
Mr. Schwarz , 52 years old , will succeed Daniel P. Davison Feb. 1 , soon after Mr. Davison reaches the company 's mandatory retirement age of 65 . 
The University of California at San Francisco is also circulating a memo among its scientific faculty that will restrict contact with the world of business . 
Although the notes held at a price of 92 to 93 immediately after the reset , they started falling soon afterward . 
For years the five New York exchanges have been talking about cooperating in various aspects of their business in order to improve the efficiency of their operations . 
Labor is upset because many companies are using higher employee insurance premiums , deductibles and co-payments to deflect surging medical costs to workers . 
Frank Lavelle , who at the time was the marketing director for Sperry in Clearwater , Fla. , admitted participating in a scheme to bribe Garland Tomlin , the Navy official . 
The underwriters expect a single-A-minus rating from Standard & Poor 's Corp. , which has the issue under review . 
By move 21 , D.T. had fallen into a deep positional trap . 
ARTICLE I , SECTION 7 , CLAUSE 2 : 
And Donaldson , Lufkin & Jenrette Securities Corp. scrambled to restructure and improve the potential returns on a $ 475 million debenture offering by Chicago & North Western Acquisition Corp. that was still being negotiated late last night . 
The decline in prices cut broadly through the blue-chip issues , as Siemens tumbled 7.5 to 544 , Deutsche Bank plunged 7 to 657 , and the auto makers fell sharply as well . 
In addition , activity at a number of San Francisco-based brokerage houses was curtailed as a result of the earthquake , which knocked out power lines and telephone service throughout the Bay area . 
Euro Disneyland shares made a debut like Snow White yesterday while most of the London stock market looked like it had eaten the Evil Queen 's poisoned apple . 
I find it very difficult to say that . 
Drexel pleaded guilty in September to six felony counts of securities and mail fraud ; it also made a $ 650 million civil settlement with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
The appeals court said there was no evidence that Congress intended to allow the pension agency to consider a company 's creation of new benefit plans as a basis for ordering that company to reassume liability for old plans . 
Including employees of state and local -- but not the federal -- governments , the employment cost index rose 1.6 % in the third quarter , compared with a 1.3 % rise in the same quarter in 1988 . 
That was when the exchange took a new tack by publishing monthly statistics listing the top 15 program trading firms . 
It is always the responsibility of investors to keep track of the orders they have placed . 
Feedlots fatten young cattle for slaughter , so a decline signals a tightening supply of beef . 
Since 1979 , the number of motel rooms has fallen by 17,000 . 
Personal-computer maker AST Research Inc. said it is still studying the situation . 
Mr. Wathen , who says Pinkerton 's had a loss of nearly $ 8 million in 1987 under American Brands , boasts that he 's made Pinkerton 's profitable again . 
Apparently the officials did n't even know the mural was missing until 1980 , when a researcher found that the painting was in Mr. Hoelzer 's studio and questioned school officials about it . 
Small businesses in suburban Chicago are discovering that an area-code switch Nov. 11 -- to 708 from the familiar 312 -- wo n't be without some costs as they alter stationery , among other things , and notify customers . 
For example , the Small Business Administration has had reasonable success in reducing both guarantee rates and default rates in its Preferred Lenders ' Program . 
Also , profit was hurt by the strength of the dollar overseas which negatively affected the company 's currency-exchange rate . 
In addition , some microelectronics companies said they were prepared for tremulous conditions like Tuesday 's . 
Humility Helper 
These programs vary widely , but often require second opinions on proposed surgery , preadmission reviews of elective hospitalizations and reviews of treatment during illnesses or recovery periods . 
Compaq Computer nose-dived $ 8.625 a share , to $ 100 , and pulled other technology issues lower after reporting lower-than-expected earnings after the stock market closed Wednesday . 
USAir fell 2 1\/2 to 40 . 
The U.S. electronics industry estimates that the HDTV market will total about $ 150 billion over the next two decades , with an additional $ 400 billion expected to go for related products . 
The metal and marble lobby of CenTrust Bank 's headquarters is grander than your average savings and loan . 
The unit , which is the holding company for Esselte 's non-Swedish units , accounted for 58 % of sales and 71 % of operating profit last year . 
Analysts noted that over the past 20 years , Mr. Fournier has built his company through astute stock-market activity and has warded off at least three takeover attempts . 
The new money flows into the already top-heavy administrative structure , which busies itself piling more and more paper work on the teachers . 
Despite fears the mine may be partially nationalized by the new Namibian government following next month 's elections freeing the country from South African control , De Beers engineers are working to extend the mine 's productive life for another 25 years , from the current estimate of 10 . 
Domestic wholesale sales rose 11.9 % from a year earlier , while foreign sales jumped 17.3 % , Istat said . 
At $ 250 a share , the group would have to borrow about $ 6.1 billion from banks . 
Democratic counterpart Mitchell , asked to interpret Darman 's threat to make permanent the across-the-board Gramm-Rudman cuts that took effect this week , says , `` I do n't even bother to interpret them . '' 
Dr. Blumenfeld says he 's satisfied that his problem has been resolved . 
FIRST TEACH THYSELF . 
The Tokyo International Film Festival was no match for the Cannes Film Festival in terms of prestige , but it made its mark : It awarded the largest cash prize of any film festival to young and first-time film makers . 
Older properties that still have a 1950s image are also vulnerable . 
He recently told a small group of American businessmen in Moscow that he hoped to sign a general trade agreement with the U.S. , possibly at the 1990 summit . 
In New York Stock Exchange composite trading yesterday , Capital Cities closed at $ 558.50 , down $ 5 . 
And by the early 1980s U.S. capitalists had ample reason to welcome junk bonds , to look the other way . 
Here are price trends on the world 's major stock markets , as calculated by Morgan Stanley Capital International Perspective , Geneva . 
Newport said Mr. Hollander is asking shareholders to retain only one director , James R. Lees , a Newport vice president . 
Mr. Semel , in his affidavit , does n't mention any hugging or congratulating . 
That can reduce returns by a third or more , once local taxes are included , Mr. Lipper says . 
AMDAHL CORP. , Sunnyvale , computer maker , annual sales of $ 1.8 billion , Amex , was closed yesterday and no damage estimates were available . 
Ronald I. Mandle , analyst at Sanford C. Bernstein & Co. , called Citicorp 's venture-capital gains of $ 93 million before taxes `` strong . '' 
Trompe l'oeil painting is meant to fool the eye , but Robert Lawrence Trotter , 35 , of Kennett Square , Pa. , took his fooling seriously . 
Of the agency 's 2,750 staff members , 230 are in the field working on actual projects , such as literacy and oceanographic research . 
The letter of credit typically is not offered by the bank selling the assets to back the securities . 
Safeway Stores Inc. reported a 69 % decline in profit for the fiscal third quarter , but said operating improvements were masked by unusual gains in the year-earlier period . 
This fall , Ford introduced only one new product : A restyled version of its hulking Lincoln Town Car luxury model . 
The complex is to be located in Batangas , about 70 miles south of Manila . 
This market teaches us to be humble . '' 
A Pentagon official said the request was made to give the department `` maximum flexibility '' to deal with the cuts . 
He said the company believed Qintex Entertainment 's financial problems could have been resolved by other means . 
Mutual funds have also been net sellers of junk bonds as junk 's relatively poor performance and negative press coverage have produced `` above-normal '' redemptions by shareholders , Deltec said . 
Trouble is , junk bond prices have been weak for months . 
GMAC Canada Ltd . ( U.S. parent ) -- 150 million Canadian dollars of floating-rate notes due November 1996 , via Banque Paribas Capital Markets Ltd . 
The U.S. indictment charges Ad Ventures was a front used to funnel kickbacks to the then-minister of tourism . 
The sports lineup may add only 1 % to 5 % to a station 's annual profits . 
Gollust , Tierney & Oliver is likely to contribute more than the $ 120 million in equity it had planned on . 
Raymond James & Associates in St. Petersburg , Fla. , lowered its third-quarter earnings estimate for the company , according to Dow Jones Professional Investor Report . 
But in recent years , Mr. Ingersoll began focusing more on expanding his own newspaper empire in partnership with investment banking firm Warburg , Pincus & Co . 
Doubts about the quality of state credit guarantees could reduce the competitive strength of Finnish companies in world markets where financing often is the key to winning orders , analysts warn . 
LONDON LATE EURODOLLARS : 8 11\/16 % to 8 9\/16 % one month ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % two months ; 8 5\/8 % to 8 1\/2 % three months ; 8 9\/16 % to 8 7\/16 % four months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % five months ; 8 1\/2 % to 8 3\/8 % six months . 
These include Jennifer Tilly 's audition to be the Baker Boys ' girl singer . 
This contract , covering about 3,000 hourly production and maintenance workers , is being extended on a day-to-day basis . 
The dollar finished lower . 
Mr. Carey will remain a member of the merchant bank 's board . 
Ford and Chrysler also have exhibits , although theirs are tucked in a separate room with the less-popular automotive parts section . 
Markets -- 
Ms. Tilly of the tweety-bird voice showed great comic promise during her stint as the mobster 's girlfriend on the television show , `` Hill Street Blues . '' 
And last year , Playtex Holdings Inc. went private for about $ 680 million . 
Gold stocks are n't cheap on this basis , either , with many selling for 20 times earnings or more . 
The Thousand Oaks , Calif.-based biotechnology company reported a 97 % increase in revenue to $ 42.5 million for the quarter ended Sept. 30 . 
However , Mr. Davis could pressure the board by asking that the agreement be waived , or letting it be known that he has financing for an offer at a lower price . 
Mr. Covert had to search through law books scattered on the floor of his office yesterday , and Mr. Belli 's courtyard was strewn with bricks . 
But we did n't know just where it was until we completed our data gathering , '' Mr. Mortimer says . 
USX is funneling drilling pipe to steel-hungry Soviet Union . 
The leveraged buy-out firm of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts & Co. , which owns 46 % of the common equity of SCI TV , indicated in the debt plan that it would reduce its equity stake to 15 % , giving the rest of its stake to bondholders in the restructuring . 
Many economists expect the weakness to continue . 
In fact , several London markets already offer lower costs for trading in the same or very similar contracts . 
There were many more . 
Howard Stein , chairman of Dreyfus Corp. , said the fund was about half invested in government bonds on Oct. 13 , and about 10 % in cash . 
Democracy can be cruel to politicians : Sometimes it forces them to make choices . 
Third-quarter revenue rose to $ 4.9 billion from $ 4.7 billion . 
The rest , as they say , is history . 
`` On the negative side , the market will be affected by constant supply in all sectors of the market , '' said William M. Brachfeld , economist at Daiwa Securities America Inc . 
He is now in solo law practice in Washington , but his fees have been meager and he failed in efforts to win a chunk of his ex-wife 's royalties on her tell-all book . 
Both products were immensely popular . 
On Oct. 19 , Qintex Entertainment was about to default on a $ 5.9 million payment owed to MCA Inc. in connection with the distribution of a television program . 
Deductions of charitable gifts of highly valued art now must be accompanied by appraisals . 
The Tokyo rally seemed to confirm the view , frequently expressed in Japan in the past few days , that the drop in New York was a local problem related to merger and acquisition activity in the U.S. . 
Each had claimed Allianz , Europe 's largest insurance company , as a tacit ally . 
`` Anne does n't believe in blandness , '' said Ms. Smith . 
Two months ago the company set up a toll-free number , based outside California , to handle queries from employees about when they should report back to work after an earthquake or other disaster . 
The issue is further complicated because although the organizations represent Korean residents , those residents were largely born and raised in Japan and many speak only Japanese . 
West German and French authorities have cleared Dresdner Bank AG 's takeover of a majority stake in Banque Internationale de Placement ( BIP ) , Dresdner Bank said . 
The purchase comes after nearly three years of on-again off-again talks between TCI and Viacom , which has also discussed the sale of an interest in Showtime with other cable operators . 
The prices of corn futures contracts jumped amid rumors that the Soviet Union is keeping up its dizzying October buying binge of U.S. corn . 
Managers have `` some very broad discretion , '' says an official at Walt Disney Co . 
Although corporate due process is practiced today in few companies -- perhaps 40 to 60 -- it is one of the fastest developing trends in industry . 
Recession or not , people still eat , smoke , and take medicine when they 're sick . 
Not so the Soviets . 
Cray jolted the market in July when it slashed revenue and earnings projections for this year , citing a slowing economy that has delayed orders from government as well as commercial customers . 
Frank Carlucci III was named to this telecommunications company 's board , filling the vacancy created by the death of William Sobey last May . 
Some think investors should sell into rallies . 
`` The industry is based on individual honesty , '' says Cap Hershey , a Lexington horse farmer and one of the investors who bought Spendthrift . 
A former Sperry Corp. marketing executive , admitting his role in the Pentagon procurement scandal , pleaded guilty to bribery and conspiracy charges for helping funnel $ 400,000 to a midlevel Navy acquisition official during the early 1980s . 
In August , rates on 30-year fixed-rate mortgages started creeping up a bit , but they inched down again through September . 
Results for the third quarter ending Oct. 31 , are expected to be released the third week of November , according to Michael Dell , chairman and chief executive officer . 
In 1986 , Mr. Simmons also served on a committee of businessmen headed by William Seidman , chairman of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. and the Resolution Trust Corp . 
Laundered drug money has served only to increase , unrealistically , the price of real estate , creating serious problems for low-income people who aspire to own their own homes . 
Moreover , both men have hewn to a similar hard-line philosophy . 
He said the move could be the beginning of a broader relationship between the two companies , one that could open up new markets for Bethlehem . 
Ford said owners should return the cars to dealers so the windshields can be removed and securely reinstalled . 
You might be interested to know that baseball , not survival , appeared to be the first thought of most of the crowd of 60,000-odd that had gathered at Candlestick at 5:04 p.m. Tuesday , a half-hour before game time , when the quake struck . 
Increasingly , economists say the big deficit reflects the slipping competitive position of British industry . 
Fending off attacks on his economic policies in a House of Commons debate yesterday , Mr. Lawson said inflation `` remains the greatest threat to our economic well-being '' and promised to take `` whatever steps are needed '' to choke it off . 
Earthquake insurance typically runs $ 200 or more a year for a small house . 
Mr. Krenz is such a contradictory figure that nobody has even come up with any good jokes about him . 
If the three companies pool their air-freight businesses , their clout would be considerable . 
Parametric Technology Corp. , initial offering of 1.7 million common shares , of which 1,365,226 shares will be sold by the company and 334,774 shares by holders , via Alex Brown & Sons , Hambrecht & Quist and Wessels , Arnold & Henderson . 
Sales were C$ 4.2 billion compared with C$ 3.7 billion . 
The Treasury 11 3\/4 % bond due 2003\/2007 rose 23\/32 to 112 10\/32 to yield 10.03 % . 
Fees 2 . 
National Convenience 's move is likely to be echoed by other chains , though analysts note that Southland Corp. , owner of 7-Eleven stores , and Circle K Corp. are too debt-heavy to roll out such an extensive effort . 
`` But I would n't write off '' Sir James or other potential bidders . 
The representative responded that Noriega had numerous assets in place in Nicaragua and could accomplish many essential things , just as Noriega had helped { the U.S. . } the previous year in blowing up a Sandinista arsenal . '' 
Frank J. Pascale , chairman of Eagle , will be chairman of the new firm and James C. Smith , president and chief executive officer of Webster , will take those posts at Webster\/Eagle . 
In the British case , Mr. Lawson is the closest thing in London to a supply-side globalist . 
The advance felt more like a technical bounce , he said . 
Investors and analysts applauded the news . 
`` The reason is that the technology is such that we 're not able to retrofit multi-column structures , '' he said . 
Norfolk Southern went up 1 1\/8 to 37 7\/8 . 
Still , without the assurance of British Airways ' financial backing , it will be tougher for the buy-out group to convince already-reluctant banks to make loan commitments for a revised bid , especially since British Air 's original investment represented 78 % of the cash equity contribution for the bid . 
He 'll be there wherever there 's money to be made , laughs Mr. Kori , the secretary . 
Only a decade or so ago , casino managers balked at in-room TV sets and other fripperies that distracted from gambling . 
But most structural engineers attributed the destruction to improper reinforcement of the columns that supported the decks , and the fact that the ground beneath the highway is largely landfill and can become unstable , or `` liquefy , '' in a major quake . 
This compares with a 1.6 % rise in the second from the first quarter and a 5.4 % increase from the second quarter of 1988 . 
Western Union has had major losses in recent years as its telex business has faltered in the face of competition from facsimile machines and as other business ventures have gone awry . 
But the press kept it alive ; as with the Recruit scandal , lists began circulating with names of people who had received money . 
A federal district court awarded damages to the families and the appeals court affirmed the award . 
The value traded on the exchanges is close to $ 3 trillion . 
Surely the question is obvious . 
The charge of being `` outside the mainstream '' of legal thought gravely undercut Mr. Bork 's scholarly standing , leaving him bleeding on the platform . 
`` The stock market is sick because profits are crumbling , '' says Michael K. Evans , president of Evans Economics Inc. , Washington . 
Which goes to show that the First Law applies in insurance as in anything else : There is no free lunch , there is only marketing . 
The baskets on the Big Board and CBOE -- which involve the actual S&P stocks , unlike the stock-index contracts currently traded on the Chicago futures markets , and index options on the CBOE -- will begin trading as critics step up their attacks on program trading and its contributions to the stock market 's wild price swings . 
Trouble was , nobody thought they looked right . 
He argues that the dollar is now `` moving sideways , '' adding that `` the next leg could be the beginning of a longer term bearish phase . '' 
Several other European central banks , notably in Britain , followed the West German Bundesbank 's lead by raising their own key rates . 
President de Klerk 's government permitted the rally , and security forces did n't interfere . 
The short-term shift in the political climate surrounding abortion reflects two factors that are likely to govern the debate in the next several months : the reawakening of the abortion-rights movement as a potent force after years of lassitude , and the ability of each side to counter the other 's advance in one arena with a victory of its own elsewhere . 
Japan , the world 's third-largest liquor market after the U.S. and Britain , helped American companies in April when it lowered its tax on imported spirits and levied a tax on many domestic products . 
And my time has come . 
Exchange officials extended trading hours , 75 minutes on Monday and 65 minutes on Tuesday , to clear up order backlogs . 
It is n't just exercise gear that is n't getting a good workout . 
The Western government report suggests a number of scenarios for China 's current-account balance , two of which are considered most likely . 
Prices peaked at $ 1,150,000 in September 1987 . 
It was reported stolen in transit en route to Washington , D.C. , in February . 
Citing current stock market conditions and the trend away from highly leveraged transactions , Grimm said it was n't certain that the total value of transactions for the year will exceed the record $ 247 billion in 1988 . 
`` We all did what we had to do to stay within sight of them . '' 
The two companies would appear to be a logical fit because of their complementary lines , and analysts described the offer , representing a 36 % premium over Nekoosa 's market price , as fair . 
Just four years ago , GM planners divided the combined car and truck market into seven segments . 
Northeast Utilities boosted its offer to acquire the company by $ 400 million , to $ 2.25 billion . 
Goldman Sachs placed the stock back on its list of recommended issues , raised its 1990 earnings estimate and recommended that its clients shift funds from Kellogg to General Mills . 
He reaped inflation along with rapid growth , no doubt validating Sir Alan 's predictions in the Prime Minister 's mind . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
I doubt that . 
Ohbayashi was up 60 to close at 1,680 , Shimizu gained 50 to 2,120 , and Kumagai-Gumi advanced 40 to 1,490 . 
`` We did n't take part in a lot of deals '' in the quarter `` because their credit quality was poor , '' the spokesman said . 
Mr. Templeton owns shares in several of the 33 funds that his firm manages , but only in three of the 10 available to U.S. investors , according to filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission . 
Bank of Montreal said it added 850 million Canadian dollars ( US$ 725.8 million ) to its reserves against losses on Third World loans , bringing the total it has set aside this year to C$ 1 billion . 
Louis Margolis , managing director in charge of equity options and futures at Salomon Inc. , says that trading baskets of stocks began in the 1970s , a decade before the advent of futures . 
Earnings at the consumer-products giant were boosted by a gain of $ 125 million , or about 25 cents a share , stemming from last month 's settlement of litigation with three of P&G 's competitors over patents on P&G 's Duncan Hines cookies . 
Japanese demand grew by 70 % in the first half of this year and the nation plans an issue of a silver commemorative coin that will require 4.5 million ounces . 
On Oct. 22 , led by Saudi Arabia , the world 's largest exporter , they embargoed oil shipments to the U.S. and to the Netherlands , Israel 's staunchest European ally . 
GENERAL ELECTRIC CO. , Fairfield , Conn. , consumer , industrial products and broadcasting concern , annual sales of $ 50 billion , NYSE , said its GE Nuclear Energy unit , with 1,600 Bay-area employees , had only minor damage at its San Jose headquarters . 
Howard Bloom , president of the dress firm Chetta B Inc. , says : `` It 's big time chaos today . 
At the end of the trip , any unspent foreign exchange will have to be converted back into dollars , with another commission due . 
This means Interior contacts can not be logged only on one day -- a Sunday that had already passed . 
Beatrice E. Garcia in Philadelphia contributed to this article . 
Other potential bidders for parts of B.A.T 's U.S. retail unit include Dillard Department Stores Inc. , May Department Stores Co. and Limited Inc . 
( `` A turban , '' she specifies , `` though it was n't the time for that 14 years ago . 
Brown tobacco in France is a more pungent , stronger grade than the lighter grade , or blonde tobacco , used in so-called American-style cigarettes . 
As a result , some securities analysts had predicted in recent days that IBM would authorize additional purchases . 
WCRS Group announced a major restructuring that largely removes it from the advertising business . 
Mr. Parker spins it into a pretty satisfying tale involving Poodle Springs high life , Hollywood low life and various folk who hang their hats in both worlds . 
In the corporate realm , the 1986 law abolished the investment-tax credit , scaled back use of an accounting method that allowed large contractors to defer taxes until a project was completed and strengthened the so-called alternative minimum tax , a levy to ensure all money-making businesses pay some federal tax . 
There is some pain , when Lucy has the baby and `` did n't know she would feel like this '' and wants to keep the baby . 
Union Camp Corp. , shelf offering of up to $ 250 million of debt securities . 
A budget that reflected the real costs of lending would eliminate incentives to convert spending or lending programs to guarantees and would let taxpayers know what Congress is committing them to . 
There will be a lot of repair work that wo n't require the quantities of cement or concrete that new constructon would . '' 
He hit the lanes three years ago on the advice of his doctor . 
Many of these financiers lend freely , often without demanding collateral . 
Lee Seidman of Cleveland says Infiniti `` was a bear on interiors '' but at least let him retrofit an existing building -- without the stream . 
The bid is part of Sir James Goldsmith 's unfriendly takeover attempt for B.A.T Industries PLC , the British tobacco , retailing , paper and financial-services giant that acquired Farmers last year for $ 5.2 billion . 
He now calls himself an `` investment banker . '' 
Mr. Cheng says the low margin required for trading futures attracted a lot of small investors before the 1987 crash who did n't realize that their risk was virtually unlimited . 
Hotel Investors Trust and its affiliate , Hotel Investors Corp. , said the companies plan to sell all of the hotels the companies own and operate , except for two hotel-casinos in Las Vegas , Nev . 
In composite trading on the New York Stock Exchange , Lockheed closed at $ 46.125 a share , down 12.5 cents . 
Last week Control Data reported third-quarter earnings of $ 9.8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 763 million . 
Mr. Kaiser said there were no fundamental factors moving these markets . 
It should seek only to maintain the functioning of markets -- not to prop up the Dow Jones or New York Stock Exchange averages at a particular level . 
HomeFed Corp. said its main subsidiary , Home Federal Savings & Loan , converted from a federal savings and loan to a federal savings bank and changed its name to HomeFed Bank . 
Qintex said Mr. Evans , the former president , resigned for `` personal reasons '' and that Mr. Kimmel , an attorney , resigned because his participation in evaluating the company 's role in buying MGM\/UA was no longer necessary . 
Business had been fairly strong until Hurricane Hugo hit the area , but has been down since . 
August through October traditionally is the busiest season for the bakeware business , as many retailers use the goods as autumn promotional items . 
`` Nothing is defined or signed at this point , '' Mr. Daly said of the talks . 
Printed in the U.S. and carrying the line `` The Insider 's Japan , '' Business Tokyo 's October cover story was `` The World 's No. 1 Customer '' -- Japanese women . 
Broader averages also fell . 
He joined the firm in 1963 and bought it from the owners the next year . 
In a study of 250 of the nation 's richest companies , the group found that only seven managed to avoid paying federal income taxes last year compared with 40 in 1986 , the last year the old tax rules were in effect , and 16 in 1987 , when some of the new tax provisions went into effect . 
Housing , for instance , has remained a fairly steady component of household assets over the past decade -- although common wisdom would have expected an increase . 
The statement by Islamic Jihad , which holds at least two U.S. hostages , was accompanied by a photograph of Associated Press correspondent Terry Anderson , longest held of 18 Western hostages . 
`` Tivoli Motel , '' I read a sign in the usual pronunciation of the name as we whoosh through . 
Adding to that speculation is Mr. Krenz 's reputation as a heavy drinker , who is said to also suffer from diabetes . 
Ciba-Geigy AG , the big Swiss chemicals company , said that it agreed in a letter of intent with Corning Inc. to acquire Corning 's 50 % share of Ciba Corning Diagnostics Corp. , based in Medfield , Mass . 
Authorities at London 's Heathrow Airport are investigating the disappearance of a Paul Gauguin watercolor , `` Young Tahitian Woman in a Red Pareo , '' that has two sketches on its verso ( opposite ) side . 
An editorial in the NCI Journal says the report of declining lung-cancer mortality `` among young men and women in the U.S. indicates that we finally may be winning the battle -- this even in a country where the tobacco industry spends over $ 2 billion a year for promotion of the addictive habit of smoking . '' 
`` They figure it 's not a very good advert . '' 
Rachel Weiss Brookline , Mass . 
The Chosen Soren and the JSP immediately denied the report . 
Vickers PLC , a United Kingdom defense and engineering company , said an investment unit controlled by New Zealand financier Ron Brierley raised its stake in the company Friday to 15.02 % from about 14.6 % Thursday and from 13.7 % the previous week . 
But later in the day , a report by the Purchasing Management Association of Chicago cast doubt on the recession scenario . 
European dealers continued to dominate the action in old masters , which Sotheby 's North America had lately been touting in this country . 
Judge Hancock did n't return phone calls . 
More banks are being hurt by Arizona 's worsening real-estate slump . 
The product is n't widely used yet , but Toshiba , which has already beaten everyone else in producing the current-generation one-megabit DRAMs , believes that its early investment will heighten its chances of beating its competitors again . 
Fuji Heavy Industries Ltd . ( Japan ) -- $ 300 million of 8 3\/4 % bonds due Nov. 17 , 1999 , priced at 101 3\/8 to yield 8.85 % less full fees annually , via Daiwa Europe Ltd . 
The pound , which had been trading at about $ 1.6143 in New York prior to Mr. Lawson 's announcement , sank more than two cents to $ 1.5930 , prompting the Federal Reserve Bank to buy pounds for dollars . 
Since he concentrated on the economic folly of such ordinances , he did n't mention certain other of their effects . 
The oil refiner said it will report fiscal fourth quarter and 1989 results next week . 
Other funds have been designed to concentrate on stocks in a geographic area in order to encourage local investment . 
That show , whose host is Ms. Chung 's husband , Maury Povich , has a particular penchant for grisly murders and stories having to do with sex -- the Robert Chambers murder case , the Rob Lowe tapes , what have you . 
SHEVARDNADZE ADMITTED that Moscow violated the 1972 ABM treaty . 
Thomas Plaskett , Pan Am 's chairman , said the U.S. airline 's participation is a natural outgrowth of its current arrangements with Aeroflot to jointly operate nonstop New York-Moscow flights . 
We still have people wandering around in a daze in San Francisco worrying about whether it 's going to rain tonight . '' 
Still , encrypting corporate communications is only a partial remedy . 
Corporations need liquidity , in the form of borrowed funds . 
`` How do you prove a negative ? '' 
Silver prices could also be boosted by strikes in leading producing nations Peru and Mexico , Mr. Demler says . 
`` We think we can take it to the 18 % range over next 18 to 24 months , '' he said . 
Mrs. Hoffman says that dramatization `` makes the truth flexible . 
Revenue rose 7.7 % to $ 1.28 billion from $ 1.18 billion . 
IBM can raise its stake in Paxus to 20 % over three years , but agreed to not go beyond 20 % in that time . 
GM 's help would `` make it possible { for Jaguar } to build a wider range of cars . '' 
Unlike the quarter 's results , which were based on roughly equal shares outstanding , nine-month per-share figures reflect an increase in average common shares outstanding to 51.9 million from 47 million . 
And Mr. Niles , the program producer , contends that Kodak 's move is `` a sound marketing decision . 
But ad executives who negotiated the deal say that works out to only $ 275,000 for a 30-second ad in the World Series through 1993 -- 17 % less than what ABC is charging for the Series this month . 
Last month , Ford announced plans to acquire as much as 15 % of Jaguar . 
The Miami-based environmental engineering concern said GSX Chemical also will assume about $ 1.6 million in debt related to those divisions . 
The three-month bills will still mature Feb. 1 , 1990 , and the six-month bills on May 3 , 1990 . 
The latest drop shows the narrowing in the nation 's trade gap reflected in successive full monthly reports is continuing . 
More important are what LSI calls `` psychological anchors '' -- a few focal points calculated to appeal to the jury on a gut level . 
The notes were priced to yield 8 % and are convertible into the company 's Class B common stock at a price which represents a 15 % premium over the market price on Oct. 10 , 1989 . 
The DAX index eased 0.99 point to end at 1523.22 after falling 5.5 points early in the session . 
The banks jointly committed $ 1.2 billion of financing , subject to certain conditions , McCaw said . 
The Colombian minister was said to have referred to a letter that he said President Bush sent to Colombian President Virgilio Barco , and in which President Bush said it was possible to overcome obstacles to a new agreement . 
When you buy an asset-backed issue , you take the risk that a bank or an insurer could run into unexpected difficulties . 
Dick Pound , a committee member , began by disclosing that ABC and NBC had refused to even bid . 
A few years ago , Mrs. Hammack insisted on buying earthquake insurance for this house , which had been converted into apartments . 
Richard Arrington , Birmingham 's black mayor , lamented the consequences . 
Companies listed below reported quarterly profit substantially different from the average of analysts ' estimates . 
The network 's own production company , NBC Productions , supplies a half-hour family-oriented show titled `` Saved By The Bell . '' 
`` People honestly lose money on risky investments that they did n't realize were a crapshoot , '' he says . 
Third-quarter net income dropped to $ 221 million , or $ 1.55 a share , from $ 230 million , or $ 1.60 a share , in the year-earlier period . 
On Tuesday , the broader-based Tokyo Stock Price Index of issues listed in the first section , which fell 45.66 Monday , rose 41.76 , or 1.61 % , to 2642.64 . 
Soybean futures for November delivery gained 5.25 cents a bushel to close at $ 5.66 a bushel on the Chicago Board of Trade . 
Just last week , for example , Trans World Airlines and Pan Am Corp. 's Pan American World Airways went so far as to offer cash rebates or gift checks of $ 200 to $ 1,000 to certain frequent-flier members making trans-Atlantic flights in business class or first class . 
USA Today reported that Mr. Davis , who had pursued UAL before dropping his bid Wednesday , has acquired a stake of about 3 % in USAir . 
Elaborating on the concern about doctors ' sacrificing earnings in order to spend `` talk time '' with patients , we are finding the quality of the time spent is the key to true rapport . 
Lee Dirks & Associates is to sell the chains . 
The first meeting yesterday was with 10 Senate Democrats who have expressed an interest in cutting the tax . 
The market makers say they are n't comfortable carrying big positions in stocks because they realize prices can tumble quickly . 
These rate indications are n't directly comparable ; lending practices vary widely by location . 
The comptroller 's office eventually extended the deadline to six months but broadened its demands , ordering that the `` book value of the collection { be } reduced to zero . '' 
She thinks the next area of support for copper is in the $ 1.09 to $ 1.10 range . 
Now it has -- especially for people my age . '' 
Meanwhile , the Nasdaq 100 Index of the big non-financial stocks basically stood still , easing 0.12 , to 452.23 . 
As larger companies increasingly self-insure , or use reserves to pay their own workers ' medical bills , the insurance industry has turned to the small-employer market that was once a backwater for them . 
That rout was triggered by UAL Corp. 's announcement late Monday that the proposed management-labor buy-out had collapsed . 
Arrested were Jose O. Lopez , 27 years old , of Whittier , Calif. , the vault supervisor ; Carlos O. Huerta , 29 , of La Puente ; Luis A. Arroyo , 36 , of Los Angeles ; Ignacio Rojas Jr. , 32 , of Baldwin Park ; Doris Moreno , 37 , of Bell Gardens ; and Ana L. Azucena , 27 , of Huntington Park . 
`` It was a powerful point in my career , '' says the 31-year-old Mr. MacInnis , who has since taken out a $ 1 million liability policy for his business . 
Susumu Ohara , president of Nihon Keizai Shinbun America Inc. , publisher of the Japan Economic Journal , said he receives telephone calls weekly from media bankers on whether his parent company is interested in buying a U.S. consumer or business magazine . 
A partisan fight over cutting capital-gains taxes has slowed the progress of 1990 deficit-reduction legislation almost to a halt , triggering across-the-board spending cuts under the Gramm-Rudman law . 
He said Gulf Canada will likely report an extraordinary gain from the sale in the fourth quarter , but he would n't offer a specific estimate . 
China could exhaust its foreign-exchange reserves as early as next year , a Western government report says , unless imports are cut drastically to help narrow the balance-of-payments deficit . 
So term insurance may not be as cheap as it looks . 
Anxious allies of President Mikhail Gorbachev are cautioning media leaders to take it easy , to be careful not to do anything that could be used by Mr. Gorbachev 's opponents . 
The Waterbury , Conn. , maker of industrial fasteners and metal stampings has 2.3 million shares outstanding . 
Though he nominally supports both programs , Mr. Bush has n't been a passionate champion of either cause , as Mr. Reagan was . 
The Chivas ad illustrates -- via a series of pullouts -- the wild reactions from the pool man , gardener and others if not given Chivas for Christmas . 
Despite the proliferation of tourist distractions , Las Vegans have n't forgot that gambling is still what the town is all about . 
Some men stay , their best friend a bottle of vodka , but two million acres have gone fallow . 
Some 60 % of the survey respondents said they would buy anti-lock brakes even if they carry a medium or high price tag . 
Still , analysts believe that profit margins in the potato business will be down again this year . 
The painting , attributed to Flemish artist Peter Paul Rubens , was purchased privately through Sotheby 's , not at auction . 
Devotees pass hours , watching the lights blink and listening to the metal balls ping , as much to gamble as to get a little time to be anonymous , alone with their thoughts . 
It 's already that in the Bush administration , at least for any job in which abortion is even remotely an issue . 
His daughter turns to dressmaking , then to peddling herself for a few piasters . 
The designer , whose line of modular , one-size-fits-all clothing has spawned a host of clones , has been in a dispute with her latest licensee , Jerell Inc. for several months . 
You think you can go out and turn things around . 
But in Mr. Sohmer 's Ozarks , he is but the tip of the patriarchal iceberg . 
Net income surged 21 % to 55.59 billion yen from 46.02 billion yen . 
`` It 's all anybody wants to talk about , '' says Richard Posner , executive vice president for Credit Exchange Inc. , a leading credit service . 
ENGRAPH INC. recently reported third-quarter earnings , which were mistakenly shown in the Quarterly Earnings Surprises table in last Tuesday 's edition to be lower than the average of analysts ' estimates . 
Three of the utility 's directors have at least doubled their holdings in the company since July . 
BANKERS ACCEPTANCES : 8.45 % 30 days ; 8.32 % 60 days ; 8.32 % 90 days ; 8.17 % 120 days ; 8.08 % 150 days ; 7.98 % 180 days . 
Besides , to a large extent , Mr. Jones may already be getting what he wants out of the team , even though it keeps losing . 
Allianz also suggested , without saying so directly , that it regrets that Paribas is n't bidding for all of Navigation Mixte 's shares . 
The offer is scheduled to expire on Nov. 28 , unless extended . 
The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration said it will start enforcing stiffer regulations Jan. 31 for so-called gray-market imports of vehicles . 
One question being debated in the Soviet Union is how to use the defense sector 's research-and-production expertise in the rest of the economy . 
`` We have a good strong backlog for the fourth quarter even without '' the systems that were announced yesterday . 
But increasingly , people are questioning that view , and the critics include some of the country 's most successful investors . 
In other news concerning South Korea 's television industry , Samsung signed an agreement with Soyuz , the external-trade organization of the Soviet Union , to swap Korean television sets and videocassette recorders for pig iron from the Soviet Union . 
When last we left him , FBI Agent Nick Mancuso had solved a murder mystery , unraveled a Washington political scandal , and racked up some pretty good ratings numbers in the miniseries `` Favorite Son . '' 
As thrifts sell assets to improve their capital-to-asset ratio , as required under the new law passed in August , they must also reduce liabilities , such as deposits . 
In the first scenario , the reserves would be exhausted next year , and in the second they would be wiped out in 1991 . 
Gerald F. Seib contributed to this article . 
Since the end of last year , junk bonds have been outperformed by all categories of investment-grade bonds , including ultra-safe Treasury securities . 
`` This is an outstanding example of how the East and the West can work together for their mutual benefit and progress , '' said Soviet Ambassador Yuri Dubinin , who hosted a signing ceremony for the venture 's partners at the Soviet embassy here . 
Within the appropriations conference yesterday , the $ 67 billion measure is the second largest of the annual domestic spending bills and covers a disparate collection of accounts for science , housing , veterans and the environment . 
Both MCA 's music-entertainment and book-publishing units also posted record revenue and operating profit . 
They say it s possible some of their members may be donating privately . 
`` Three of our favorite names , '' Mr. Della Femina calls that roster , adding hopefully , `` We 're a much more attractive agency to large multinationals today than we were yesterday . '' 
That 's a question East Germany ca n't answer easily , no matter what its new leader does . 
As soon as the market trades at the specified price the floor broker will fill it at the best possible price . 
About 200,000 East Germans marched in Leipzig and thousands more staged protests in three other cities in a fresh challenge to the Communist leadership to introduce democratic freedoms . 
Not selling into a panic turned out to be very good advice : Despite the market 's volatility , the Dow Jones Industrial Average has surged 114 points in the past four days . 
`` I do n't believe in the airline business you can be totally laissez-faire because of the high degree of public interest '' at stake . 
-- Mortgage securities fell 7\/32 to 8\/32 but held up better than intermediate Treasurys . 
Defenders say futures make markets more efficient and provide ways for investors to reduce risks . 
Profit-taking accounted for much of the slide in OTC stock prices , according to David Mills , senior vice president of Boston Company Advisers . 
Mr. Blum added he was n't surprised Mr. Koenig resigned , but his departure was `` nothing that we desired or worked for . '' 
Ms. Bogart , an acclaimed creator of deconstructed dramatic collages that tear into such sacred texts as Rodgers and Hammerstein 's `` South Pacific , '' is decidedly downtown . 
Mr. Womack , 53 years old , has been with the big producer of household products , food and pharmaceuticals for 30 years . 
Yet some lawyers point to Eli Lilly & Co. vs. Medtronic , Inc. , the patent infringement case the Supreme Court this month agreed to review , as an example of poor legal reasoning by judges who lack patent litigation experience . 
There is still time , however , for Gov. Mario Cuomo or Fabian Palomino , chairman of the BPCA board , to prevent this topiary `` Tilted Arc . '' 
And unlike Europe and the U.S. , where populations are aging , the Pacific Basin countries have growing proportions of youths -- the heaviest consumers of Coca-Cola and other sodas . 
One large competitor after another is leaping into the booming market Specialized helped create , turning out mountain bikes with such well-known names as Schwinn , Peugeot , Raleigh and Nishiki . 
Mr. Vaux said that if no agreement is reached , other buyers will be sought by bid or auction . 
All this havoc is the result of one of the worst busts in Arizona 's boom-and-bust history , compounded by some of the usual suspects in 1980s banking debacles : greed , fraud and plain bad banking . 
`` Managers of government entities are often more concerned with the political and legal structure and financial-report comparability with profit-making businesses is n't always as high a priority , '' a foundation spokesman said . 
`` The New York Stock Exchange has vested interests '' in its big member securities firms `` that cloud its objectivity , '' Mr. Timbers said . 
Currently , they stand at $ 12,000 for speculators , who are typically individuals and non-member traders , and $ 6,000 for hedgers , which are usually institutions and have offsetting positions in the underlying stocks . 
A genuine market for labor and wages would replace the present rigid , centralized system . 
Despite the junk market 's problems , Drexel continues to enjoy a loyalty among junk bond investors that its Wall Street rivals have n't found . 
Mr. Bennett will continue as executive in charge of the North Carolina banking operation . 
CRA said then that it was looking for a partner for the mine , which produces more than three million metric tons of coal a year . 
Employees were told that if they really wanted the publications , they would have to have them sent home instead . 
James River , a maker of pulp , paper and plastic products , already has interests in tissue businesses in France , Spain , Italy and Turkey . 
Newly contracted residential work edged up 2 % in September to an annualized $ 121.2 billion , largely because multifamily building rebounded from a very weak August . 
Except for a few spots , notably Georgia , Virginia and Michigan , failures declined almost across the board , according to the business information services company . 
Maryland National Bank -- $ 267 million of securities backed by home-equity lines of credit through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The editor also says the new producer on the film , Bruce Baird , told editors to screen the picture without telling stars Sylvester Stallone and Kurt Russell or Mr. Peters . 
The initial costs are said to be in the $ 2 billion a year range , but that 's only the beginning . 
Guarantee by Credit Suisse . 
The Continental junk bond offering , underwritten by Drexel Burnham Lambert Inc. , was the only new issue priced yesterday . 
Alan G. Hassenfeld , chairman and chief executive , added that Hasbro 's new line of battery-powered racing cars , called Record Breakers , and its acquisition of Cabbage Patch Kids , Scrabble and other lines from Coleco Industries Inc. puts the company `` in a good position as we enter the Christmas buying season . '' 
`` It may depend on whether there was an express or implied promise ... that the federal officials would not negligently cause the deterioration '' of Independent American , the court wrote . 
Another analyst noted that Cuba has been deferring shipments in recent years . 
For the nine months , net totaled $ 526 million , or $ 3.74 a share , up 5 % from $ 501 million , or $ 3.71 a share , a year ago . 
The others endure the hot sun of the plains and scowl like cornered wild beasts . '' 
`` But we 'd rather put funds into our own business rather than someone else 's . 
Rather ominously , rabbit studies reveal that RU-486 can cause birth defects , Lancet , the British medical journal , reported in 1987 . 
Why , until last spring , did the Long-Term Credit Bank of Japan sometimes take several days to correct typographical errors in its paper work for international transactions ? 
For those with no holdings , the prospects of buying a home are ever slimmer . 
He declined to make a specific earnings estimate . 
Amending a 1988 return to claim a refund brings cash faster ; but for personal losses , there are other factors to consider , notes publisher Prentice Hall . 
Yesterday 's sluggish action was in marked contrast to the rearing and plunging of stock prices Tuesday after the proposed buy-out of UAL Corp. once again collapsed . 
He left his job as general manager of Shearson Lehman Hutton Holdings Inc. 's Frankfurt office because , he says , `` When the Rothschilds called , I could n't resist . '' 
The government retained the single share after selling its stake in Jaguar in 1984 -- part of a nationalistic practice of protecting former government-owned enterprises to deflect criticism of privatization . 
The report said that utilization management should have more of an impact as federal research on the effectiveness of medical treatments helps lead to medical practice guidelines . 
Not everyone is so pessimistic . 
In such cases , the game has n't changed , only the name . 
Selling the presidency for a mess of pottage is not so much a devaluation from the norm of public life today as it is a reflection of the disintegration of public standards . 
When Richard Rahn advised the financial press that the market crash was caused by the setback to capital gains , he was generally ignored and mildly ridiculed . 
Employers must deposit withholding taxes exceeding $ 3,000 within three days after payroll -- or pay stiff penalties -- and that 's a big problem for small businesses . 
She expects both revenue and profit to gain this year . 
Continental is Texas Air 's flagship and was built painfully to its present size under Mr. Lorenzo after emerging from bankruptcy proceedings in 1986 . 
Three Soviet government officials -- the ministers of railroads , of foreign economic relations and of heavy-machine building -- will visit Tehran next month for talks , Iran 's official news agency reported . 
In a pattern it aims to copy in several key U.S. destinations , Cathay recently announced plans to serve San Francisco by flying into American Airlines ' Los Angeles hub and routing continuing passengers onto a flight on the U.S. carrier . 
Moreover , there are questions , particularly among atmospheric scientists who know this subject best , about the ability of anyone to know what in fact is happening to the ozone layer . 
Sluggish sales of the Beretta , and its four-door sister car , the Corsica , prompted GM to idle the two plants that build the automobiles for a total of three weeks this month . 
Though the trading halts are offered as a sign of concern about recent stock market volatility , most Wall Street firms remain open to handle program trading for customers . 
Higher oil prices were n't enough to offset a roughly $ 20 million charge related to a 10 % reduction in Amoco 's Canadian work force as well as increased exploration expenses . 
The information on 125 metropolitan markets is supplied by retailers such as Sears , Roebuck & Co. and K mart Corp. as well as closely held concerns such as R.H. Macy & Co . 
But in recent years , the market has moved toward less expensive `` mini-component '' sets , miniaturized amplifiers and receivers and software players that could be stacked on top of each other . 
Investors with a heavy tax load should take out their calculators . 
A rash of one-time charges left Ashland Oil with a loss of $ 39 million for its fiscal fourth quarter . 
Entertainment shows tend to cost twice that . 
Yet that did n't eliminate program trading from the market . 
In the 1988 period , the company earned $ 20.6 million , or 26 cents a share . 
Unisys has said that all of the company officials who participated in improper activities have left the company . 
Some of the sales proceeds will go to the Design Industries Foundation for AIDS . 
Teijin was up 15 at 936 , and Kyowa Hakko gained 30 to 1,770 . 
Ideally , investment bankers say , he wants to get backing from a Japanese department store and a European department store to forge a global retailing network . 
For example , in focusing on Mr. Freeman 's attempt to gain nonpublic information about a deal 's collapse , one does not naturally think about the reverse side of the coin : What if the rumor had been false ? 
For now , the union issue is the most nettlesome of Federal 's Tiger problems , management believes . 
Mr. Vinson , the professor , got the law bug and formed Litigation Sciences . 
Trade and Supply Minister Gerhard Briksa said in a letter published in the youth daily Junge Welt that the rise in alcohol consumption in East Germany had been halted ; but to reduce it further , he said , production and supply of other beverages , including fruit juices , should be stepped up . 
MCA on Friday said that as a result of Qintex 's failure to make the required payment it was terminating the distribution agreement on `` The New Leave It to Beaver '' as well as other MCA properties . 
Texas and California are traditionally powerful within the conference , but equally striking is the dominance of Alaska , Pennsylvania and West Virginia because of their power elsewhere in the appropriations process . 
In the first nine months , GMAC 's earnings fell 8 % to $ 859.5 million from $ 930.2 million . 
The banking company could n't be reached to comment beyond a written announcement . 
Ford probably will renew its request for such a meeting soon , he added . 
Monday , October 30 , 1989 
An attorney will be able to use the network for an hourly fee of between $ 200 and $ 400 , depending on the quality of the picture , to take depositions from witnesses in any of the connected cities . 
`` It was the plunge that did n't happen , '' he says . 
Declining issues outnumbered advancers 551 to 349 ; 224 issues were unchanged . 
With our schedule , it 's hard to sleep well knowing what is going to happen the next day '' . 
Once the money is raised , it is n't always certain how it is used . 
In the third quarter , the implicit price deflator fell to 2.9 % of the 1982 average , from 4.6 % in the previous quarter . 
Eliminating the earnings limit would greatly help seniors and reduce the deficit . 
This can not be solved by provoking a further downturn ; reducing the supply of goods does not solve inflation . 
Many economists see even slower GNP growth for the remainder of the year , with some leaning more strongly toward a possible recession . 
Opponents of the project had claimed that the city and the state of New York , which are co-sponsoring the project , had failed to adhere to environmental guidelines . 
A year earlier , Flowers had fiscal first-quarter net income of $ 8 million , or 23 cents a share , on revenue of $ 170.4 million . 
Healthsource Inc. -- Two million common shares , via Kidder , Peabody & Co . 
WCRS 's restructuring reflects the growing importance of media buying in Europe , where the only way to get a good price on advertising time and space is to buy it in bulk . 
I knew it was someone important , so I followed her into the ladies room and sure enough , it was Liza . 
Attorneys for more than 18,000 women who claim injuries from the Dalkon Shield contraceptive device have asked the U.S. Supreme Court to refuse to hear an appeal of the bankruptcy-law reorganization plan for A.H. Robins Co. , which manufactured the device . 
Article I , Section 7 , Clause 3 says that whether it 's called an `` order , resolution or vote '' or anything else , Presidents must have the chance to veto . 
`` It happens . '' 
But William O. Bourke , chairman and chief executive officer , said the ingot price `` appears to have bottomed out . '' 
In most cases damage to company facilities and operations was minimal . 
The vaccine , VaxSyn HIV-1 , has been safely given to 14 people , some of whom are experiencing substantial increases in certain antibodies . 
`` We 've been listed as a candidate for so long it 's not worth worrying about , '' said Mr. Price . 
The one-hour program will be repeated with updates throughout Saturday mornings . 
The fund invests heavily in dollar-denominated money-market securities overseas . 
Everyone is very nice and good-looking -- the adoptive parents ( Glenn Close and James Woods ) and the teen-age couple who decide to give up their baby for adoption ( Mary Stuart Masterson and Kevin Dillon ) . 
Canadian Pacific Ltd. said it proposed acquiring the 44 % of Soo Line Corp. it does n't already own for $ 19.50 a share , or about $ 81.9 million , after failing to find a buyer for its majority stake earlier this year . 
Under the pact , Montedision will make a $ 37-a-share tender offer for Erbamont stock outstanding . 
Great Northern Nekoosa said , `` The odds of the dire predictions about us being right are small . '' 
The Attorney General 's investigation was sparked by lawsuits and charges by angry California businesspeople that they were swindled in a bureau-sponsored directory project contracted by Better Book . 
And Mancuso himself is investigating at the top of his lungs : `` How the hell can you live with yourself ? '' he erupts at a politician . 
The opposite is true : It 's the product of many meetings with administration officials , Senate staffers , advocates , and business and transportation officials . 
Optical-storage devices can handle very large amounts of data and make it far easier to edit film clips or audio recordings with a computer . 
As part of its national ad pitch , Brooks Brothers will show less preppy women 's clothes , moving away from its floppy-tie business stereotype . 
Mr. Nogales , former president of United Press International and the Univision Spanish-language network , most recently co-founded Nogales Castro Partners , a California-based media acquisition firm . 
Both companies will replace the oil filler cap with a ventilated oil filler cap . 
In the previous three general elections , similar national issues clinched the vote . 
The memo attempts to remove the tourist board as far as possible from the agency , which pleaded innocent to the charges . 
Only two of 111 transplants have been rejected . 
The average discount rate on three-month bills was 7.78 % and the rate on six-month bills was 7.62 % . 
A year ago this fall , New Jersey voters under 30 favored George Bush by 56 % to 39 % over Michael Dukakis , according to a survey then by Rutgers University 's Eagleton Institute . 
The Illinois Legislature narrowly passed a parental-leave bill , which Gov. James Thompson vetoed , and Iowa and Tennessee amended laws to require that employers pay for breast-cancer exams . 
In 1985 , Prime Minister Rajiv Gandhi , in his talks with then Swedish Prime Minister Olof Palme , imposed the condition that the contract have no middlemen . 
In Tokyo , the Nikkei index added 99.14 to 35585.52 . 
Billings were n't disclosed . 
The only way to catch an electronic thief , he said , is to set him up with erroneous information . 
More than ever , independent magazines and small publishing groups are being gobbled up by larger publishing groups , such as American Express Publishing Corp. , a unit of American Express Co. , and Conde Nast Publications Inc. , a unit of Advance Publications Inc. , which are consolidating in order to gain leverage with advertisers . 
In the film classic `` Twelve Angry Men , '' the crucible of deliberations unmasks each juror 's bias and purges it from playing a role in the verdict . 
The industrial average closed down 18.65 , to 2638.73 . 
Here was the state security appartus poised to pounce on any words or acts of provocation , let alone revolution . 
The nation 's savings rate was unchanged in September at 4.9 % of after-tax income , far below the 5.6 % it reached in July . 
They 're frightened by what they see in New Jersey , and especially Virginia , where pro-life GOP candidates for governor are being pummeled on abortion . 
So Seita has introduced blonde cigarettes under the Gauloises label , and intends to relaunch the unsuccessful Gitanes Blondes in new packaging , similar to the slide-packs used by brown-tobacco Gitanes . 
`` If you 're in the bond business playing the relative-performance derby , then even an extra 25 basis points ( 0.25 percentage point ) becomes an important consideration on a career basis , '' says Mr. Grant . 
It is also likely to bolster fears that the Japanese will use their foothold in U.S. biotechnology concerns to gain certain trade and competitive advantages . 
`` Of course it 's better to sell private , '' he says , as the butcher trundles away . 
The original is a comedy about Alceste , a man who sees falseness and vanity in everyone except himself . 
`` We may not have every manufacturing problem , but we have most , '' said George Conrades , IBM 's top marketing official . 
Charles Daggs , chairman and chief executive officer of Sutro & Co. , said traders came to work at 5 a.m. PDT -- many on foot because of uncertain road and traffic conditions -- but learned that they would have to await a required inspection by the city in order to turn the power back on at the company 's two main facilities there . 
The dispute between Eastern and its pilots is over a `` pay parity '' clause in the pilots ' contract . 
It was the second time in less than a week that Quotron has had problems calculating the industrial average . 
Still , `` I understand the reasons '' that other states are holding out , he said . 
It 's like `` fire insurance , '' says Harrison Roth , the senior options strategist at Cowen & Co . 
Insurers could see claims totaling nearly $ 1 billion from the San Francisco earthquake , far less than the $ 4 billion from Hurricane Hugo . 
Mr. Phelan 's meeting with the floor brokers comes as he prepares to explain the exchange 's position on program trading to key congressional regulators in a closed session tomorrow , according to exchange officials . 
REPAIR SHOPS SCRAP for more access to work on auto-emissions systems . 
She prefers ` Elizabeth . ' '' 
Thrice married but now single , Mr. Peters got plenty of ink last summer for an on-set romance with actress Kim Basinger during the making of `` Batman . '' 
2 . Even where the Fed did not share this view it felt the need to accommodate to it . 
Next month , talks will begin on two coveted CBS contracts , for the pro and college basketball finals . 
I bow to no one in my regard for our terrestrial heritage , but if we are serious about global warming we must look at the big picture and not allow the Dominant Culture to lock us into the capitalist-exploiters-greedy-American-consumers-global - warming scenario as the sole model for discussion . 
The Chicago Mercantile Exchange margins for the Standard & Poor 's 500 stock-index futures stood at $ 10,000 a contract for speculators and $ 5,000 for hedgers before Oct. 16 , 1987 ; that day the hedging margin was raised to $ 7,500 . 
But Judge Keenan said that privilege is meant to protect private utterances -- not litigation papers filed with foreign governments , as Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys maintained . 
XL\/Datacomp slid 2 1\/4 to 16 1\/2 amid continuing concerns about the company 's contract negotiations with International Business Machines . 
He sold them well below market value to raise cash `` to pay off mounting credit-card debts , '' incurred to buy presents for his girlfriend , his attorney , Philip Russell , told IFAR . 
The insurance adjusters think differently . 
Under the new Northeast Utilities plan , it would pay $ 1.65 billion in cash to creditors and assume $ 100 million in pollution control bonds . 
Mortgage securities ended 2\/32 to 4\/32 higher in light trading . 
Thus , no standards , no judgment and no values . 
The move , subject to a definitive agreement , is part of a trend by big-city banks that have been buying up credit-card portfolios to expand their business . 
And housing though it appears in the popular mind as being the major { growing } household asset , is n't . '' 
Capital appreciation bonds are priced to yield to maturity from 7.10 % in 2003 to 7.25 % in 2007 and 2008 . 
Beneficial Corp. -- 
Despite his reluctance to take the latter step , the judge indicated he would move quickly after hearing testimony later this week in the bitter dispute between Manufacturers Hanover Trust Co. and Minpeco S.A. , a minerals concern owned by the Peruvian governmemt . 
But he added : `` Some people use the purchasers ' index as a leading indicator , some use it as a coincident indicator . 
The rule goes back at least as far as a 1930 Supreme Court decision , Robert Willens of Shearson Lehman Hutton says . 
`` Now , we realize what our mothers must have gone through , '' she says . 
`` People say they swim , and that may mean they 've been to the beach this year , '' says Krys Spain , research specialist for the President 's Council on Physical Fitness and Sports . 
He 's rich , famous and intelligent , and has the time to do something that not even the federal government will do . 
The group also seeks uniformity among states in provisions for taxpayers ' rights . 
Forest-products operations strengthened in the third quarter , while paper operations were dogged by higher costs , soft newsprint exports and a strong Japanese yen . 
But when stocks held steady , Treasury bonds later retreated . 
Against such a backdrop , companies with proven track records of earnings gains of 20 % or so annually have extra appeal . 
a - Ex-dividend . 
Speculation as to the nature of aliens will no doubt continue until we wake up one morning to find they 've taken over `` The Today Show , '' the way they overwhelm an entire town in Jack Finney 's `` Invasion of the Body Snatchers '' ( Fireside\/Simon & Schuster , 216 pages , $ 8.95 ) . 
The settlement stems from charges that Better Book , now defunct , made misrepresentations in selling advertising for the directories and memberships in the bureau from 1984 to 1986 . 
The procedure involves encasing the concrete columns with steel , then connecting them more securely to the double-decker roadbed . 
`` All operations have stopped , '' he said . 
He then ousted President Nicholas Ardito Barletta , a former World Bank official with close ties to the U.S. , after Mr. Barletta tried to create a commission to investigate the murder . 
So producers Alyce and Topper Carew spun their Rolodexes and gathered names of black opinion makers to mount a direct-mail campaign . 
Among other concerns , the agency says researchers with business ties are more likely to falsify findings in order to tout new drugs . 
It is building , among other things , a new laser-beam-printer factory in western Japan that can produce up to 150,000 printers next year . 
Henry Kravis , watch out ! 
It was five in the afternoon , but that was Pacific time . 
Negotiations `` have started con - structively , but that 's not to say we like this particular offer , '' says Wilbur Ross of Rothschild Inc. , adviser to SCI TV junk-holders . 
Shortly thereafter , hysterical articles began to appear predicting that advanced industrial societies would produce a blackened , uninhabitable planet possibly by the turn of the century . 
He has leather jackets from Turkey that are lined with eel skin and topped off with raccoon-skin collars . 
The Philanthropic Advisory Service of the BBB reviews hundreds of new charities every year , measuring them against minimum standards for accountability ; for accuracy and honesty in solicitation ; and for percentage of funds actually going to work for which the charity was supposedly established . 
So far this year , it has put nearly $ 700 million into bottling operations in Australia , New Zealand and France . 
Associated Natural Gas Corp. -- 1.4 million common shares , via Dillon Read & Co . 
At Tokyo , the Nikkei index of 225 selected issues was up 112.16 points to 35486.38 . 
Mr. Sugarman called the lawsuit `` not nice '' and said his group will continue to push for control of the company and the removal of certain directors . 
And William E. Wetzel Jr. , a University of New Hampshire management professor and director of Venture Capital Network Inc. , says the market 's gyrations will underline the investors ' lack of control in big stock investments . 
Mr. Tisch , a billionaire in hotels and finance , was just learning the TV business . 
Bridge and highway collapses will disrupt truck and auto transportation in the San Francisco Bay area for months to come . 
Insurers recovered ground again on market-maker demand and speculative buying linked to talk of mergers in the industry before the European Community 's planned market unification in 
Tymnet is a major network linking computers . 
But along with such treasured artifacts as Lord Nelson 's spyglass , Lloyd 's also brought its outmoded ways of doing business . 
On the other hand , if we 're asking for something unreasonable or unethical and so on , then that 's a whole different story . 
The bonds are rated single-A-1 by Moody 's and double-A-minus by S&P . 
The government 's 7 % issue due October 1999 fell 0.05 point to 99.90 to yield 7.01 % . 
Sen. Mitchell said that congressional Democrats intend to honor the March agreement to give non-lethal support to the Contras through the February elections , although he added that the agreement requires that the Contras not initiate any military action . 
Source : Lipper Analytical Services Inc . 
The pilots argued that this triggered a pay raise for them . 
U.S. officials expressed skepticism over an Israeli effort to show the PLO continues to practice terrorism . 
Mr. Guber was raised in Boston and educated in New York . 
She urges client couples to begin a `` detoxification '' period , purging social and other nonproductive activities and setting time apart for themselves . 
It would be entirely rational for communist insurgents in countries such as the Philippines or Peru to conclude the following : Fight viciously enough and the U.S. , under the banner of pragmatism , might eventually help negotiate your way to victory . 
In other words , environmentalism has created a whole set of vested interests that fare better when there are many problems than when there are few . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
Technology stocks woke up , helping the over-the-counter market rise from its recent doldrums . 
Five of the partners -- James W. Morris , Philip B. Morris , Robert M. White , Ann Adams Webster and Jacqueline G. Epps -- are opening a boutique in Richmond to concentrate on corporate defense litigation , particularly in product liability cases . 
Pressure has been building on the Big Board in the past two weeks to do something about market volatility , which many investors say is caused by program trading . 
Mr. Auvil sees Fujis , in part , as striking a blow against the perversion of U.S. apples by supermarkets . 
The limit could range from three years to seven years , depending on the composition of the management team and the nature of its strategic plan . 
But then the noise turned into a roar . 
The Food and Drug Administration banned all imports of mushrooms from China in response to a rash of food-poisoning outbreaks linked to canned Chinese mushrooms . 
`` You have to go into it firmly believing that it 's the kind of investment where you can lose everything . '' 
Friday 's Market Activity 
The National Broadcasting Co. , a unit of General Electric Co. , had its record-breaking 68-week reign as the prime-time ratings leader snapped yesterday by ABC-TV , a subsidiary of Capital Cities\/ABC Inc . 
This change in the British capital account required an offsetting change in the trade account , a change that could not be prevented by pegging the currency . 
Aided by the fluid playing of the St. Louis Symphony under Leonard Slatkin 's direction , this `` Serenade '' really swings . 
The $ 1.4 billion robot spacecraft faces a six-year journey to explore Jupiter and its 16 known moons . 
He said Polly Peck will greatly expand Sansui 's product line , using Sansui 's engineers to design the new products , and will move Sansui 's production of most products other than sophisticated audio gear offshore into Polly Peck 's own factories . 
`` Back in 1964 , the FBI had five black agents . 
( Some exchange wags call the building `` the oil rig . '' ) 
`` The intimate apparel industry is perceived to be a growth industry and clearly { Maidenform } is a force to be reckoned with , '' says David S. Leibowitz , a special situations analyst at American Securities Corp. in New York . 
But a congressional source close to the panel said the rule only covered coup plans directly involving the U.S. . 
Bush is to visit the area today , and officials in Washington estimated that emergency assistance would total at least $ 2.5 billion . 
Potential candidates may be discouraged from running less by the congressional salary than by the prospect of defeat at the hands of a Democratic opponent . 
The sale of Merksamer Jewelers is subject to approval by Judge Tina Brozman of U.S. Bankruptcy Court . 
When Democrats refused to budge , pro-life Republicans met at the White House with Chief of Staff John Sununu on Monday , and Mr. Bush quickly signaled a veto . 
That way , they can be home in time for work Sunday . 
Source : Telerate Systems Inc . 
Also , it has not yet been decided exactly how much of the mortgage AEW will be able to convert into equity . 
Volume was a modest 405.4 million shares traded , but better than the year 's lowest turnover of 276.8 million Monday . 
It was forced into liquidation before trial when investors yanked their funds after the government demanded a huge pre-trial asset forfeiture . 
Motorola is fighting back against junk mail . 
`` We were disappointed we could n't use wood , '' says architect Walter J. Richardson , `` but the Japanese only want stronger materials . '' 
But the Japanese have to go a long way to catch up . 
Because the figures are based on a small sample , the department said it is 90 % confident only that new-home sales fell somewhere between 5 % and 23 % during the month . 
There was also some fear that without Ivory Coast cocoa a large French cocoa merchant , Cie . Financiere Sucre et Denrees , might not be able to deliver cocoa against the contracts it had sold earlier for December delivery in London . 
They led for nary an inning in the four games , and managed to stir their fans only once . 
K mart previously had announced it would report its third consecutive decline in quarterly earnings for the period ended yesterday , the same day the real estate deal was completed . 
Warner executives also filed new sworn affidavits denying claims by Messrs. Guber and Peters that the two sides had an oral agreement that enabled the producers to terminate their contract with Warner should the opportunity to run a major studio come up . 
But details on chips must now be extraordinarily fine , and the wavelengths of even ultraviolet light are long enough so that the images they draw may be too blurry -- much as someone using a wide paintbrush could produce a broad line but would have trouble painting a thin one . 
The stock closed down $ 8.375 , at $ 170 , after plunging $ 33 , to $ 145 . 
`` A lot of the professional traders are just going back and forth . 
Two Minneapolis shareholder suits in the past month have accused top officers of making `` various untrue statements . '' 
The regional Federal Reserve Bank setup , for instance , may be out of date . 
The company said it expects the name change to take effect within a week . 
Barbra Streisand made him famous . 
It 's wildly overwritten . 
The president 's request did n't indicate how Mr. Cheney would shift the money . 
Dentsu has U.S. subsidiaries , but they keep low profiles . 
David Evans , who last week resigned as president and chief executive of Qintex Entertainment Inc. `` for personal reasons '' just as the company filed for bankruptcy-law protection , has been temporarily reappointed to both positions , the company said . 
The result : Kidder will focus on rich individual investors and small companies , much closer to the clientele of Goldman , Sachs & Co. than a serve-the-world firm like Merrill Lynch or Shearson Lehman Hutton Inc . 
`` I 'm not interested , '' said Dallas investor Harold Simmons . 
The Dow Jones Industrial Average lost 5.94 points to 2653.28 in moderate trading . 
Phillips Petroleum Co. and Atlantic Richfield Co. also reported declines in quarterly profit , while Ashland Oil Inc. posted a loss for the latest quarter . 
On the Commodity Exchange in New York , gold for current delivery rose $ 1.30 to $ 368.70 an ounce in moderate trading . 
She called her daughter to take her to the bank , who , in turn , persuaded her husband , a Mr. Loeb , to run this errand . 
The typical healthy heart beats 70 times a minute . 
Dictation Device 's Saga Plays Back a Lesson 
Semifinished goods turned in a strong showing , with a monthly rise of 2 % and a year-on-year advance of 3 % . 
The indictment , which was sealed and apparently forgotten by investigators until 1987 , charges Mr. Koskotas and three others with tax fraud and other violations . 
Dissident playwright Vaclav Havel reportedly escaped the crackdown , the fourth against activists in recent days . 
Bass ended up 3 higher at 966 , Guinness closed at 589 , down 7 , and Scottish & Newcastle dropped 11 to 359 , but Whitbread Class A shares rose 17 to 363 . 
Bill and Bonnie Quinlan are among the first beneficiaries of the new findings . 
`` But the hurdle of financing still has to be resolved . 
The 40-year old Mr. Pope has n't changed jobs enough -- at least the right ones -- to stash away that kind of money . 
Another solution , said a tax lawyer who requested anonymity , is for firms to use convertible bonds that sell at a discount . 
Opponents say Mr. Thornburgh 's plan will needlessly break up longtime , tightly knit crime-fighting units that have successfully prosecuted major organized-crime figures . 
`` By populating a place now , we make ourselves a power any new government will have to take into account . '' 
All these vehicles have sharply improved Nissan 's morale and image -- but have n't done much for its market share . 
This happens because the FAA does n't have any rules on duty time for flight attendants ; by contrast , it strictly restricts duty time for pilots and air traffic controllers , usually to a maximum of 10 consecutive hours . 
As we streaked by a blase gendarme , I could n't resist rearing up on my soggy loafers and saluting . 
The two banks appear to be a good fit . 
Du Pont , which announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split and raised its quarterly dividend by 14 % , jumped 2 1\/2 to 117 3\/8 . 
Oil stocks escaped the brunt of Friday 's selling and several were able to post gains , including Chevron , which rose 5\/8 to 66 3\/8 in Big Board composite trading of 2.4 million shares . 
Mrs. Marcos 's attorneys asked federal Judge John F. Keenan to give them access to all U.S. documents about her alleged abduction . 
Proceeds will be used for working capital and general corporate purposes , including expansion of the company 's operations . 
With investors relieved at the overnight gain in New York stocks , small-lot buying orders streamed into the market from early morning , making traders believe the market was back to normal . 
Judith Valente contributed to this article . 
It had a $ 258.9 million loss in the second quarter . 
One Washington couple recently sold their liquor store after 34 years in business that included four robbery deaths and 16 robberies or burglaries on the premises . 
Individuals also should focus on building equity in a home , which provides some protection against inflation , as well as a nest-egg that can be cashed in late in life to help cover the cost of retirement living . 
And as Aeroflot struggles to boost its service standards , upgrade its fleet and pursue commercial opportunities , the Irish aviation industry seems poised to benefit . 
Exxon claims that use of dispersants , which break an oil slick into microscopic droplets , was a crucial part of its immediate-response plan and that state officials banned their use during the two days of fair weather following the spill . 
`` We are n't looking at anything like a doomsday scenario , '' he says . 
Mr. Steinhardt , who runs about $ 1.7 billion for Steinhardt Partners , made his name as a gunslinging trader , moving in and out of stocks with agility -- enriching himself and his investment clients . 
A combination of factors -- a weariness among some conservatives , a decline in the perception of a Soviet threat and a preoccupation with other issues -- seem to explain the strange tranquility . 
People have been very respectful of each other . 
Since then , Eastern has been negotiating with creditors over revisions , but the creditors committee has been having problems with the revisions . 
With only small help from the government , these start-up concerns are trying to compete with the Goliaths of the Japanese consumer electronics industry , which enjoy considerable backing from the Japanese government . 
The company has toted up over $ 40 million in contracts in the past two days . 
Digital Equipment tacked on 1 1\/8 to 89 1\/8 , and Hewlett-Packard fell 3\/8 to 49 3\/8 . 
The agreement , subject to approval of union members , would cover about 6,000 workers . 
It largely rested on its hard-to-fault demographics : 10.8 million subscribers in the first half , up from 10.5 million a year ago ; an average age of 42 for readers -- at the height of their consuming years ; loyalty to the tune of an 85 % average subscription renewal rate . 
The practice is , however , legal in most cases . 
In filing an original ( not amended ) return , a couple should consider whether damaged property is owned jointly or separately and whether one spouse has larger income ; that may determine whether they should file jointly or separately . 
A special section dealing with aviation rights states that landing rights for Hong Kong 's airlines , which include the smaller Hong Kong Dragon Airlines , will continue to be negotiated by Hong Kong 's government . 
In addition , the group will create custom-designed media such as cookbooks , newspaper inserts and videos for ad campaigns . 
But the machines are n't on employees ' desks ; they ring the perimeter of the large office . 
Unfortunately , the toxin is also poisonous . 
FEDERAL COURTS URGED to cut costs and reduce delays of civil suits . 
9.88 % , standard conventional fixed-rate mortgages ; 7.875 % , 2 % rate capped one-year adjustable rate mortgages . 
The GNP of the Bahamas is probably somewhere between one and two billion dollars . 
Private-sector union contracts signed in the third quarter granted slightly lower wage increases than those signed in the second quarter , but wage increases still are running above last year 's levels . 
She charged ahead of the government and the law to establish Hochiminh City Food Co. as the biggest rice dealer in the country . 
Skeptics say that if that 's the case , temperatures should have risen fairly uniformly over the past century , reflecting the increase in carbon dioxide . 
Ever since the link to cholesterol was disclosed , Americans have begun scarfing up psyllium in their breakfast cereals . 
If the investment bank can sell the securities at a higher price than it paid the issuer , it makes a profit . 
He brought along his Stuttgart-based Gaechinger Kantorei chorus , and even better , the Czech soprano Gabriela Benackova . 
If so , that will cinch the case for another shot of credit-easing within a month or so . 
In this they are aided by years of American , European , Pakistani and Saudi support for the most extreme factions -- radical Islamic fanatics with leaders whose policies are anathema to the Afghan public . 
Clairol , which makes hair and skin products , was a division of Bristol-Myers Co. before that company 's merger with Squibb Corp . 
But if it was the national disease in 1906 , it is today the national commonplace . 
The authority will issue a total of $ 446.5 million of pollution-control revenue bonds . 
`` Look how much air is moving around ! '' he says . 
Declining issues on the Big Board were far ahead of gainers , 1,108 to 416 . 
It stopped selling a standard personal computer a while ago . 
Toshiyuki Nishimura , an analyst at Yamaichi Securities , said , `` The market sentiment is bullish , simply because there are few bad factors . '' 
SHORT-TERM MUNICIPALS : 
The three urban horticulture experts with Cornell Cooperative Extension weighed in with a letter to the BPCA that began : `` We feel that the garden is horticulturally doomed . '' 
Since this treasure chest is too big to fit in a bank vault , it has been turned into one . 
Parts of the Houston Ship Channel were closed . 
Mr. Cohen said more than $ 2.8 million has been paid to 26 states and that Drexel still expects to pay out a total of $ 11.5 million . 
Made of space-age materials , the wheel spokes are designed like airplane wings to shave 10 minutes off the time of a rider in a 100-mile race , the company claims . 
Industrywide , oil production in this country fell by 500,000 barrels a day to 7.7 million barrels in the first eight months of this year . 
For the nine months , Norton had net of $ 81.2 million , or $ 3.87 a share , and a tax credit of $ 4.4 million . 
`` I guess I thought , ` This is the World Series and I 'm not gon na wimp out ! ' '' 
We must not forget , however , that such a humble political experiment could cause a global tidal wave of shocks in real-estate and financial markets . 
Loral said the contract with Turkey will provide opportunities for Loral to supply that country with other defense systems . 
Broward County School District , Florida -- $ 185 million of school district general bonds , via a First Boston Corp. group . 
The problem is being ballyhooed , experts say , because the 486 is Intel 's future flagship . 
But the economy `` is slowing enough to give the Federal Reserve leeway to reduce interest rates . '' 
By midnight Oct. 6 , all of the paintings were supposed to have been sold off , under orders from Florida 's comptroller , whose office regulates the state 's S&Ls . 
She is almost cavalier about the possibility Vietnam 's reforms will create rivals on her home turf . 
Got back to Bolinas , and everything had fallen : broken poster frames with glass on the floor , file cabinets open or dumped onto the floor . 
The company has begun offering shots of gamma globulin , which will diminish the flu-like symptoms of hepatitis A , in anyone who has contracted the disease , Mr. Mattausch said . 
For there is an emerging protocol -- indeed , an etiquette -- to it . 
`` Let me say there is a symbolic component to this trip , '' Secretary of State James Baker told reporters Wednesday . 
A week later , the man told Mr. MacInnis he had suffered a mild heart attack unrelated to the massage . 
The usual suspects are found to be guilty , then not guilty , then guilty -- but of a different crime . 
Officials at the Washington D.C.-based charity did n't return repeated phone calls . 
Plaintiffs ' lawyers say that buildings become `` sick '' when inadequate fresh air and poor ventilation systems lead pollutants to build up inside . 
Critics of poison pills argue that they harm shareholders by letting corporate management defeat takeover bids at premium prices and by deterring premium bids from ever being made to shareholders . 
Mr. Lipstein 's absence from the meeting here raised speculation that the sale is in trouble . 
The early omens , we admit , scarcely suggest so wholesome an outcome . 
In the wake of the earthquake in California and the devastation of Hurricane Hugo , many companies in disaster-prone areas are pondering the question of preparedness . 
Mr. Paul says that he has feelers out over much of the globe and that potential buyers from as far away as Japan and Italy have examined the collection . 
`` If that follows through next month , then it will be a different story , '' he says . 
I love this business , '' he says . 
In a statement , Arnold B. McKinnon , chairman and chief executive officer , noted that the new repurchase program `` should serve to enhance shareholder value . '' 
I got home , let the dogs into the house and noticed some sounds above my head , as if someone were walking on the roof , or upstairs . 
The FBI is very supportive of and an active participant in Mr. Bennett 's initiative . 
It often is preceded by the development of polyps in the bowel , which in some cases become increasingly malignant in identifiable stages -- progressing from less severe to deadly -- as though a cascade of genetic damage might be occurring . 
Fear is the father of panic . 
`` We need a Western Ostpolitik , '' says John Roper , of the Royal Institute of International Affairs in London , referring to West Germany 's longstanding policy of a diplomatic opening to the East . 
Mr. Hurley was formerly a vice president and general manager of an Avery International division ; Mr. Vanourek was a former group vice president of Pitney Bowes Inc . 
He had developed a hatred for the hacker and a grudging appreciation of the federal `` spooks '' who make national security their business . 
The son of an immigrant stonemason of Slovenian descent , he was raised in a small borough outside Ebensburg , the Cambria County seat , and put himself through the University of Pittsburgh Law School . 
CALL MONEY : 9 3\/4 % to 10 % . 
It was downhill from there , however . 
He added that talk of strike settlements at producing mines has been fully discounted . 
But except for Zenith Electronics Corp. and International Business Machines Corp. , which is collaborating with Toshiba on computer displays , they are poorly positioned to exploit advances in large panels . 
Although a GOP president may limit local benefits to the voter 's particular district\/state , such a president is also likely to be more effective at preventing other districts\/states and their legislators from bringing home the local benefits . 
The issue has come to a boil in Newark , N.J. , where federal prosecutors have warned lawyers for Eddie Antar that if the founder and former chairman of Crazy Eddie Inc. is indicted , the government may move to seize the money that Mr. Antar is using to pay legal fees . 
At that rate , the defense plan is underfunded by $ 48 billion . 
Even the carefully calibrated machinery in its giant Fremont plant , to the north of the Valley , was believed to be undamaged . 
The explosion sent shards of metal flying , severing the DC-10 's hydraulic or control systems , and led to the crash that killed 112 people . 
Much of the money was switched into the firm 's money market funds . 
In Europe , the Rothschilds banks are focusing on mergers and acquisitions as European industry restructures ahead of 1992 . 
At the American Express Travel Related Services Co. unit , net rose 17 % to a record $ 240.8 million on a 19 % revenue increase . 
In July , Viacom Inc. formed Viacom Pictures to produce 12 low-budget movies a year that will premiere on Showtime network and be distributed later in various markets , including foreign theaters . 
Within two hours , viewers pledged over $ 400,000 , according to a Red Cross executive . 
He 's attacked the concept of `` building tenure , '' one of the most disgraceful institutions in American public schools . 
At the hearing , Rep. Oakar started wailing about `` phoney baloney regulations '' that would stand between her and `` housing for downtown Cleveland . '' 
The other scenario assumes that Beijing takes effective actions to curb imports in the coming months . 
The action abandons earlier efforts to find offsetting cuts to fund the payments , but is widely seen as a more realistic means of expediting reparations first authorized in 1988 . 
The Fleet Street reaction was captured in the Guardian headline , `` Departure Reveals Thatcher Poison . '' 
Philip Glass is the emperor , and his music the new clothes , of the avant-garde . 
Loan covenants require that the company achieve specified levels of operating earnings and meet a rolling four-quarter profitability test . 
Last year , Du Pont agreed to pay $ 4.5 million for rights to superconductor work at the University of Houston . 
John Dingell demagogues a David Baltimore , animal-rights activists do $ 3.5 million of damage to labs at the U.Cal-Davis , Meryl Streep decries the horrors of chemistry on talk shows , Jeremy Rifkin files lawsuits in federal court to thwart biotech experiments , and Dutch-elm-disease researcher Gary Strobel 's own colleagues at Montana State denounce him for `` violating '' EPA rules . 
But this skittishness , Mr. Antolini says , is creating liquidity problems in certain OTC stocks . 
`` Two generations ago , Dad came to Las Vegas by himself for a little diversion , '' says Van Heffner , executive vice president of the Nevada Hotel and Motel Association . 
She has thrown extravagant soirees for crowds of people , but prefers more intimate gatherings . 
It did n't help when , in 1986 , she was charged ( and then cleared ) on allegations of public drunkenness . 
The company said it may install additional processing units at the refinery to produce higher octane gasolines and other products . 
Eric C. Meltzer 
Some business analysts blame the problem on tough competition in the insurance market . 
At the trade show , Specialized also unveiled a revolutionary three-spoked bike wheel developed jointly by Specialized and Du Pont Co . 
But on Oct. 6 , he had reason to celebrate . 
Tales of haunts and horrors are proliferating beyond the nation 's Elm Streets and Amityvilles . 
In late trading , New Jersey Turnpike Authority 's 7.20 % issue of 2018 was off 1\/4 point at 98 bid . 
Dow Jones has offered to pay $ 18 a share , or about $ 576 million , for the remaining Telerate stake . 
Goodyear 's profit rose 11 % in the quarter , buoyed by improved operating results in its tire business . 
`` You 'll start to see shows where viewers program the program . 
Many of the letters maintain that investor confidence has been so shaken by the 1987 stock market crash -- and the markets already so stacked against the little guy -- that any decrease in information on insider-trading patterns might prompt individuals to get out of stocks altogether . 
City crews tallied the wreckage to buildings , but lacked a clear sense of how gravely transportation arteries were disabled . 
`` The capriciousness would completely disrupt our operations , '' says Ernesto Vega Velasco , Desc 's finance director . 
Wall Street executives said they believed that Renaissance 's $ 900 million buy program was carried out by PaineWebber Inc . 
The program , which runs through Jan. 4 , also offers low-rate financing in lieu of the cash rebate . 
He said industry should build plants on the same scale as those outside India and benefit from economies of scale . 
It is the kind of libel the teachers ' unions do n't mind spreading , for their own narrow purposes . 
The magazines , also ad-supported , will be distributed in more than 10,000 doctors ' offices , clinics , and health centers in Hispanic and largely Hispanic communities . 
South Korea and Japan continue to be profitable . 
In an unprecedented step , the measure anticipates another $ 30 million in receipts by having the Federal Bureau of Investigation charge for fingerprint services in civil cases -- a change that is almost certain to increase Pentagon costs in processing personnel and security clearances . 
The AT&T action was the most recent blow in a nasty fight . 
AMR 's chairman , Robert L. Crandall , said the results were due to an 11 % year-to-year increase in fuel prices and a slight decrease in yield , an industry measure analogous to profit margin on each seat sold . 
`` That puts pressure on CD rates . 
Except for the loss from the hurricane , all the figures were adjusted for seasonal factors and inflation . 
The subject will be written into the plots of prime-time shows , and viewers will be given a 900 number to call . 
The official line was to offer warmer ties to Mr. Krenz , provided he is willing to institute reforms . 
`` The market can adjust to good news or bad news , but uncertainty drives people wild , '' said Bernard B. Beal , chief executive of M.R. Beal & Co. , a securities firm that specializes in the municipal market . 
Mr. Noriega 's proposal was turned down . 
Because the federal Freedom of Information Act was n't law at that time , the FBI was n't required to turn over information on its investigations when Mr. Ferguson appealed his conviction in the 1960s . 
B.A.T has declined to identify the potential bidders . 
Mr. Asquith , whose study on junk bond defaults caused a furor on Wall Street when it was disclosed last April , says this year 's junk bond defaults already show a high correlation with his own findings . 
Many American church-owned businesses , such as a $ 30 million factory to build fishing vessels , are defunct . 
The radio queries again . 
This is an enviably low level . 
The increase was due mainly to a $ 325 million order from Turkey to equip its fleet of F-16 fighters with Loral 's ALQ-178 Rapport III electronic countermeasures system . 
Made in USA . 
`` The result may turn out to be a lot closer than people think . 
But university computer specialists , who welcomed the move , called it a necessary retreat from the cutting edge of technology and one that 's likely to increase Next 's sales on campuses . 
Ratings under review are Ryder 's A-1 collateral trust debentures , A-2 senior notes and bonds , A-2 preferred stock and the company 's Prime-1 rating for commercial paper . 
The Bear Stearns order that marked the late-day turnaround caused a `` massive buying effort '' as UAL jumped $ 20 a share to $ 170 in the last half hour , said Mr. Bates . 
The odd mix of departments in the underlying bill makes it one of the more eclectic of the annual appropriations measures , and it is a lightning rod for a running battle over the fate of the Legal Services Corp . 
What is certain is that if Americans allow another happening like the degrading Bork confirmation circus , it will be at their peril . 
It has long been rumored that Ocean Drilling would sell the unit to concentrate on its core oil and gas business . 
He says that he knew he was getting a zero-coupon CD and that he had previously invested in TIGRs ( Treasury Income Growth Receipts ) , a type of zero-coupon Treasury security sold by Merrill Lynch . 
The Securities and Exchange Board of India was set up earlier this year , along the lines of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission , but New Delhi has n't pushed the legislation to make it operational . 
The $ 320 million purchase of MTM represented an audacious international move for TVS , which then was about half the U.S. concern 's size . 
Most are trim . 
`` There are no commercials to make up for since we 're going to eventually broadcast the World Series , '' said a network spokesman . 
CBS may cushion losses with about $ 200 million a year in interest earned on the proceeds from selling CBS Records and other businesses . 
The expansion is subject to approval by federal and Wisconsin environmental regulators . 
Many are refugees , having fled China 's unending cycles of political repression and poverty since the Communist Party took power in 1949 . 
The budget impact will be greater still in fiscal 1991 , and the issue forced a confrontation between the Appropriations Committee leadership and Budget Committee Chairman Leon Panetta , whose California district was at the center of the earthquake last week . 
`` The less they know , the easier it is for us . 
Mercury Savings & Loan Association said it retained Merrill Lynch Capital Markets as its lead investment banker to advise it regarding a possible sale or other combination of the Huntington Beach , Calif. , thrift . 
Some investors say Friday 's sell-off was a good thing , because it deflated a lot of crazy takeover speculation . 
`` By the end of the 1990s , '' he said , `` we want to be producing roughly two vehicles overseas for every vehicle that we export from Japan . '' 
Wacoal said it intends to produce the cars through a car manufacturer . 
They increased the after-tax rate of return and made Britain a far more attractive place to invest , producing sudden capital inflows . 
LTV confirmed the price-increase plan , saying the move is designed to more accurately reflect the value of products and to put steel on more equal footing with other commodities . 
The hottest rivalry in the computer industry intensified sharply yesterday as Digital Equipment Corp. announced its first line of mainframe computers , targeting International Business Machines Corp. 's largest market . 
Genentech Inc. said the West German distributor of its heart drug TPA reached a joint marketing agreement with a subsidiary of Hoechst AG , which makes the rival anti-clotting agent streptokinase . 
Nicaragua 's Ortega postponed until today a decision on whether to end a 19-month-old cease-fire in the conflict with the Contra rebels . 
Better to have a true monetarist policy , just for the experience . 
In the short term , the move is likely to have little effect . 
On similarities between China and the Soviet Union : `` In important particulars , the Soviets are different from the Chinese . 
Ford originally had seen a Saab alliance as a way to expand its presence in the European and U.S. luxury car markets . 
Large and lavish , `` Traviata '' is another addition to the Met 's growing stock of cast-proof productions mostly by Mr. Zeffirelli . 
That 's leaving small investors with cold feet , they said , and prompting institutions to take a reserved stance on the sidelines as well , at least until the market in New York settles down somewhat . 
Americans it seems have followed Malcolm Forbes 's hot-air lead and taken to ballooning in a heady way . 
In over-the-counter trading , MGM Grand was bid at $ 17.50 a share . 
Also issued were 10 billion yen of bonds due Dec. 5 , 1994 , priced at 101 1\/2 , with coupon paid in Australian dollars , via LTCB International Ltd . 
`` They want to pretend it does n't exist , '' he said . 
Guaranteed by Societe Generale . 
So what 's the catch ? 
At Chrysler 's 1990 model preview last month , Chrysler Motors President Robert A. Lutz said the No. 3 auto maker , along with other U.S. manufacturers , might be forced to `` realign ... capacity '' if market demand does n't improve . 
`` Share prices performed even worse than the funds ' asset values because fear has taken hold '' in the junk market , he says . 
China frequently lambastes the U.S. Embassy for harboring astrophysicist Fang Lizhi , a political dissident who took refuge there after the massacre . 
No federal court has ruled that the Voting Rights Act protects a white minority , but in June the Justice Department approved a districting plan for Birmingham that carves out three white-majority districts and six black-majority districts . 
Estimates of damage in the area , visited Friday by Bush , topped $ 5 billion . 
`` Disappointing profits are likely to get worse in the next two quarters , '' says Mary Farrell , a market strategist at PaineWebber . 
They will be the next hot magazines . 
The state 's tax enforcers have amassed data bases from other New York agencies that license or register professionals and businesses ; from exchange agreements with the IRS , 24 other states , and two Canadian provinces , and even from phonebook Yellow Pages . 
But , while the Soviets ca n't expect direct technology flow from Japan , they also hope to benefit from Japanese manufacturing expertise . 
Cray made its announcement after the stock market closed . 
They are telling us that { 8 3\/4 % } is as low as they want to see the fed funds rate , '' said Robert Chandross at Lloyds Bank PLC . 
Oil-tool prices are even edging up . 
Mr. Pilson calls that loss estimate `` wildly inaccurate , '' conceding only that CBS will lose money on baseball in the first year . 
This trend appears to be especially true at General Motors Corp. , which used both dealer and consumer incentives to ignite sales in August and September . 
Tandy 's decision is a second setback for U.S. Memories . 
Yet he took little businesslike care with his cattle : He had no prior experience and did n't seek business counsel about them . 
Franco Reviglio , ENI chairman , looks for sweeping structural change in the oil industry -- he calls it a `` revolution '' requiring huge investments -- as a result of environmental issues . 
Fannie Mae has agreed to buy as much as $ 100 million of loans under its Seniors ' Housing Opportunities pilot program , which offers four types of loans to people 62 years of age or older to help them maintain their home or obtain housing . 
Other aspects of the bill , however , are either structured in ways that create unnecessary burdens for the industry or actually are harmful to the exchanges , the industry and ultimately the general public . 
Mr. Morrissey , the Kentucky Fried Chicken franchisee , notes that most franchise owners must absorb increases in expenses without any cut in the royalties , or portion of sales , that they must pay franchisers . 
Friday , Nov. 3 , 9-11 p.m. EST , on PBS : `` Our Town . '' 
That followed a 3.3 % decline in August . 
In an interview , Mr. Krat said that based on criteria yet to be determined , he expects to distribute 49 % of Royal Alliance to the representatives , who sell Integrated 's insurance and mutual-fund products . 
The other , called the Solo , is battery operated and is the first high-performance radar detector that does n't need a power cord , the company said . 
In 1979 , two Voyager spacecraft sent back stunning photos of Jovian moons Io and Europa that showed them to be among the most intriguing bodies in the solar system . 
Rents have soared along with house prices . 
The most controversial of these is stock-index arbitrage , in which traders buy or sell baskets of stocks and offset the position with an opposite trade in stock-index futures to lock in profits . 
Catalog companies are likely to pose a bigger threat to all stores this year , particularly in December . 
Recently , Gen-Probe received a broad U.S. patent for a technology that helps detect , identify and quantify non-viral organisms through the targeting of a form of genetic material called ribosomal RNA . 
Mr. Canelo suggests that investors compare price\/earnings ratios ( the price of a share of stock divided by a company 's per-share earnings for a 12-month period ) with projected growth rates . 
But several analysts and Japanese scientists familiar with the study , which was announced at a conference in Nagoya yesterday , expressed skepticism over the significance of the results . 
The reconciliation talks in the Libyan desert town of Tobruk followed a meeting Monday in the Egyptian resort of Mersa Metruh . 
It could point to plenty of ailments that the Spanish economic rejuvenation so far has failed to cure . 
Enforcement of restricted-entry rules was sporadic , residents said . 
But because the University of California , like many other universities , shares its royalties with researchers , it may disqualify itself from federal funds under the proposed guidelines , Mr. Daly says . 
Mr. Noriega 's tips on emerging leftists at his school were deemed more important to U.S. interests . 
Because of the size of the California market , few relocation specialists expect a widespread corporate flight in the quake 's aftermath . 
A permanent smoking ban on virtually all domestic airline routes won approval from the House , which separately sent to President Bush a nearly $ 67 billion fiscal 1990 bill including the first construction funds for the space station . 
While tens of thousands of software packages using the IBM standard are available in the U.S. , they say only about 8,000 are written for NEC . 
Terms of the agreement were n't disclosed . 
The key to Pinkerton 's future will be sticking to what it does best -- being a security company , says Mr. Wathen . 
Our plan is to honor Charles Schulz and the strip all year long . '' 
Nevertheless , the increasing likelihood that these two major supply disruptions will be resolved weighed on the market , the analysts agreed . 
A few months later , Mr. Bush became Ronald Reagan 's running mate . 
Rated Ba-3 by Moody 's Investors Service Inc. and single-B-plus by Standard & Poor 's Corp. , the issue will be sold through Merrill Lynch Capital Markets . 
The bank 's chairman and director general , who also sit on the board , still would be appointed by the Treasury . 
Borden even tested a milk with 4 % butterfat in the South , but decided the market was too small . 
\* Principal amount 
Blair Entertainment , a New York firm that advises TV stations and sells ads for them , has just formed a subsidiary -- 900 Blair -- to apply the technology to television . 
In general , Mr. Utsumi said , Japanese banks are becoming more `` independent '' in their approach to overseas deals . 
`` There is just so much going on that it 's difficult to pick just one factor that 's driving the market , '' said Ronald Ian Heller , vice president at First Chicago Capital Markets Inc. , a subsidiary of First Chicago Corp . 
Marcus W. Brauchli contributed to this article . 
`` If there is any support for reducing the bill , it is conditioned on their desire to see them passed in another form . '' 
Standard & Poor 's Corp. said it would add John H. Harland Co. , an Atlanta check printer , to its 500-stock index , effective at the close of trading on Wednesday . 
Through these investigations we do not focus on the street drug user , but rather we target and attack major drug-trafficking organizations that control a large segment of the drug market . 
The Big Board lists its targets as pension plans , mutual fund managers and index-arbitrage traders . 
She also frequently invites directors , producers , actors , writers and other show business people for `` coffee and clips in the pleasure dome . '' 
In late afternoon New York trading , the dollar was at 1.8415 marks and 142.85 yen compared with 1.8340 marks and 141.90 yen late Monday . 
Most public-health measures were handled at the local level . 
Because the law made compliance voluntary , it inspired little more than jokes . 
The compromise proposal , ending a long impasse between Democrats and the president , would boost the minimum wage to $ 4.25 an hour by April 1991 from $ 3.35 now . 
Roughly $ 2 billion of that debt has already been repaid from previous asset sales , and RJR expects to use another $ 2 billion from the pending , two-part sale of most of its Del Monte unit . 
To suggest that a 10 % drop in ozone by the middle of the next century would be negligible is irresponsible and shortsighted . 
Meanwhile , Mr. Gillett risks losing his entire equity investment of about $ 100 million in SCI TV if the company ca n't be restructured . 
John Markese , director of research for the American Association of Individual Investors , raises a cautionary note . 
Mr. Paul says that at one point he did indeed have eight or nine of the paintings at home and that the rest were in storage at Sotheby 's . 
He said he was surprised by the EC 's reaction , calling it `` vehement , even frenetic . '' 
Mr. Allday would succeed Martha Hesse , who is resigning . 
Despite Mr. Paul 's characteristic hauteur , the 50-year-old , chain-smoking dynamo is finding that getting CenTrust -- Florida 's largest thrift institution -- out of its riskiest investments is much tougher than getting into them had been . 
Critics warned such cash contributions may only undercut the opposition party 's standing , and one irony is that under Nicaraguan law a major portion of the opposition party 's funds must be shared with the government 's Supreme Electoral Council . 
A main factor mitigating more widespread damage was the location of the quake 's epicenter -- 20 miles from the heart of the Silicon Valley and more than 50 miles from downtown San Francisco and Oakland . 
Nearly half the owners of the 28 National Football League teams are losing money , the result of flat attendance , aging stadiums and -- more than anything -- skyrocketing salaries for star players like Mr. Aikman . 
Eaton said sales of truck axles , transmissions and other parts fell 7.2 % to $ 295 million . 
Those gains came from higher prices , particularly for disposable diapers and tissue products , and from increased sales , primarily for feminine-care products , the company said . 
Still , analysts said the accord does n't suggest Japan is opening up to more foreign takeovers . 
The small drop in equity funds in general in the latest week may not necessarily be a good sign , said A. Michael Lipper , president of Lipper Analytical . 
A financial adviser for Revco bondholders , David Schulte , of Chilmark Partners , had mixed reactions to the offer . 
`` We 'll raise it through bank loans . 
Mr. Broberg , who started with the now-defunct Washington Senators , says that when he left baseball in 1978 , he `` never looked back . '' 
The White House has decided to push for changes in pesticide law that are designed to speed the removal of harmful chemicals from the nation 's food supply . 
DISCOUNT RATE : 7 % . 
Dow Jones industrials 2689.14 , up 5.94 ; transportation 1230.80 , off 32.71 ; utilities 215.48 , up 0.06 . 
But that signal on full-year profit casts doubt on whether Dow will improve on its year-ago fourth-quarter net of $ 3.44 a share , or $ 635 million . 
HRH : 
He said that all of these companies will be able to compete fiercely in an economic downturn . 
On Sept. 13 , Japan began a policy of screening boat people , accepting only those deemed to be political refugees . 
In the Missouri case , unforeseen consequences may have arisen because the high court reinstated the preamble of the state 's 1986 abortion law . 
Following is a weekly listing of unadited net asset values of publicly traded investment fund shares , reported by the companies as of Friday 's close . 
However , he is restricted from making certain hostile moves by an agreement he signed to obtain confidential UAL data . 
Conference attendees are expected to be buzzing about the workings of the recently formed Resolution Trust Corp. , a federal agency charged with disposing of an estimated $ 200 billion of real estate dumped in government hands by insolvent savings and loans . 
`` I think { Mr. Phillips } is going to need some help . 
The March futures contract traded as high as 14.24 cents , but could n't sustain the advance , '' he said . 
That 's because airline earnings , like those of auto makers , have been subject to the cyclical ups-and-downs of the economy . 
ITT also said its consumer finance unit agreed in September to settle a civil suit with the California attorney general over alleged improper lending and sales practices . 
The centerpiece of the overhaul , according to Mr. Roberti , is the men 's tailored clothing department , where Brooks Brothers has added new suit styles and fabrics . 
There are no firm plans to expand the experimental program beyond the University of Pittsburgh , whose hospital performs the most transplants in the world . 
b - As of Thursday 's close . 
More recently , Guber Peters beat out a dozen other producers , reportedly including Robert Redford and Ted Turner , for rights to the life story of Chico Mendes , the murdered Brazilian union leader who fought developers in the Amazon rain forest . 
`` We 're anticipating quite a traffic crunch , '' said one official . 
Analysts said the results were as expected , but several added that the earnings masked underlying weaknesses in several businesses . 
First , the sport you play is no longer a game -- it becomes a job . 
He succeeds C. Benjamin Brooks Jr. , who will retire Nov. 1 . 
A federal judge ruled that Imelda Marcos was n't brought to the U.S. against her will and that marital privileges , which protect spouses from incriminating each other , do n't apply in her case . 
Up in his stadium box , their new and controversial owner , Jerral `` Jerry '' Jones , watches anxiously as the team bounds up to the scrimmage line . 
The prime minister 's insistence on keeping a private coterie of advisers -- including an economic guru who openly criticized former Chancellor of the Exchequer Nigel Lawson -- confused the financial community . 
To tackle the problem , NFL owners have proposed setting a rookie wage scale to try to rein in salaries . 
The Treasury 's benchmark 30-year bond ended at a price of 102 2\/32 , down nearly 5\/8 point from Thursday , or about $ 6.25 for each $ 1,000 face amount . 
Car prices , another area that contributed to the steep rise in the wholesale index last month , still showed declines at the consumer level . 
Maybe the problem is a political system that wo n't act without an `` exchange of letters , '' that insists on running foreign policy by committee , that treats a president as just another guy at the table . 
For the paper industry specifically , most analysts said the deal will spur a wave of paper-company takeovers , possibly involving such companies as Union Camp Corp. , Federal Paperboard Co. and Mead Corp . 
Senator Sasser of Tennessee is chairman of the Appropriations subcommittee on military construction ; Mr. Bush 's $ 87 million request for Tennessee increased to $ 109 million . 
If holders avoid tendering to Paribas , he added , they can expect strong dividends again next year . 
Meanwhile , supporters of the Dellums two-party consent bill say it is needed because of a giant loophole in the one-party consent law . 
`` The equity decision will come when the client is ready and when there 's a semblance of confidence . '' 
We think it is n't such a great burden , that it carries no stigma , and we are prepared to do it . '' 
For instance , he has n't stated a clear position on high-risk , high-yield junk bonds , an area of growing concern as turmoil in the junk market spills over into stocks . 
`` There are an increasing number of people out there who are time-poor , '' said Chris Vroom , retail analyst with Alex . Brown & Sons of Baltimore . 
Robert A. Oswald , chief financial officer and a director of this natural-gas pipeline company , was elected to the additional position of executive vice president . 
But the market really is n't going to be stood on its head , '' said a banker at one of Frankfurt 's Big Three banks . 
And the Poles are engaged in commerce . '' 
Because of the way the government keeps its books , the damage to the Bay Bridge , however costly , wo n't be counted as a minus . 
That trend , and Wells Fargo 's heavy exposure to leveraged buy-outs , are about the only worries analysts have about Wells Fargo 's financial picture . 
`` We played catch-up in some areas , and sold off in some others . '' 
Stokely says stores revive specials like three cans of peas for 99 cents . 
Holiday said its 15 % notes due 1992 also will be included in the tender offer and consent solicitation at a price to be determined by Holiday prior to the commencement of the offer . 
Callum McCarthy , 45 , was named to the new post of deputy head of the corporate-finance division and a managing director . 
`` If they 're telling the truth now , then they 've been charging 300 % more than what is reasonable , '' says Steve Gardner , an assistant state attorney general in Texas . 
Prosecutors have told Mr. Antar 's attorneys that they believe Mr. Antar 's allegedly ill-gotten gains are so great that any money he has used to pay attorneys derives from illegal activities . 
One trend that continues is growth in the money invested in funds . 
Not so . 
They stroll through the marble-encased corridors of the Atrium Court . 
Baldwin Technology Co. -- 2,600,000 Class A shares , via Smith Barney , Harris Upham & Co . 
Traders , however , are quick to point out that while there is little enthusiasm for buying dollars , the U.S. unit has found a `` natural bottom '' at about 1.85 marks and 140 yen . 
`` We 've got to move quickly . '' 
Du Pont also announced plans for a 3-for-1 stock split , although the initial higher dividend will be paid on pre-split shares . 
They estimate the value of the transaction at close to $ 100 million . 
Consumers , he said , are balking at higher prices on 1990 cars , especially after seeing the incentive-reduced prices on 1989 models . 
Exxon Corp. is resigning from the National Wildlife Federation 's corporate advisory panel , saying the conservation group has been unfairly critical of the Exxon Valdez oil spill along the Alaskan coast . 
$ 300 million of bonds due Nov. 16 , 1993 , with equity-purchase warrants , indicating a 3 3\/4 % coupon at par via Nomura International Ltd . 
`` The cost of health care is eroding standards of living and sapping industrial strength , '' complains Walter Maher , a Chrysler health-and-benefits specialist . 
Nonetheless , `` Delmed currently expects that 1990 sales ... will be significantly below their 1989 level , '' the company said in a statement . 
Sales for electric wires and cables rose 13.2 % to 153.93 billion yen . 
The Nasdaq Composite Index tumbled 5.39 , or 1.2 % to 452.76 on Friday . 
Based on yesterday 's closing price of the S&P , the average value of one day 's trading amounts to $ 7.6 billion . 
It adds that births were `` extremely unlikely '' after the fourth cycle and concludes couples who do n't achieve a pregnancy after four to six procedures should be advised that success is unlikely . 
`` The golden share is a single share , but it is the magic share . '' 
`` This is a watershed time , and we are trying to plot our way ahead , '' he says . 
So DARPA is trying to keep the industry interested in developing large display panels by doling out research funds . 
The company has about 8.8 million shares outstanding . 
J.C. Penney Co. -- 
But then it turned out that President Siad Barrah was not at all a nice person and the Navy pointed out that the base he promised us in Berbera had silted up about a hundred years ago and anyway was 1,244 miles from the mouth of the Gulf . 
It did , shaking the apple establishment to its roots . 
Axa has agreed to acquire Farmers from Sir James 's investment vehicle , Hoylake Investments Ltd. , for $ 4.5 billion plus a $ 1 billion investment in Hoylake . 
Yes , we all can remember one or two truly inspiring teachers from our school days . 
And profit from polymers dropped to $ 107 million from $ 122 million amid what Du Pont called lower demand and selling prices in certain packaging and industrial markets . 
Mr. Carson has been charged with being anti-Semitic . 
And if she and the Battery Park City Authority have their way , her horticulturally inept plan will soon go public as a real garden `` artwork '' in the downtown complex . 
For the nine months , the Arlington , Va. , company 's net plunged 73 % to $ 38.5 million , or 76 cents a share , from $ 142.2 million , or $ 3.28 a share . 
Digital 's push into mainframes comes at a time when its mainstay minicomputer line is under growing pressure from smaller personal computers and workstations that operate on standard operating systems rather than on the proprietary systems that older minicomputers use . 
Munich-based Allianz 's brief explanatory statement said it is acting to protect its own interests as a shareholder of Navigation Mixte . 
Eventually even Republicans will find a way to frame the issue in ways that expose pro-choice absolutism . 
The newly chartered bank will assume about $ 125.7 million in 10,300 deposit accounts and pay the FDIC a purchase premium of $ 2.9 million . 
La Jolla is the parent company of La Jolla Bank & Trust Co. , which has 12 branches in San Diego County . 
`` If the dialogue was based on the assumption that Arafat or the PLO would stop terrorism , and we have evidence of continued terrorism , what would be the logical conclusion ? '' Mr. Carmon asked . 
Standard & Poor 's 500-Stock Index gained 0.03 to 347.16 , the Dow Jones Equity Market Index fell 0.02 to 325.50 , and the New York Stock Exchange Composite Index fell 0.05 to 192.12 . 
Analysts viewed the chairman 's comments as an indication that the central bank is disinclined to ease monetary policy further in the near future . 
The dollar rose modestly against the mark and the yen , but soared against the pound following the resignation of Britain 's chancellor of the Exchequer , Nigel Lawson . 
Seagram closed at $ 84.75 , up 12.5 cents a share in Big Board trading . 
The company said it has an option to increase the offering by up to 350,000 shares . 
